 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 20 minutes.    Madam President, I come to the floor to once again  discuss U.S. policy toward the Russian Federation. I fear this body is  in the grips of a paralysis that has rendered us flat-footed in the  face of a multitude of threats from Russia. This is not a paralysis due  to a lack of knowledge, lack of facts, or lack of intelligence. It is a  paralysis of our politics, a paralysis born out of a lack of political  will to do what is necessary in the absence of Presidential leadership,  a lack of will to stand up for our national security, a lack of will to  defend our Democratic institutions, a lack of will to fulfill the oath  that every single Member of this Chamber swore to uphold.   The inaction from this body since the beginning of the year on Russia  has been astounding. It gives me no pleasure to think that political  considerations could be compromising the Republican majority's  willingness to respond robustly to the Russia threat, but how else can  I explain why the party of Reagan has gone missing? What force, other  than politics, can explain our failure to demand the administration  robustly respond to Russia's seizure of Ukrainian ships in the Kerch  Strait in the high seas in international waters? What force other than  politics can explain our feeble response to Russia's chemical attack in  the United Kingdom? What force other than politics can explain our  failure to thwart Russia's hand in Syria and allow Putin to sit back  and enjoy the political instability spawned in Europe by the resulting  migration crisis? What force other than politics can have us playing  right into Putin's hands? What force other than politics can explain  the remarks made earlier today by Majority Leader McConnell in which he  suggested that Democratic efforts to assess the full and unredacted  Mueller report are impeding the ability of this body to shore up our  election security?   Well, that is really rich. I might remind the American people that it  was the majority leader who, when presented by top intelligence  officials in the Obama administration with Russian efforts to help  President Trump's candidacy, blocked efforts to inform the public?   Look, I am not here today to talk about conspiracy or obstruction or  President Trump. Make no mistake, those issues are deeply concerning,  and contrary to the majority leader's words, the case is not closed.  The case is not closed. However, there will be other opportunities to  address these issues, and when it comes to shoring up our defenses, we  are running out of time.   So as the ranking member on the Foreign Relation Committee, I am here  to flash a red warning light about what the Mueller report means for  our national security, what it means for America's geopolitical  standing with respect to Russia, what it means for our credibility on  the world stage as Democratic institutions are attacked.   I am worried that in the face of Russian aggression, we are getting  lost, not in the fog of war but in the fog of politics, and our  inaction today will have consequences that outlast any Presidency,  haunting us for years or even decades to come.   Let's review what we know about the Russian threat and how long we  have known about it. It was over 2 years ago, in January of 2017, when  the Director of National Intelligence determined that Russia interfered  in the 2016 election. Our intelligence community released that  assessment that concluded Russia's efforts to influence the 2016  Presidential election ``demonstrated a significant escalation in  directness, level of activity, and scope of effort compared to previous  operations.''   They concluded that this attack was ordered by President Putin  himself and that ``Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear  preference for President-elect Trump.''   They concluded Russia's efforts ``[B]lend[ed] covert intelligence  operations--such as cyber activity--with overt efforts by Russian  Government agencies, state-funded media, third-party intermediaries,  and paid social media users or `trolls' to undermine our 2016  elections.''   In addition, our intelligence community warned that ``Moscow will  apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered  [[Page S2702]]  campaign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to influence future  efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election  processes.''   That was more than 2 years ago. Today, thanks to the work of Special  Counsel Robert Mueller, we now have a more thorough understanding of  Russia's interference in 2016. While much remains redacted, the special  counsel's report describes in painstaking detail the scope of Russia's  interference and the sophistication of their tactics.   Here is what we know.   First, Russian officials interfered in the U.S. Presidential election  in support of Putin's preferred candidate and attempted to make inroads  with his campaign.    Second, the Russian Government and individuals with strong ties to  the Kremlin carried out what Mueller concluded was a ``sweeping and  systematic'' campaign to influence and sway the support of U.S. voters.   Third, the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency, or known by  its acronym IRA, sought to use social media and embedded employees to  influence U.S. voters in an effort that was funded in large part by an  oligarch with known links to Putin. The IRA's malign social media  influence campaign was nothing short of, in his words, ``information  warfare.''   The Internet Research Agency employees created fake social media  personas and posed as American citizens on sites like Facebook and  Twitter. These Russian operatives were keenly aware of the politics of  division. They capitalized on sensitive social and political issues,  from immigration policy to police brutality, in an effort to divide  Americans against each other.   They targeted voters in key swing States in an effort to dissuade  certain demographics from turning out on election day. They staged real  political rallies by masquerading as activists, and they destroyed  evidence in an attempt to avoid detection and impede U.S.  investigations.   Fourth, the Mueller report confirms that Russian military  intelligence deployed ``multiple'' units to engage in ``large-scale  cyber operations to interfere with the 2016 U.S. presidential  election.''   Officers with the GRU, Russia's intelligence agency, hacked into  Democratic campaign networks and individual email accounts in order to  steal emails and other sensitive information. Armed with those stolen  emails, GRU officers timed the release of damaging information in order  to maximize their impact. Subsequent releases were conspicuously timed  in an apparent effort to help their preferred candidate.   Russian hackers also conducted cyber surveillance of at least 20  State election systems, and the Kremlin intended to use this  information to cast doubt on the legitimacy of a Clinton victory.   This revelation should shake us to the core because, clearly,  President Putin understands that for our democracy to work, the  American people must have faith in the results of our elections. Chip  away at that faith, and you chip away at our democracy itself.   Russian intelligence operatives, GRU operatives, also targeted  employees of a voting technology company and successfully installed  malware on their computer networks.   In a handful of States, they gained the capacity to actually  manipulate and even delete voter registration data. To top it all off,  Russian hackers successfully infiltrated the network of at least one  county government in Florida.   Finally, following the election, Putin unleashed handpicked oligarchs  to push back against anticipated U.S. sanctions. Let's remember who  these Russian oligarchs are. They are billionaires handpicked by Putin  who solidified his grip on power not only by oppressing the Russian  people but also by systematically seizing their assets and transferring  them to a select group of cronies and allies through business dealings,  real estate transactions, shares of companies, shell corporations,  money laundering, and more.   These oligarchs act as an extension of Putin's power. They advance  Russia's economic influence and do Putin's bidding around the world.  According to the Mueller report, that is exactly what they did after  the 2016 election.   They reached out to the President's inner circle and members of his  transition team to begin laying the groundwork for what Putin wanted in  return for his help during the campaign--most prominently, protection  from further sanctions and relaxation of those sanctions imposed for  Russia's illegal invasion of Ukraine.   This short summary of the Mueller report's findings should be  offensive to any American elected official. This short summary should  spur anyone to action to shore up the security of our elections at home  and counter Russian aggression abroad.   Indeed, just last week, FBI Director Wray warned that Russia  continues to pose a very significant counterintelligence threat. He  also said that 2018 was a dress rehearsal for the big show in 2020.   This report cries out for action. It screams for legislation, and it  demands preparation in advance of 2020.   We are in trouble, people. We can argue with each other, we can score  political points against each other, but the United States of America  remains in Russia's crosshairs, and we must act. Putin has set his  sights on us again in 2020.   The Russian Government continues to pursue the eroding of democracy  as we speak across Europe. It has partnered with dictators and war  criminals in the Middle East. In Venezuela, Putin clearly sees an  advantage in prolonging a destabilizing conflict in our hemisphere. He  and his cronies are selling arms, striking oil deals, and robbing the  Venezuelan people of future prosperity all to prop up Maduro's criminal  regime.   So while President Trump may claim that ``Putin is not looking to get  involved'' in Venezuela, we already know he is.   The Mueller report is the wake-up call of the century. It is a  clarion call to action. We must treat it as a preview of what is to  come.   We already know some of the actions that are worth taking. Senator  Graham and I have a bipartisan bill called the Defending American  Security from Kremlin Aggression Act or DASKA. I have come to this  floor to talk about it again and again, but in the wake of the Mueller  report, I wonder, where is our sense of urgency? Where is our outrage?  Where is our sense of collective responsibility? If my colleagues take  nothing else from the Mueller report, they should at least be willing  and eager to respond to what Russia did to us 2 years ago and what FBI  Director Wray tells us they will continue to do.   The Defending American Security from Kremlin Aggression Act will  ensure our diplomats have the tools to advance our interests and stand  up to the bully in the Kremlin. The bill includes new sanctions but  also provisions designed to harden our democratic institutions and make  us less vulnerable to attack.   Our bill would improve our ability to coordinate with Europe on the  Russia challenge. It would invest in Democratic institutions in  countries most vulnerable to Kremlin aggression because we must  remember that Russia's attack in 2016 did not occur in a vacuum. It is  part of Putin's larger mission to disrupt democracies around the world  from his support for dictators from Syria and Venezuela to Russian  meddling in the political affairs of our European allies.   DASKA would also increase transparency with respect to real estate  sales in the United States that we know is a go-to strategy for Russian  oligarchs looking to launder money.   I know many of my colleagues have no interest in learning more about  the President's own business dealings with these unsavory figures and  whether those relationships influence his decision making about U.S.  foreign policy, but we should agree, at least, that we must do more to  prevent Russia from getting American businesses and leaders financially  entangled in Russia's tentacles like the NRA.   DASKA would also protect our NATO alliance. Senator Graham and I have  included an important provision that would prevent any President from  pulling the United States out of NATO without Senate approval. To pull  our Nation out of a military alliance so vital to America's security  when we could have stopped it from happening would be a tragedy fit for  the ages. A Senate vote was required to get us into the North Atlantic  treaty, it should be required in any attempt to get us out.  [[Page S2703]]  This is critical to providing a sense of security and stability to our  allies in NATO.   Finally, DASKA also includes new sanctions pressure on Moscow,  including on Russian oligarchs complicit in the spread of Russia's  malign actions. In addition, it includes increased sanctions on  Russia's energy and financial sectors.   The bill has specific sanctions on the Russian shipbuilding sector to  the extent that Russia continues to interfere with the freedom of  navigation in the Kerch Strait or anywhere else and was complicit in  the November attack.   In the final analysis, we have a few peaceful tools of diplomacy to  address malign actors around the world: the court of international  public opinion, insofar as a government or a leader in question cares  about such things; our trade and aid as an inducement to behavior  change; then there is the denial of trade or aid or access to our  financial institutions, which we call sanctions.   President Putin is willing to use his military as a means of first  resort to advance his interests. We are not. Therefore, sanctions are  our tool of peaceful diplomacy. They are how we send the message and  how we seek to defend ourselves.   Now I must state that growing up in New Jersey, I learned that if you  didn't confront the bully in the schoolyard, his reign of terror would  never end. He would create a climate of fear. He would create a climate  of intimidation until you whacked him in the head with a 2 by 4, until  you said enough is enough, until you made clear that you and your  fellow students wouldn't accept that kind of behavior. If you didn't  stand up for yourself, the bully would press ahead.   Ladies and gentlemen, that is what we have in Vladimir Putin. He will  continue to push and push until he meets resistance, until he meets a 2  by 4. That is what we have in DASKA.   We have a responsibility in this body, a responsibility shared by all  100 Senators, to protect our national security and the integrity of our  democracy. It is our most solemn responsibility. Some may not care.  Some may think we have done enough to deal with the Russian threat, but  our intelligence experts disagree, Bob Mueller disagrees, FBI Director  Wray disagrees, and clearly those living under the threat of Kremlin  aggression in Eastern Europe disagree.   This body has come together before. I have seen it. We came together  in 2017 to pass the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions  Act, or CAATSA, but since then we have struggled to get this  administration to fully implement the law. Are we supposed to just  throw up our hands and say, ``Oh, well,'' and hope they will see the  light or are we supposed to demand nothing less than rigorous  enforcement and take legislative action if needed?   I stand firmly for the latter, and I hope a majority of my colleagues  will stand with me. It is long past time we send another message to the  world and, most importantly, to the Kremlin that the Senate is prepared  to defend American interests. We will not tolerate intrusions by a  hostile foreign power. We will not leave our democratic institutions  vulnerable to further interference. We will not allow any foreign  adversary to meddle in our democracy.   The breadth of Russian interference laid out by the Mueller report  demands the kind of comprehensive foreign policy response put forward  in DASKA. The American people deserve a markup and a full vote in the  Senate to make that happen.   I will just say, as the elected leaders of this country, we owe  Americans action. We owe them fulfillment of our oath. We owe them a  robust and unflinching defense of our democracy and our values. Enough  with the delays. Enough with the excuses. Enough with the politics.   We have legislation ready to bolster our defenses. We have strong  bipartisan support for it. Let's mark up the bill now. Let's send a  clear and unequivocal message to Putin that we will not tolerate a  repeat performance in 2020.   I would just say that this is not about President Trump. It is not  about the last election other than that they attempted to influence it  and that we should recognize and want to deal with it. But it is about  preserving our national security, our democracy, and our interest in  the world.   Putin is unbridled. This institution, Republicans and Democrats, have  always joined together to meet Russia's challenge when Russia posed a  challenge. The party of Reagan is absent. The party of Reagan is absent  on this. If this had been going on during the Obama administration, I  would have been peeling people off of the Capitol ceiling.   Let's get to work. Let's defend our interests. Let's stand up  together. Let's send Putin a message. Let's defend our democracy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   