 Madam President, November 16 was the 10th anniversary of  the tragic death of Sergei Magnitsky.  [[Page S6703]]    Sergei Magnitsky was a Moscow-based lawyer who represented an  investment company, known as Hermitage Capital, whose American-born  founder was Bill Browder. In the course of Mr. Magnitsky's  representation of his client, he discovered a major tax fraud issue-- $230 million of taxpayer moneys being funneled through shell companies  with business ties to President Putin. Mr. Magnitsky did what any good  lawyer would do in discovering corruption and reported it to the local  authorities. As a result, he was arrested and tortured. Ultimately, he  died in prison. He was in prison for nearly a year without having a  trial.   Unfortunately, this is not a unique circumstance in Russia, but we in  the global community decided that we could not let this injustice go  without taking action. Those responsible needed to be held accountable.  Yet, in Russia, those responsible for this tragedy were promoted and  received awards.   So there needs to be accountability for those who violate basic human  rights and their government will not take action.   I first learned of the Magnitsky tragedy in my role as a member of  the Helsinki Commission. I was the chair and ranking Democrat on the  Helsinki Commission. The Helsinki Commission is the way we enforced the  Helsinki Final Act that was passed in 1975, and it adheres to basic  principles of human rights. It gives every member-signator of the  Helsinki Final Accords the right to challenge what is happening in  other states. Russia is a signator to the Helsinki Final Act. The  United States is a signator, and we raised the Magnitsky issue.   Then, working with the late Senator John McCain, I authored  legislation known as the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability  Act. It was enacted into law in 2012, and what it does is it says that  those who were participating in gross human rights violations in  Russia--related to what happened to Sergei Magnitsky--that those who  were responsible would not be allowed to visit the United States by  being granted visas or to use our banking system. Why was that so  important? Because these corrupt officials like to have their assets in  dollars, not rubles, and they like to visit the United States, and they  like their families to visit the United States.   What is unique about the Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act is  that Congress can initiate the executive branch taking up particular  names.   It is interesting--I have heard from many Russians who fully support  what we are doing. We are giving them an opportunity for their voices  to be heard.   Mr. Putin lobbied against its passage, but it passed Congress by an  overwhelming vote. To date, 54 individuals have been sanctioned under  the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012, and it has  been very effective. We have been told through press accounts that in  the summit meeting between Mr. Putin and President Trump, it was one of  the first subjects that Mr. Putin raised in regard to the Magnitsky  sanctions. And I must tell you, it provided U.S. leadership a way to  stand up and hold human rights abusers and corrupt individuals  accountable for their crimes. As a result of our action, other  countries acted--Canada acted; European countries acted--and we were  able to get much more effective use of this sanction against human  rights violators.   The Magnitsky legacy is not limited to Russia. Unfortunately, there  are powerful, corrupt, and dangerous human rights violators globally,  where countries do not hold these violators accountable for their  actions. So once again partnering with the late Senator John McCain, I  authored the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, which  was enacted in 2016, and we have used that act. We used it in Saudi  Arabia to deal with the tragic death of Jamal Khashoggi. Over 100  individuals have been sanctioned under Global Magnitsky, including  those in the DRC, Nicaragua, and Burma as result a result of the  Rohingya tragedies. Once again, U.S. leadership was there. As a result  of our action, we saw action in Canada, and we saw action in the  European Union.   As we commemorate the 10th anniversary of Sergei Magnitsky's tragic  death, let us recognize that Sergei's life and legacy have led to two  of the most significant human rights accountability laws that exist  today. Because of Sergei Magnitsky, the United States and many of our  allies now have the tools available to hold human rights abusers  accountable and to deter would-be perpetrators from committing such  crimes in the first place.   I urge my colleagues to continue to honor Sergei Magnitsky through  our actions. Let us stand by our values and continue to ensure the  protection and defense of human rights around the world.   I yield the floor.   