 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I want to correct the record about Dreamers, who they  are in the United States.   I represent central Orange County, home to the largest number of  Dreamers in the United States. I will talk a little bit about a few of  the Dreamers in my district.   The first one, Jose Angel Garibay, who lived in my district in Santa  Ana, enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. Jose was deployed to  Iraq, and in 2003 he was killed at the age of 21. Jose was the first  servicemember from Orange County to make the ultimate sacrifice.   Jose Angel Garibay, rest in peace.   Jose is a Dreamer.   Madam Speaker, I want to correct the record about the Dreamers, who  they are.   Police officer Germain Martinez Garcia grew up in southern Illinois.  As an intern, his hard work and positive attitude set him apart and  earned him a slot in the local academy. Germain Martinez Garcia is a  valued member of his team and his department. In the words of his  police chief: ``He is part of this community. He's a good citizen. He's  a good person. We need him.''   Germain Martinez, a Dreamer.   Madam Speaker, I want to correct the record about who Dreamers are.  They are lawyers.   Cesar Vargas grew up in Staten Island in New York. He has served our  Nation in the Army. After law school, Cesar passed the New York bar on  his first try in 2011. Then he applied for admission to the New York  bar, but due to his immigration status, he was denied. It would take  him 5 more years before Cesar became the first Dreamer admitted to the  New York State bar.   Cesar Vargas, he is a Dreamer.   Madam Speaker, I want to correct the record about Dreamers. They are  American soldiers.   John grew up in southern California. John joined the U.S. Army, and  on March 18 of last year, he shipped out to basic training. John wants  nothing more than to defend our country.   John is a warrior and a patriot. John is a Dreamer. John, U.S. Army.   Madam Speaker, I want to correct the record about Dreamers and who  they are: American soldiers.    James grew up in southern California. James enlisted in the United  States Army. James' goal is to protect the United States of America  because he loves this country. James needs DACA reform to ensure that  he can come home after being deployed to defend our Nation.   James is a Dreamer. James is part of the U.S. Army.   Madam Speaker, I want to correct the record about who Dreamers are.  They are Harvard graduates.   Gloria Montiel grew up in the heart of my district in Santa Ana.  Gloria is the first student from Santa Ana High School to be accepted  to Harvard. Gloria was the first undocumented student to receive a  master's degree from Harvard. Gloria was the first undocumented Ph.D.  candidate from Claremont Graduate University.   Gloria Montiel is a Dreamer.   