 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise for the swift passage of  bipartisan legislation I am leading with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand  known as the Never Forget the Heroes: Permanent Authorization of the  September 11th Victim Compensation Fund Act.   I will never forget the images of the brave men and women running  into danger to save lives during the September 11 terrorist attacks. I  never had the privilege or honor of going to New York City prior to  September 11, 2001, but I will never forget my first visit after  September 11, 2001, going to Ground Zero, watching the firetrucks, with  their flag, heading to Ground Zero to continue to work, and now that  has become absolutely emblazoned in the minds of the people of this  country.   The work they did wasn't just for those in Manhattan who suffered  incredible loss but the work they carried forth for our country--they  became symbols of our security, symbols of our freedoms, symbols of our  country's willingness, effort, and tenacity to fight back.   This legislation would ensure that all 9/11 first responders and  survivors who have been injured by the toxins at Ground Zero would  receive their full compensation through the September 11th Victim  Compensation Fund now and into the future as more and more become ill  with 9/11-related cancers.   When I visited Ground Zero, I will never forget that smell--a  burning, acrid odor. These men and women didn't just visit it once but  time and again to carry out the cleanup of Ground Zero. Unfortunately,  thousands of first responders and survivors, including many who reside  in my home State of Colorado, now suffer from illnesses and diseases  from the toxins they inhaled day after day during the recovery efforts  at Ground Zero.   It is unacceptable for this Congress to fail these heroes and their  families. It is unacceptable to fail the families and heroes of  September 11. There is no time to waste as Congress debates this issue.  More and more people are becoming ill, more and more people are  suffering. Today people such as Lou Alvarez came to Washington, DC,  postponing a chemotherapy treatment to advocate for his fellow heroes.   The fund expires at the end of this year if we do not act. These men  and women have already been forced to reduce their compensation. We  have seen a reduction of their compensation for 9/11 first responders  due to the impending insolvency.   Jon Stewart, a longtime advocate for the 9/11 responders, testified  today before the House Judiciary Committee, expressing the urgency of  making sure these first responders receive the care they deserve. He  testified before members of the committee in the House about the need  to act now because time is of the essence. He said that these men and  women ``responded in 5 seconds. They did their jobs, with courage,  grace, tenacity, humility . . . 18 years later'' it is time for  Congress to do its job.   That is what I hope my colleagues will do--our job. Pass this  important bipartisan legislation, recognizing the service and the  sacrifice of these great heroes of 9/11.   Tomorrow the House companion legislation will be marked up in the  Judiciary Committee. Congress must do the right thing. The Senate must  do our job, and it must act on this legislation. I urge my colleagues  to join this legislation to cosponsor the bill, to support this effort,  and to support the effort in the House and Senate to swiftly pass this  legislation to ensure these heroes receive the care they need and  deserve.   We didn't know what was going to happen on September 11, but for the  thousands of people involved at Ground Zero, we know what will happen  if Congress fails to act. It is unacceptable.  [[Page S3309]]  That is why I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation, to  do the right thing and stand up for their fellow heroes who served our  country so well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   