 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as the world knows by now, tonight  President Trump will deliver his delayed State of the Union Message.   This is a tradition that, of course, dates back to the Constitution,  but the Constitution is ambiguous or unclear or actually doesn't say  exactly how that annual message should be delivered. We know that  George Washington, for example, delivered his annual message in 1790 at  the Federal Hall of New York City, which was the temporary seat of the  Federal Government at the time. Although John Adams delivered an in- person address, the tradition didn't last very long. Our third  President, Thomas Jefferson, chose to deliver the message in writing, a  practice that lasted for nearly a century--that is, until President  Woodrow Wilson chose to speak to the Congress in 1913.   According to the Washington Post, people were outraged at this breach  of tradition, which maybe speaks to how hard change is in Washington,  DC.   The paper wrote ``All official Washington was agape last night over  the decision of the President to go back to the long-abandoned  custom.''   Coming face-to-face with Members of Congress was President Wilson's  attempt to bring about a closer intimacy between the Congress and the  Chief Executive, and I am glad this time the tradition has stuck. I  know there are those who disagree, and perhaps that has to do with the  endless wave of standing ovations that Congress gives that punctuates  the modern speech, which I could do with less of.   The State of the Union Message also serves another important purpose,  and that is the President's ability to speak not only to the Members of  Congress but over the heads of Congress and directly to the American  people. This address is carried live on every network and streamed  across social media platforms.   We are all waiting to hear what the President has to say,  particularly during these polarized and unusual times. This is a time  to reflect on the great work that has been done in the last couple of  years to help move our country in a positive direction. Unfortunately,  given the propensity of the media to focus on conflict and not on  accomplishment that is credited to bipartisan efforts, most of the  American people probably aren't aware or need to be reminded of what  has actually happened the last 2 years, and I hope the President will  reflect on that.   President Trump took office in January 2017, and Congress has passed  legislation since that time to improve nearly every aspect of society.  No one stands out greater than the economy.   I remember that during the Barack Obama administration, particularly  after the great recession of 2008, we were told that 2 percent growth  was the new normal, even though for the last previous 25 years that was  definitely subnormal. Annual growth rates were more often in the 3.5 to  4 percent range.   Now we know that the American economy has gotten its groove back and  people are optimistic and confident. They reacted in large part to the  increase in take-home pay they see in their paychecks and the fact that  many businesses, large and small, have chosen to reinvest in their  people by raising wages, improving benefits, or providing a bonus.   I hope that we hear from President Trump more about this tonight  because this has been nothing less than a miracle. You can undoubtedly  trace it back to the landmark tax reform bill we passed over a year  ago.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act sought to solve a problem that had  befuddled Congress for many years, whether they be Republicans or  Democrats. The question was, How do we fix this outdated, archaic, and  overly complicated Tax Code?   When President Trump signed this bill into law, it marked the first  major overhaul of our Tax Code in 31 years. Our reforms lowered rates  all across the board, doubled the child tax credit, and incentivized  U.S. businesses with earnings abroad to bring that money back home and  work here in America for the American people. We quickly saw a steady  stream of headlines about businesses, big and small, announcing, as I  indicated earlier, bonuses, pay raises, new jobs, and other investments  in their employees.   In the months that followed the law's enactment, I have met with a  number of employers throughout Texas to see how the new tax law has  changed their way of doing business.   In Corpus Christi, for example, I visited with a seafood  distributorship company called Groomers Seafood. They gave their  employees a bonus and increased their wages after the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act became law.   In Houston, at Southland Hardware, a quaint neighborhood hardware  store whose tagline is ``the store that has `almost' everything,'' they  were able to provide bonuses and raises for their staff, as well as  hire a new employee and do improvements to their store.   In Austin, I visited with the owner of Wally's Burger Express. He  told me he is using the savings from tax reform to expand his business  and create new jobs.   It is clear to me that businesses across the country have felt the  same way as these owners of small businesses did in Texas, and it  didn't take long for Americans to begin to feel the benefit.   I have heard from countless of my constituents about the impact this  legislation has had on their daily lives, and it is all for the better.  One of them was a gentleman from Arlington, TX, named David. David  wrote to me to say that the company where he is employed increased the  hours people were able to work. Christmas bonuses increased, too, and  the company hired more people, bought new machines, and made long- overdue repairs to their building. Now with these changes in place,  David says the guys down on the shop floor are taking home a little bit  more money each week in their paychecks. He said: ``All of this adds up  and makes a huge difference in the lives of the guys on the shop  floor.''   The impact also extends to retirees across the country. One of my  constituents from Midland, TX, named Glenda reached out to me about how  the tax reform bill changed her life. She wrote to me to say that she  has been retired since 2013, which, she reminded me, means that she has  a fixed income with no possibility of pay raises or year-end bonuses,  but that doesn't mean she is not grateful. She said that the reduction  in income taxes to her feels like a raise.   Because of this legislation, middle-class Americans are living more  comfortably and the economy is booming. If you don't believe me, just  look at the numbers. Since this legislation was passed, 3 million new  jobs have been added in our country, wages are on the  [[Page S846]]  rise, and unemployment has hit a 50-year low. I read the other day that  because of tight labor conditions, people with disabilities are  reentering the workforce, and we have seen the lowest level of Hispanic  and African-American unemployment ever.   This revitalization of the economy has led to big benefits on Main  Street and in the homes of average Americans. America has regained its  status as an economic powerhouse once again, and we are going to keep  these successes going.   So looking back on the last 2 years, there are countless  accomplishments I am proud of, but certainly reforming the Tax Code for  the first time in 31 years stands out near the top of the list.   I should also mention that we confirmed 85 Federal judges, including  two incredibly qualified Supreme Court Justices. This all comes despite  the unprecedented obstruction we have seen from Senate Democrats to  slow down or block the process. We still have a number of judicial  vacancies to fill in this Congress, many of them in Texas and many of  whom were just renominated. I hope we can move quickly to vote on these  nominations--these good men and women who offered to serve the public  as Federal judges.   Under this administration we have taken some positive bipartisan  efforts, such as combatting the opioid epidemic, which plagues nearly  every community in the America. We supported pay raises for our  military and authorized additional resources for their equipment and  training. We promoted public safety with the passage of bills to stop  or deter school violence. We have given farmers and ranchers the  certainty they need when we passed the critical farm bill. We supported  better career training and education for American workers. And that is  just the beginning.   This administration, in working with the Congress, has delivered real  changes for the American people. I am ready to keep those changes and  improvements moving forward, so I am eager to hear what the President  has to say tonight on everything we have accomplished together and for  him to outline his priorities for the coming year.   With the Democrats' gaining control of the House, though, I expect  the President to ask about the importance of working on a bipartisan  basis. Speaker Pelosi has a fundamental choice: Is she going to work  with the Republicans in the Senate and the President to do good things  for the American people or is she simply going to oppose anything and  everything President Trump proposes--given the fact that the 35-day  shutdown represents not an effort to find middle ground and negotiate a  sensible outcome but rather one of political point-scoring, of trying  to determine who is the winner and loser in any particular battle no  matter what the collateral damage may be?   I hope our colleagues in the House and, I hope, all of our colleagues  in the Senate will look at trying to continue this record of  accomplishment for the American people and will commit to working in  good faith to keep that progress moving.   Under this administration, our government has taken major steps to  strengthen our economy and to make changes that benefit the American  people. I am proud of what we have been able to accomplish. I am not  focused on the frustrations that plague us every day; I am focused on  the positives we have been able to do, and I hope we can keep it going.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   