 Mr. President, first of all, I thank my colleagues for  voting yes on the motion to proceed so we can start our work on what I  consider to be the most significant bill of the year and we can do  these things in earnest.   I think this will be the 59th NDAA for 59 consecutive years. We are  pretty sure it is going to go ahead and pass. As we start the process  of considering  [[Page S4470]]  amendments, I hope we can have an open amendment process.   I know I speak on behalf of myself and Senator Reed. We have been  wanting to do this for a long period of time.   While we are debating this bill, I encourage my colleagues to come to  the floor and share why the NDAA is important to their States and to  national security.   Here is one reason why. We are at a really crucial junction in our  military. Our world keeps growing more unstable and less safe. Our  military is, frankly, in a crisis. I think we are all aware of that.  The NDAA is going to set the tone for our defense strategy not just  this year but well into the future.   It is a message to our servicemembers, their families, and the world.  Are we going to show Russia and China that we mean business? Are we  going to help our military continue to rebuild? Are we going to give  our All-Volunteer Force the equipment, training, and housing they need  to do their job? That is why this bill provides a total of $750 billion  in defense spending. It is what we call the defense top line. It is the  minimum we need to restore the longstanding military's strength that we  have seemingly lost.   That is why this bill provides for it, and that is why the bottom  line and the top line is the same thing. We have real growth in the  defense budget each year. We have decided on this, technically, based  on two sources, from the military before our committees and then, of  course, the Commission report that says that in order to get our  military back, we are going to have to have a net increase of 3 to 5  percent, and that is what this $750 billion will do.   This is also a direct recommendation from our military leadership;  that $750 billion is the bare minimum we need to get to that goal. The  committee has heard the same refrain from every service leader at  posture hearings this year; that stable, ontime, adequate funding is  their No. 1 priority.   So the best thing we can do for our troops, it seems pretty clear to  me, is that this should be our priority too. An important part of the  whole equation is that we are spending this money responsibly. This is  an across-the-board increase. The NDAA makes tough decisions to put  funding where it was most needed and makes cuts in other places.   We direct this funding to critical, bipartisan priorities: a pay  increase for our troops, the largest in a decade; rebuilding a right- sized force with the newest, most capable aircraft, ships, and  equipment in the world; and modernizing our nuclear arsenal so it is  strong and safe.   During the last 5 years of the Obama administration, the amount of  money we had to run our military was reduced by almost 25 percent. That  was extremely harmful to our readiness and to our troop morale.   Thanks to the Trump administration, that trajectory is changing. In  fiscal year 2018, we increased funding back up to $700 billion, the  largest year-over-year increase since the beginning of the War on  Terror.   In fiscal year 2019, we increased it again to $716 billion and got  that funding out the door on time. This was really meaningful for our  military, and I hope we can do it again this year.   I commend Majority Leader McConnell and my colleagues who are still  fighting for a budget deal. We have to raise the defense cap or exempt  defense from the caps to give the military what they need to fight and  win. We are on a path to recovery in our readiness rates. We are  helping the military keep up with China and Russia. It is a different  situation than we have ever been in before. We have severe competitors  out there.   Let me conclude that we are on our way right now. This is a major  step. I want to also say, in working with Senator Reed, we have been  together much more than we have been apart. We have been staying on top  of this thing, and our combined tenacity has resulted in getting a bill  done.   With that, I yield the floor.   