 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Virginia and I  thank the Senator from New Hampshire for their great leadership on this  issue.   Just talking about SNAP very briefly, 50 percent of all children in  the United States, at some point in their lives, are going to be on  SNAP, are going to need some help to eat so they can avoid hunger--50  percent of all children. So we are playing games with the program that  is central to the lives of millions of families across this country,  and we are playing out this entire drama in an all-too-familiar scene.   For the third time in just 2 years of the Trump Presidency, we are  once more in the midst of a government shutdown. It is important to  remember how we got here.   In December, the Senate majority leader brought to the floor a  temporary funding bill to keep the Federal Government open. It passed  this Chamber unanimously. Everyone--all 100 Senators at the time-- agreed that, at the very least, it was important to keep the government  open while we debate the issue of border security and immigration  reform.   So why on Earth is the government shut down? Well, simply because  President Trump has decided to hold the government hostage because he  didn't get funding for a costly, ineffective wall. Shutting down the  government over billions of dollars for a wall is like canceling the  World Series because your team didn't make it.   At nearly 3 weeks into the Trump shutdown, we can track and see the  devastating effects of the President's hostage-taking. Some 800,000  Federal employees are going without pay, and the longer this goes on,  the more their worries mount. Mortgages, student loan payments, car  payments, heating bills, food on the table--President Trump may operate  from crisis to crisis, but countless American families are living  paycheck to paycheck.   I have heard from many of the individuals and families who are part  of the approximately 7,800 Federal workers across Massachusetts, and  they are rightfully anxious about how they will make ends meet. Twenty- two percent of Federal employees in Massachusetts are veterans--22  percent. So how does Donald Trump repay thousands of individuals who  have served and sacrificed for their country? By not paying them.   Let's be clear about who these workers are. They are janitors,  cafeteria workers, secretaries, security guards. WORK, Incorporated, is  the largest employer of individuals with disabilities in New England  under the Federal AbilityOne Program. It employs hundreds of  individuals with significant disabilities who work across Federal  facilities in the region, but because of the Trump shutdown, they  aren't going to work. If they are not working, they are not being paid,  and they are not  [[Page S57]]  providing the critical services which are needed for families in New  England and across the whole country.   We have gone from Mexico paying for the border wall to Americans  going without pay. That is how absurd the President is being in terms  of who ultimately winds up paying the price for his campaign promises.   What is more, the Trump shutdown reaches beyond workers and empty  paychecks.   The shutdown of the Environmental Protection Agency means almost all  of the 516 employees in EPA region 1, which includes New England, have  been furloughed. That has halted cleanup of rivers and other  brownfields all across our region. It endangers the water, the air, all  of the work that is done to protect the 13 million people who live in  New England.   It means the Federal investigation into the deadly September 13  natural gas explosions and fires in Merrimack Valley is suspended and  residents are left waiting for answers. The Trump shutdown is shutting  down justice for the residents of Lawrence and Andover and North  Andover because that investigation is now suspended.   We are heading for absolute catastrophe if the shutdown stretches on  much longer as millions of vulnerable, low-income Americans relying on  the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program--or SNAP--may have had  their benefits cut severely. That is going to put 764,000 of the  poorest Massachusetts residents at risk of hunger.   President Trump may think it is OK to furlough workers, but he can't  furlough hunger, he can't furlough dirty drinking water, he can't  furlough pipeline accidents. We need an open government to prevent  these things from happening.   In just a few hours, we will hear from the President. He will go on  TV tonight and present a fear and hate-ridden case about a manufactured  national security emergency at our border.   The irony is, the longer President Trump extends this government  shutdown, the more insecure and unsafe American families become because  Federal workers aren't there to protect them against the things that  they work every day to ensure that each and every family in our country  are spared from--the pain that otherwise would be inflicted.   So the Department of Homeland Security is one of the agencies the  President has shut down. An outsized number of Transportation Security  Agency screeners and agents who screen and apprehend dangerous suspects  at airports are calling in sick rather than work without pay. Some have  even quit.   Sadly, our own American President is the architect of this crisis.  The truth is, there are more Americans today going without their  paycheck than immigrants who illegally crossed the southern border in  the past 2 years.   Trump has completely manufactured this emergency, but there is an  impending one if this Trump shutdown continues and Americans are left  without government services. So let's end this.   To my Republican colleagues, let's pass the bipartisan legislation to  reopen the government. You supported it before; support it again. Raise  your voices. Let's put people back to work, and let's provide certainty  for the American public.   Once again, I thank Senator Kaine and Senator Shaheen for their  leadership in organizing this very important colloquy.   I yield back.   