 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I thank my colleague from New Hampshire, Representative  Kuster, for offering this legislation that will safeguard healthcare  protections for the 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions.   The amendment I am offering today would ensure that we don't take any  steps backward in our fight against this Nation's opioid epidemic.   For people in my home State of New Hampshire, the Affordable Care Act  is a lifesaving law. It is the best tool we have to combat the opioid  crisis. As I travel around my district, I hear heartbreaking stories of  those lost and those still fighting hard.   I also hear from constituents who, on a regular basis, can't fathom  where they would be without coverage for their substance use disorder.   I am here today on behalf of constituents like Phil Spagnuolo from  Laconia. As Phil fought to recover from substance use disorder, he took  comfort in knowing that he could rely on coverage that was affordable  and accessible to him in the midst of the greatest medical challenge of  his life.   Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Phil has gone from jail to  treatment and recovery to serving as a leader in the recovery  community, coaching and advocating for those grappling with addiction.   New Hampshire is incredibly proud of his story and his example, and  it is all made possible because of the ACA and its basic protections.   The collective impact of substance use disorder coverage has expanded  treatment and recovery opportunities in New Hampshire and across the  country.   Unfortunately, far too many still do not access this kind of  lifesaving care. We still lose 130 Americans each and every day in  their battle with opioid addiction.   The scope of this crisis is simply immense. No region, no community,  no family has been spared.   Despite the alarming statistics, the administration issued guidance  that would allow insurance companies to discriminate against Americans  with preexisting conditions, including the 19.7 million Americans like  Phil with a history of substance use.   That is why I am offering this amendment today, to strengthen the  underlying legislation and prohibit any further actions to reduce the  availability or affordability of coverage for those battling substance  use disorder.   We should be working together to open the doors to those most in  need, not shutting them because of politics.   I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time, Madam Chair.    Madam Chair, I am willing to close if the gentleman from  Oregon is, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, this is a critical issue. This is an  important piece of legislation. I, for one, don't trust this  administration to get it right.   They have tried every trick in the book they can to repeal the  Affordable Care Act outright legislatively and to undermine it  administratively. They have gone to the courts to take away critical  protections from Americans who need them most. I, for one, am not going  to stand for it.   The people of New Hampshire and of this country, we are ensuring that  we get this right for them. It is very critical for those suffering  from substance use disorder that we ensure those important protections  remain on the books so that people can access care.   There is no more important tool in our toolbox than ensuring that  people have health insurance to take care of their substance use  disorder. That is why I brought forward this amendment today.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   