 Mr. President, thank you for the recognition today.   I rise today for the people. I am glad to be joined by Senator  Merkley. We have worked a long time together on  [[Page S1713]]  government reform issues, campaign finance reform, and rules reform-- some very, very important issues that face the country.   Today, in this country, there is a deep disconnect between what the  American people are demanding from their leaders and what the President  and the Congress have been giving them. Poll after poll shows that the  American people want affordable healthcare. Yet the Republican  leadership and this President have tried time and again to take away  healthcare rights and healthcare protections.   Poll after poll shows that the American people want good-paying jobs.  Yet the Republican leadership and this President gave a massive tax-cut  windfall to the wealthiest individuals and the biggest corporations.   Poll after poll shows that the American people want clean air and  clean water. They want Congress to tackle climate change. They want to  protect our public lands. Yet for years the Republican leadership has  done the opposite, and the Trump administration is dismantling  environmental protections and sabotaging our efforts to fight climate  change.   Poll after poll shows that the American people support commonsense  gun safety laws. Yet for decades the Republican leadership has refused  to take any action whatsoever on even the most basic safety laws, like  universal background checks.   Poll after poll shows that the American people want Dreamers to stay  in our country. They don't want children separated from their parents.  They want comprehensive immigration reform to fix our broken system.  Yet the Republican leadership has opposed these priorities for many  years, and now this President moves forward with his divisive and  hateful immigration policies.   It is no wonder that trust in government is so low. According to a  recent survey, just 19 percent overall trust the government to do what  is right. Famously, root canals have a higher approval rating than  Congress.   We are a representative democracy. Yet the people are not being  represented. Their will has been stymied.   The situation has gotten dramatically worse under this President.  There is no doubt about that. But these problems precede this  President, and they will live much longer than his time in office  unless we act.   To put it bluntly, some of our most basic, democratic institutions  are broken--our voting rights system, our campaign finance system, and  our ethics rules.   The American people know in their gut that this system is rigged.  That is why the drug companies get what they want, and people pay  through the nose. That is why the millionaires and billionaires get  more tax cuts, and the working people get left behind. That is why the  polluters get off scot-free, and the rest of us get dirty air and  contaminated water.   Unrigging this system requires reform--real reform--so that we bring  power back to the everyday Americans and out of the hands of the  special moneyed interests that rule Washington.   Let's talk about how we do that. For years, I have stood with others  in this Chamber to call for a constitutional amendment to overturn  Citizens United, for an independent, nonpartisan drawing of House  districts, and for closing the revolving door in Washington.   In the past, some Senate Republicans were independent of their  leadership and supported these ideas. The President had even promised  to ``drain the swamp.'' As we all know by now, unfortunately, that  promise was empty.   But with the change in leadership in the House of Representatives,  Congress is now making progress to enact the reforms that the American  people want.   The House will soon pass H.R. 1, the For the People Act--a major  reform package to fix our broken system. It will be up to the Senate to  follow suit.   Next week, my Senate colleagues and I will introduce our own ``For  the People Act''--a comprehensive set of reforms to move this effort  forward. I hope we will have bipartisan support, but I was disappointed  to hear the Republican leader deride this essential reform bill as  ``the Democrat Politician Protection Act.''   This is not only a warped political comment, but it is also cynical  and totally misses the point, especially when you consider that the  American people overwhelmingly--across party lines--support these kinds  of reforms. It is the special interests who oppose them because they  are threatened by them.   If the Republican leader feels the same way about this bill as the  special interests do, perhaps the bill is not the problem.   Every Member of the Senate will have a choice. Do they support  reform, where our ideas and policies can compete on a level playing  field, or do they choose to side with the special interests to do their  bidding in return for their protection and money during election  season?    I have known plenty of Americans who oppose this system. John McCain  was one of them. Senator Alan Simpson is another. Senator Cochran was a  cosponsor of my constitutional amendment.   No party has to side with the big money and special interests. It is  a choice. It is a choice we must make together to return our democracy  to the people and to rid our system of corruption.   This bill will do just that. It will make it easier, not harder, to  vote. It will bring an end to the dominance of big money and politics,  and it will ensure that politicians actually serve the public  interests.   First, on voting rights, for 50 years the Voting Rights Act of 1965  has stood as a bulwark against voter suppression practices and  enfranchised millions of voters, but in 2013 the Supreme Court  eviscerated it in its Shelby County v. Holder decision, unleashing a  torrent of State laws designed to suppress the vote among minorities.   The Court's 5-to-4 decision rendered the Voting rights Act's  preclearance provisions ineffective and cleared the way for States to  engage in voter suppression. Since Shelby, nearly 1,000 polling places  have been closed across the country, many in southern Black  communities. Voter ID laws have been tightened, and early voting has  been slashed. Voter rolls have been purged, and House districts have  been redrawn to dilute the minority vote.   One of the many egregious examples is North Carolina. Less than 2  months after Shelby, that State enacted far-reaching voter suppression  requirements. North Carolina's law was struck down by a Federal court  of appeals, finding that the law targeted African Americans ``with  almost surgical precision.''   Just this last midterm, we saw voter suppression tactics surge. For  instance, in North Dakota, the State legislature passed a law right  before the November election that took aim squarely at the Native vote.  The law required voter IDs to list physical addresses--an impossibility  for many Native American voters living on reservations. A Federal court  found that 5,000 Native American voters did not have the necessary  identification.   We have no choice but to respond and to restore the Voting Rights Act  so States are stopped from closing off the franchise. That must also  include the Native American Voting Rights Act to address voter  suppression tactics in Indian Country and to make sure the Native vote  is counted, not discounted.   Bills to restore lost voting rights protections have been introduced  in both Chambers. I hope the Senate majority will work in a bipartisan  way to restore this landmark legislation.   We should make it easier for voters to register, not harder. In a  healthy democracy, automatic voter registration, online voter  registration, and same-day voter registration for eligible voters would  be noncontroversial.   Voting should be easy. Too often, for too many, it is hard. It is our  duty to fix that, and this bill will do that.   Extreme political gerrymandering continues to skew State and  congressional elections. Results from legislative races don't reflect  the proportion of each party's voters. Voters should choose their  representatives, not the other way around.   Congress must direct nonpartisan, independent line drawing in each  State to draw congressional districts, and congressional districts must  fairly reflect States' racial compositions so our representative  government truly represents the electorate.   There is no other way to put it. Our campaign finance system is  broken. The Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens  [[Page S1714]]  United decision opened the floodgates for unlimited contributions and  dark money, and this Congress's negligence has allowed the flood to  drown out regular people's voices.   Super PACs can raise and spend unlimited amounts of money on  candidates. The super wealthy can and do try to buy elections. Dark  money groups can receive unlimited amounts of money from big  corporations and wealthy individuals, spend their unlimited sums to  influence elections, and never disclose their dollars or what they  wanted in return for their investment.   There was $1.4 billion spent on the last Presidential race in 2016.  This midterm's outside expenditures topped a billion dollars. The  system is rigged right before our eyes.   How do we reverse course and return elections to the American people?  For starters, Congress needs to shine a light on the dark money and  require realtime disclosure, close loopholes that allow for foreign  money, and create a small donor, public matching fund system for  everyday contributions. Most critically, we must overturn Citizens  United and related decisions. A Supreme Court that equates big money  with speech puts campaigns for sale to the highest bidder.   Once again, I will offer an amendment to the Constitution to overturn  Citizens United, as I have since 2016. Congress has a long way to go to  push our popularity above a root canal and to restore the public's  confidence.   We also need comprehensive ethics reform. Elected officials and  public servants should not reap huge personal profit from their public  positions. We need to tighten the revolving door. We need to tighten  lobbying disclosure laws, and we must require Presidential and Vice  Presidential candidates to disclose their tax returns.   Beyond that, Presidents and Vice Presidents must divest of any and  all assets that create a conflict of interest. Candidate Trump promised  to disclose his tax returns. He didn't. He then promised to disclose  them after an alleged audit. He hasn't. That is unacceptable.   We know the President has business and financial ties with Russia and  Saudi Arabia, and this may well explain his strange closeness with  Vladimir Putin and Muhammed bin Salman. Transparency and divestiture  are the only ways to avoid conflicts of interest and corruption. These  issues go to the heart of what it means to be an American.   Our democracy is supposed to exist by the will of the people and by  the consent of the governed. Congress has an amazing opportunity before  it. The House of Representatives is starting debate on its  comprehensive reform package. My colleagues and I will introduce our  legislation next week.   To Republicans around the country: Don't fall for the majority  leader's cynical name-calling. I know you love your democracy as much  as I do. This is not about protecting Democrats or Republicans; it is  about protecting Americans from a rigged system. Let us commit to work  together to pass reforms the American people hunger for.   I yield the floor.   