 Madam Chair, it is strange, because my  friends on the other side of the aisle are not interested in working on  anything together. They are only interested in giving tax cuts to the  top 1 percent and the big corporations, and they are interested in  privatizing everything. And a privatized justice system is the ultimate  injustice, and that is what forced arbitration is all about.   The FAIR Act would restore justice to millions of Americans.   We are a country of justice and fair play. When people cheat, we take  pride in holding them accountable before a jury in a court of law; but  forced arbitration clauses hidden in the fine print deprive victims of  their day in court before a jury of their peers.   Using forced arbitration, corporations force victims into secret  proceedings where the deck is stacked against them. Predictably, the  end result is the corporation wins, and the victim is deprived of  justice.   And because the proceeding is secret, the public never learns what  happened. We won't know which corporation tolerates a climate and a  culture of sexual harassment of its employees or which corporation  fraudulently overcharges its customers or which nursing home has a  sordid history of mistreating its patients.   For too long, people have been tricked by complicated legal jargon  hidden in take-it-or-leave-it contracts. People like Diana, from my  home State of Georgia.   Diana, after 5 years at Kay Jewelers, learned she was making less  than her more recently hired, less experienced male colleagues; but  because of her forced arbitration clause she was tricked into signing,  she couldn't get the backpay that she deserved. She is one of millions  of victims who have been denied justice because they unwittingly signed  away their right to take a wrongdoer to court.   It is not fair and it is not right. If you believe in consumer  rights, then you should support the FAIR Act.    Madam Chair, if you believe in consumer  rights, then you should support the FAIR Act; and if you believe in  justice and the rule of law, then you should vote to pass the FAIR Act.   Madam Chair, I want to thank my colleagues who have worked so hard to  support this bill--Congressman Cartwright, Congressman Cicilline,  Congressman Raskin, Congresswoman Jayapal, and, last but not least,  Chairman Nadler--for their work in getting this bill to the brink of  passage today.   