 Mr. Speaker, when I saw the President's comments over  the weekend, my first thought was, my politics may not always be the  same as the Congresswomen he was attacking; but all of us are  Americans. And unlike most of them, I was actually born in a foreign  country.   I took the oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United  States when I was 10 years old, with my mom, when I was sworn in to be  a citizen 5 years after we came here from Poland.   Does the President think I should go back because I am an immigrant  who disagrees with his policies?   There are 44 million of us American citizens who were born somewhere  else, and we new Americans know what it means to be American because we  chose America. We know the alternative.   Many of us do come from broken countries, a communist country, in my  case, broken by communism and, in many cases, broken by leaders who did  just what we are condemning today, using race and religion to divide  people.   The President may be doing it cynically. He wants the drama. He wants  the reality show.    In my district, we have to deal with the reality that these words are  dangerous. Every synagogue in my district either has armed security or  is struggling with the question of whether to have it. Every mosque has  State Police coming to Friday prayers.   We know that the words the President uses to drive up his ratings can  be like sparks to the gasoline of disturbed minds in our country; that  the man who massacred Jews in Pittsburgh was obsessed with migrant  caravans and blamed Jews for helping refugees; that the man who  murdered Muslims in Christchurch, New Zealand, believed immigrants are  invaders who should go back to their country.   These fringe haters have always been with us. Never before have their  twisted thoughts been legitimized by the highest leaders in our land.   Yesterday, after the President's tweets, the neo-Nazi Daily Stormer  website gloated that this is the kind of white nationalism we voted  for.   Now, we have to decide, is this the kind of politics that we want in  our country?   Mr. Speaker, this resolution is not really about the President. We  know who he is. My Republican colleagues know who he is.   The question is--the only question left to us is, who are we? Because  this is not about him. This is about us.   Are we still the country of immigrants and of laws that every great  American leader, from Ben Franklin, to FDR, to John F. Kennedy, to  George Bush, believed in?   Do we still believe what Ronald Reagan said that: ``Americans lead  the world because, unique among nations, we draw our people, our  strength, from every country and every corner of the world;'' that new  Americans ``renew our pride and gratitude in the United States of  America, the greatest, freest Nation in the world''?   This is the choice that every Member of the House will have to make  tonight. Do we agree with President Reagan's hopeful, confident,  patriotic vision of America, or with President Trump's message of fear?   Mr. Speaker, Republicans and Democrats can afford to disagree about  many things in this House; but let us not be divided on decency to our  fellow Americans.   At this defining moment for our country and for this body, let us  come together to support this resolution.   