 Madam President, we have begun consideration of this  year's National Defense Authorization Act, which is annual legislation  to authorize funding for our military and national defense.   Like last year's bill, this year's National Defense Authorization Act  emphasizes military modernization and readiness and the need to ensure  that we are prepared to counter threats from great powers like China  and Russia, as well as terrorists and rogue states.   I am offering a handful of amendments to this legislation, including  an amendment to address training opportunities for our Nation's  military pilots and aircrews.   In my home State of South Dakota, we are privileged to play host to  Ellsworth Air Force Base, home of two B-1 bomb squadrons of the 28th  Bomb Wing, the airmen who are the backbone of operations, as well as  the 89th Attack Squadron and its control stations for MQ-9 Reapers. It  is also home to the Powder River Training Complex, training airspace  for Ellsworth aircrews and crews from across the United States. In the  very near future, Ellsworth will be the home of the forthcoming B-21  bomber.   When I was first elected to the Senate, Ellsworth's future was not  looking bright. In fact, in 2005, just a few months into my first term,  Ellsworth was targeted for closure by the Base Realignment and Closure  Commission. Fortunately, thanks to the efforts of a lot of dedicated  people, we managed to demonstrate to the Commission that Ellsworth was  a vital national security asset and that closing the base and moving  its fleet of B-1s would actually cost money.   Since then, strengthening Ellsworth has been a priority for me and  for a lot of other people back home in South Dakota, and Ellsworth has  been going from strength to strength.   One of my proudest achievements as a Senator was helping secure the  expansion of the Powder River Training Complex, the training airspace  over Ellsworth. The expansion quadrupled the size of the airspace. But  prior to the expansion, the airspace was only large enough for one B-1  bomber to train at a time, which meant crews had to commute elsewhere  to meet their training needs.   Today, the airspace is large enough to hold large-force training  exercises, involving a variety of planes from other bases. In fact, the  Powder River Training Complex is now the largest training airspace in  the continental United States. In addition to the vast space it offers  for training exercises, it also provides a valuable opportunity for  pilots to train in conditions that resemble combat missions, such as  low-altitude flying over mountainous terrain.   Since the Powder River Training Complex was expanded, Ellsworth has  hosted a number of successful large-force exercises. This May,  Ellsworth hosted its most recent Combat Raider large-force exercise,  which featured B-1, B-2, and B-52 bombers, J-STAR and AWACS radar  systems, F-16s, and KC-135 tankers. Notably, F-35s from Hill Air Force  Base in Utah also participated, marking the first of what I think will  be many training opportunities for the F-35 in the Powder River  Training Complex.   These Combat Raider exercises highlight the potential of the PRTC for  training our military aviators, and I want to make sure that we can  meet these training needs as we look to bring the B-21 into the fleet.  That is why I filed an amendment, Thune amendment No. 759, to require a  strategic airspace review.   My amendment would require a report on how far our current national  airspace system meets our national security requirements and how we  might improve this system to meet current and future training needs.   The Air Force and the Federal Aviation Administration would be  required to consult on this report to develop a full picture of the  strategic value of our national airspace.   The report would also analyze whether the current airspace system  gives the military sufficient access to the airspace it requires to  meet its worldwide operational, training, and testing needs.   In particular, it seeks to determine whether current civil and  military cooperation mechanisms are providing for the effective and  efficient management of the national airspace system for military  training. It also asks whether the current Department of Defense and  FAA processes provide sufficient time to plan for large-force  exercises.   For example, in the Powder River Training Complex, the Air Force  needs to go through a lengthy process to secure altitude waivers from  the FAA to fly higher on just a few days a year for just a few hours a  day. We absolutely need to have appropriate procedures to ensure safety  and coordination with commercial airlines, but the Air Force also needs  enough lead time to schedule its aircraft and airmen traveling from  other bases. We shouldn't be missing out on critical training  opportunities because of a lengthy process that is ripe for expediting.    So my amendment would take a look at this process, including whether  FAA air traffic control centers could temporarily or permanently  realign their boundaries to streamline their role in military training.   For example, the Powder River Training Complex straddles the  convergence of the Minneapolis, Denver, and Salt Lake City air traffic  control centers, and coordinating with all three can be cumbersome.  This report would explore whether we can make the process more  efficient for both the FAA and the military.   It would also review whether the current airspace system is  sufficient to prepare military aviators to meet high-end threats,  including fifth-generation aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles, and  hypersonic weapons.   It is important that we ensure that our airmen can train in realistic  conditions so they can deliver when America is counting on them the  most. Just as in sports, you play like you practice--although we all  know this isn't play, and the stakes for getting it right are very  high.   That is why my amendment would investigate whether current civil and  military cooperation mechanisms are sufficient for our military to  replicate contested combat airspace, denied access airspace, and  airspace without the use of GPS--the kinds of conditions aircrews would  likely encounter if they got the call to fight tonight.   My amendment also takes a step back to look at the state of our  national airspace system. It calls for an audit of special-use  airspaces, military operations areas, commercial routes, and other  routes, and it asks if parts of underutilized airspaces can be  effectively returned to the national airspace to boost commercial route  efficiencies in high-traffic areas in exchange for more generous  military training flight permissions in low-traffic areas.   Comparatively, we don't get as much commercial airline traffic up in  the Powder River Training Complex, creating a great opportunity for  fifth-generation aircraft to really stretch their legs and meet their  training needs.   I have talked a lot about our military's need to have the best  training opportunities available. However, I want to clarify that this  is not a one-sided amendment.  [[Page S4136]]    Our military goes to great lengths to respect commercial and general  aviation needs, and that is reflected in my amendment. First and  foremost, the FAA is consulted throughout the entire report process.  Additionally, the bill reviews whether commercial and general aviation  receive sufficient notice regarding exercises and special-use waivers,  and, as I mentioned, it looks for ways to make Department of Defense  and FAA interaction more efficient.   As a former chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee and a current  member of the Commerce Subcommittee on Aviation and Space, I know that  the management of the national airspace is complicated. My amendment  simply seeks to gather information so that we can take a productive  look at our national airspace and make sure our military aviators can  get the most out of their training opportunities while respecting the  needs of commercial and general aviation.   The Armed Services Committee chairman and ranking member, my  colleagues, and staff members have a lot of amendments to consider.  Hundreds of amendments have already been filed on the National Defense  Authorization Act, and there are more to come. I would ask that my  amendment No. 759 be considered for inclusion as we work together to  restore and modernize our military and ensure our men and women in  uniform have the tools they need to defend our country.   I thank my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mrs. Blackburn), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Lee), and  the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Utah (Mr. Lee) would  have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), the  Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds), and the Senator from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Toomey).   