 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to block  oil and gas drilling in the Atlantic Ocean. My amendment is steeped in  bipartisan tradition. For 27 years, starting in 1982, Congress  continuously supported an Atlantic oil and gas drilling moratorium.   We cannot take the greatest resource of our coastal communities and  economies for granted, which is why, today, we must act to restore the  bipartisan language that would protect the Atlantic Coast from  drilling.   The Trump administration's misguided effort to drill in the Atlantic  is reckless, in my opinion. Simply put, the vitality of our coastal  economies is tied to healthy ocean ecosystems. Healthy oceans along the  East Coast support billions in gross domestic product and more than a  million jobs through fishing, recreation, and tourism alone.   In my home State of New Jersey, the tourism industry generates $44  billion a year and supports over half a million jobs. This will no  longer be the case if the beautiful beaches of the Jersey shore are  slicked with oil.   The bipartisan cosponsors of this amendment and the communities we  represent are unwilling to accept the tremendous risks that come with  oil and gas drilling in the Atlantic. Hundreds of local governments  have passed formal resolutions opposing oil and gas exploration and  drilling in the Atlantic, as have numerous local chambers of commerce,  tourism and restaurant associations, and commercial and recreational  fishing associations.   More than 43,000 businesses and 500,000 commercial fishing families  have joined together to strongly oppose offshore oil and gas  exploration and drilling.   Mr. Chair, ocean health is already strained by too much trash, rising  sea temperatures, and acidification due to climate change. Our oceans  and our economies can't afford the risks of dangerous oil and gas  development.   More than 4 million gallons of oil have been spilled or leaked in the  Pacific Ocean since 1969. Again, the unimaginable risk to our shores is  not worth making wealthy oil and gas companies richer.   In 2010, the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster caused a 10-year projected  economic loss of $8.7 billion in fisheries from Texas to Florida,  including 22,000 lost jobs.   There is no hiding behind State lines from oil spills. The only way  to protect ourselves is a full Atlantic moratorium and a commonsense  return to historic bipartisan precedent.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have left.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I appreciate the comments that the gentleman from South Carolina  made. I don't mean to speak for his State, but I have to say, I was in  Savannah and then went for a couple of days over to Saint Helena  island, Hilton Head, and some of the areas where the Gullah people are.  On another occasion, in May, I was in Charleston, and I went to James  Island and a few other places.   I find it very hard to believe that the people who live in those  coastal areas don't share the same concerns that we have in New Jersey  about the impact of an oil spill on our tourism and recreational  fishing industry.   Again, I am not going to speak for the gentleman's State because that  wouldn't be proper.   But let me say this: When my colleague on the other side says that we  can drill safely, I have to disagree.   When we had the BP spill 9 years ago, there was a bipartisan  commission that was set up, and they made certain recommendations about  drilling. Those recommendations were not followed by the Republican  leadership in Congress.   The fact of the matter is that the BP spill was in relatively shallow  water, compared to the type of drilling that is proposed off the coast  of the Atlantic. What is happening is that, as we go further and  further off the Outer Continental Shelf, the possibility of spills and  the inability to take proper safety precautions become even more of a  problem.    That was what the BP commission recommended. They pointed out that as  we go deeper out, the technology doesn't exist to protect the coastal  areas from a spill.   So I have to take issue with the gentleman. I would point out that  the recommendations of the BP commission were never met.   I ask my colleagues to stand united by voting in favor of protecting  the health and economic vitality of the coastal communities of all 14  States along the Atlantic Coast and the District of Columbia.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   