 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 182,  to reauthorize the Cape Cod National Seashore Advisory Commission.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chair from the Committee on Natural  Resources for yielding, and I thank both of my colleagues from  California for supporting this bill.   The Cape Cod National Seashore was created by President Kennedy in  1961. His vision was to preserve the unique landscape of the outer cape  for recreation and enjoyment for all Americans forever. Today, more  than 4 million people, both Americans and those from around the world,  travel to Cape Cod every year to experience the natural beauty and  recreation that the Cape Cod National Seashore provides.   However, when the Cape Cod National Seashore was proposed, it  presented challenges to residents of Cape Cod unique to locating a  national park on a peninsula with a limited area and with very small  communities within that area. In many of the communities in the outer  cape, the national seashore was designed to occupy as much as 80  percent of the available land, effectively foreclosing other economic  development options after the park was established.   While the promise of President Kennedy's vision for the outer cape  was realized, with the national seashore drawing millions of people  from around the world to the cape, the importance of the advisory  commission to the national seashore and its host communities is still  important today, as important as it was almost 60 years ago.    The advisory commission was at the heart of President Kennedy's  vision for the national seashore, as he recognized that the host  communities would need a voice in the national seashore affairs after  the park was formed. To this end, it was important that the host  communities retained a formal structure to advise seashore leadership  and the Park Service about how actions taken within the park would  affect them and their communities.   The reasons for the powers granted to the advisory commission in its  enabling legislation are just as persuasive today as they were in 1961.  Since what happens on the seashore directly affects the lives of  thousands of my constituents in the host communities, those decisions  should be made with the input of those communities.   Some have suggested that the authority regarding the commercial  activity granted to the National Seashore Advisory Commission in its  enabling legislation is no longer necessary. This is simply not the  case.   Suggestions that the value of having regulatory unity among the  national parklands and the various advisory commissions are  unpersuasive when one considers the unique nature of Cape Cod. That  such a bureaucratic consideration could possibly outweigh the important  benefits that the National Seashore Advisory Commission provides to my  constituents is just laughable.   Today, just as in the 1960s, the unique nature of the outer cape  presents the same challenges to those who live there with respect to  the national seashore. The most effective way to address the concerns  of the outer cape community is to ensure that a functioning advisory  commission is sitting and can continue to play its important role in  the community.   Long ago, President Kennedy envisioned what responsible self- governance looks like on the outer cape, a balance between the  seashore, the towns, and a place where all parties could come together,  again, in the spirit of sustaining the community as a whole. That is  the vision of the advisory commission.   Over the past few years, the outer cape region has faced some of its  toughest challenges. With climate change, coastal erosion, ocean  acidification, and new concerns about sharks in the waters off Cape  Cod, Cape Codders are grappling with some of the  [[Page H9074]]  most difficult issues that the communities have seen in years. Under  these circumstances, the commission's absence is felt every day.   Madam Speaker, that is why I ask my colleagues to support this  straightforward piece of legislation, a bill that has been passed by  this House in the last Congress that will reactivate an effective tool  that has provided an important role for the Cape Cod community, my  community, for nearly 60 years.   