 It is an honor to be with you. A lot of you I have  admired greatly. Some of you I have never gotten to meet. But part of  the reason I ran, I watched you in public service,  [[Page H3741]]  and it is an amazing occupation, and we should honor it every chance we  get.   There are days when we honor our democracy, so I am just going to  tell you a quick story. If any of you have time and you want to come by  my office--it is no longer in the majority side, but it is in the  minority side over here. At one time it was the Speaker's office, whom  some of you served, so you can find where it is.   In there I put paintings, and there is a reason why each painting  that I put in there is from a different artist. I put my favorite  Presidents, Lincoln and Reagan, and then I have the one of ``Washington  Crossing the Delaware.'' And this is the story I will tell you today.   When I look at the paintings, I always wonder what advice Lincoln  would tell us. If you think about it, he was a Member of the House.   My favorite part whenever I give a tour is to go to Statuary Hall,  stand right where Lincoln's desk is, and have my guests look back at  the clock. I ask them to tell me what time it is because it is the  exact same view and the exact same clock that Abraham Lincoln looked  at. I am sure he did, and that is an opportunity to have.   But what would Lincoln tell us today? Lincoln would tell us to  believe in the exceptionalism of this country; that we are different  than any other country before us. And the reason why I believe that is,  is the Gettysburg Address.   You all know it. ``Four score and seven years ago our Fathers brought  forth on this continent a new Nation, conceived in liberty, and  dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.''   There has never been another country like ours. Conceived in liberty  and dedicated to the proposition that we are all equal. There is  something about democracy that that brings forth.   When you think about the world today, Saudi Arabia just now allows  women the right to drive, and it makes you think about where we have  come from.   But the painting that I want you to look at, and some of you have  served with me and you have been in that room, is ``Washington Crossing  the Delaware.'' You know of that painting. You know that it hangs in  New York, but did you know the history of who actually painted that  picture? It wasn't even an American. His name was Emanuel Leutze. He  had lived in America. He was an immigrant.   He lived here for a number of years and went back to Germany, and  painted a picture based upon the belief that he wanted to inspire the  Germans to have a revolution because he believed America was more than  a country, that America was an idea. And he wanted the revolution in  Germany to inspire the idea of freedom and democracy.   So he doesn't get it historically correct, but we don't blame him,  right? The Delaware looks like the Rhine, but he is German, so we live  with that.   He puts 13 people in a row boat. Why would he put 13? 13 colonies,  right? But he only shows you 12 faces.   He gets it historically incorrect, because people will tell you  Washington either crossed in a Durham boat or on a barge, but he just  makes it a row boat. But he puts Washington in a ceremonial uniform,  standing up, crossing the Delaware on Christmas, at night.   We think that probably is not true, but when you look at Washington,  you would say, ``I bet that man has never lost a battle.'' Well,  history tells us he had not won yet; that was our first victory when we  surprised the Hessians, right?   But what I want you to do when you look at the picture, I want you to  see who is in the boat. And this is the story of why democracy matters.   If you look at the second person, he is wearing a beret; he is  Scottish.   If you look at the person directly across from him in the denim  jacket, he is African American.   You come down the boat to the midsection, in the red is a woman. And  in the very back, is a Native American.   I don't know if they were in the boat that night, but this young  immigrant, that is who he believed--having lived in America--would have  been in that boat.   But the second to last person is a farmer, and he has hand across his  face. It is the hand of the 13th person nobody sees.   And what the young artist was saying, Here we are as a young nation-- not even a nation yet, but an idea for a nation--an idea that we can  self-govern, an idea about democracy, that we are willing to risk  everything, having never won before, and do it on our holiest of  nights: Here is a hand. Would you get in and join us?   I believe that is as true today as it was then.   It is not guaranteed, you have to earn it through each generation.  And the service that you have provided actually passed the torch to the  next.   I came here in 2007. I admired an individual, Connie Morella, who I  watched stand up. She belonged to my party. And the part that I looked  at is, I grew up in a family of Democrats, but I was a Republican based  upon belief. And my belief was that an individual can govern  themselves.    And I watched Connie stand up not only to things she disagreed with,  but to things even within her own party. And she inspired people.   People would say she inspired a lot of women; she also inspired me.   And the idea that after she left this House she continued to work for  democracy says a lot about who she is and why she was elected in the  first place.   So it is an honor for me to be here today to say thank you for your  service. And thank you, all of you, for what you contributed to this  country.   