 Madam President, reserving the right to object. The  Constitution is quite clear on this subject. If the minority leader  wishes to engage in the civil war in Syria that has been going on for  nearly a decade, we should obey the Constitution. He should come to the  floor and say we are ready to declare a war, we are ready to authorize  force, and we are going to stick our troops in the middle of this  messy, messy five-sided civil war, where we would be ostensibly opposed  to the Turkish Government that has made an incursion. We would then be  opposed to our NATO ally. It would be the first time in history that we  would be inserting ourselves militarily against a NATO ally.   None of this is to excuse Turkey's action. In fact, today I will  offer a resolution that would actually do something.  [[Page S5870]]  The resolution that is being offered is simply a way to have petty,  partisan criticism of the President infect this body. Mine, actually,  would have the force of law and would prevent any arms from being sold  to Turkey, which would be a serious rebuke to what they are doing in  Syria.   The Constitution is quite clear. No authorization has ever been given  for the use of force in Syria. There was no authorization of  declaration of war and no permission to be there at all. So if they  want to insert themselves in this civil war, by all means, let's have a  debate. Let's have a constitutional debate, but I, for one, am not  willing to send one young man or one young woman, one soldier over  there without a clear mission.   There is no clear mission. There is no clear enemy. In fact, the war  is largely over. Assad is going to remain, for better or worse. So we  have a despot on one side, Erdogan. We have another despot on the other  side, Assad. Here is the deal: The Kurds have to live there. It is  despairing that they have to live there, but you know what, their best  chance for survival is having an ally inside of Syria.   If they become allied, and it appears they are--if they become allied  with Assad, you know what, there is a possibility of a Kurdish area  within Syria. There may well be an opportunity for a Kurdish area  similar to what has happened in Iraq.   So I object to this resolution because this resolution does nothing  to fix the problem. My resolution would stop arms sales to Turkey, so I  will object to this resolution.    Mr. President, at this time I want to ask unanimous consent  that we introduce S. 2624, Turkey arm sales, which would eliminate any  further sale of arms to Turkey and, instead of sending a fake message  or a sense of the Senate resolution, would actually be a binding  resolution and would tell the Turks: Yes, we are serious. We object to  your incursion into Syria. You need to respect the territorial  integrity of Syria, and we therefore are no longer going to be selling  you arms.   I ask unanimous consent that this be passed.   