 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to call your attention to a story  that is tragic but also heartwarming and uplifting.   Honorary Colonel River ``Oakley'' Nimmo of Camden, AR, passed away  last month at the age of 5 after a protracted struggle with his enemy,  a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. Oakley's family remembers  him as a ``sweet, brave boy'' who liked to play with power wheels and  toy guns, but all those who knew him or who have learned about him will  remember Oakley for an act of service that perhaps only a child could  perform.   Oakley wanted to be an Army man when he grew up. Even in the advanced  stages of his fight with cancer, you would find him at the hospital  wearing camouflage fatigues and a helmet, with his trusty rifle by his  side and a smile on his face.   Oakley fought his cancer valiantly, going above and beyond the call  of duty. He was strengthened along the way by his Arkansas neighbors,  who held yard sales and sold bracelets to help the Nimmo family pay for  his care. He was also supported by 20,000 prayer warriors on a Facebook  page entitled ``Prayers for Oakley Nimmo.'' But ultimately it was God's  will that Oakley should return home to him. He passed away on the 20th  of June.   In light of Oakley's heroic struggle, as well as his dream of  becoming an Army man, Oakley was named an honorary colonel in the  Arkansas National Guard. In the days leading up to his funeral, his  family made a simple request: that veterans and servicemembers show up  at the funeral in their uniform to give Oakley the proper sendoff. Word  got around, and dozens came. Some traveled from nearby towns. Most had  never even met this little boy, but it didn't matter--he was a soldier  like one of them. Soldiers from the Arkansas National Guard provided  funeral honors for Oakley. They presented Oakley's mother, Shelby, with  the flag and a special ID tag with  [[Page S4710]]  his name on it. Like a true soldier, Oakley was sent off from this  world to the moving tune of ``Taps'' played by a military bugler.   Colonel Nimmo's tour of duty on this Earth was brief, but he did  teach an important lesson to all of us. At times, some voices may  express doubts about our military, but Oakley reminded us--as perhaps  only a child could--that being an Army man, a brave protector of our  Nation, is one of the highest honors to which an American can be  called.   The veterans and the servicemembers who attended Oakley's funeral  were there to honor him, but, in fact, it was a double honor because  through his life and dreams, little Oakley honored them in return.   Oakley looked up to our troops in life. Now he looks down on them  from above, where he will remain in God's presence and our memory as a  brave fighter against cancer, an inspiration, and indeed, for all time,  an Army man.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   