 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I want to first recognize the hard work of Chairman  Grijalva and the sponsors of the underlying pieces of legislation. This  package reflects a bipartisan collaboration between Members dedicated  to conserving our natural resources.   In the face of changing climate, extreme weather patterns and events,  rising tides, disappearing species, and habitat destruction, it is  critical we act now to preserve and protect our coastlines, and the  communities and local economies that depend on the continued health of  our water resources.   This includes the Chesapeake Bay, the largest estuary in the country,  in my State of Maryland. The bay is critically important as an economic  engine that attracts millions of tourists and supports thousands of  jobs.   For decades, oyster harvesting was one of the bay's most important  industries. Yet today, we are seeing an alarming decline in the bay's  oyster population, a decline caused by climate change, years of  overharvesting, ocean acidification, nutrient reduction,  denitrification, habitat destruction, and oyster-debilitating disease.  However, there is still much we don't know as to why the depletion is  occurring and how best to conserve oysters.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment strengthens the underlying bill by  providing research grants to those working to reverse the depletion and  decline of oysters in the Chesapeake Bay. These grants support  collaborative partnerships to research the long-term conservation,  restoration, and management of oysters in the Chesapeake Bay.   This program will encourage collaborations between the academic  community, the seafood industry, nonprofit organizations, and State  agencies to develop new innovative solutions.   These grants will help us better understand why oyster hatcheries are  crashing and to develop best practices in mitigating habitat  destruction.   My amendment will provide us more tools to strengthen the oyster  population and the health of the Chesapeake Bay.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment and  the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   