 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, this is a rare moment in this House. We  have a bipartisan bill, a bill that we have worked together,  Republicans and Democrats in the House. We have worked together in the  Senate. There is a companion piece of legislation; it has been praised  by the Trump administration. We have a chance to do something  tremendously good here, and the bill says something very simple: No one  should be able to establish in the United States a shell company with  completely secret ownership, secret even from law enforcement.   We are saying that we are not Panama. We are not the Cayman Islands.  We are not some little island nation tax shelter that puts out a  welcome mat for drug dealers and arms dealers and dictators hiding  money from their people. We are the United States of America. We are a  nation of laws that does not tolerate corruption at home and that  fights corruption around the world.   Mr. Speaker, when I was running the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights  [[Page H8369]]  and Labor at the State Department, I would often speak to dissidents  fighting for freedom in countries like Russia. And I would say to them,  What can we do to help you?   And they would say, You know what, we don't ask you to fight all of  our battles for us, but just don't be complicit in what our  dictatorship does to us.   And I would say, What do you mean ``complicit?''   And they would say, You know what, because of the money that people  like Putin and their oligarchs steal from us all goes into banks and  real estate in America and in Europe, and they do it through shell  companies.   And they were right. Under our current laws, anyone can set up an  anonymously owned company to hide the proceeds of corruption or crime.  Fentanyl dealers do it, terrorists do it, human traffickers do it,  foreign dictators do it.   The wildly corrupt son of Equatorial Guinea's former president, for  example, set up a shell company in the United States to launder  millions of dollars in bribes from international logging companies.   Corrupt officials in Nigeria use shell companies to steal aid we sent  them to fight Boko Haram.   Next time you are in New York City, check out 650 5th Avenue. You can  go shopping in the Nike store, on the ground floor; get some shoes. You  probably wouldn't realize that the building was owned for 20 years by  the Government of Iran, once again using a shell company.   And let's be clear: Shell companies not only allow foreign bad actors  to hide dirty money in the United States, they allow them to use that  dirty money to corrupt our system. Yeah, I know it is illegal for  foreigners to contribute to our campaigns, but if you launder your  money through a front company with anonymous ownership, there is very  little we can do to stop you.    Now, I am thrilled to hear my Republican colleagues say they are  concerned about privacy and civil liberties. But this bill already has  extraordinarily strong privacy protections. Law enforcement can only  ask for access for this data if there is already an ongoing law  enforcement investigation. The whole process is overseen by civil  liberties and privacy officers at FinCen, and the information is so  simple.   My name:   Tom Malinowski.   My address: 86 Washington Street, Rocky Hill, New Jersey, 08553.   My date of birth: 9/23/65.   My driver's license number is too long to read, but you know what,  the government already has it.   What the government does not have is the names of the owners of  companies that are set up here by foreign kleptocrats, drug lords, and  criminals. Law enforcement should have access to that information.   So let me just close by reminding this House who is for this bill:   The National Association of Attorneys General.   The National District Attorneys Association.   The Fraternal Order of Police.   The Society of Former Special Agents of the FBI.   The U.S. Marshals Service Association.   The Small Business Majority.   The Main Street Alliance.   The American Sustainable Business Council.   The bankers' association of every single State that we represent in  this body.   Virtually every major human rights and anticorruption group in the  United States and around the world.   Please, join them. Join me. Join the bipartisan champions of this  blow we are about to strike against corruption. Reject this MTR;  support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   