 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address my  colleagues for 1\1/2\ minutes as in morning business.    Madam President, I believe I have developed a  reputation among my colleagues, and hopefully among my constituents,  for transparency in the issue of the public's business should be  public. That applies to how the World Bank loans U.S. dollars. The  World Bank is right now trying to sneak through a new policy that  offends me.   I received word that the World Bank is planning to vote right now, as  I speak, on a new country partnership framework with China. That  framework commits the World Bank to providing China with billions of  dollars in loans indefinitely. What is odd about this is that China is  now the world's second largest economy and its per capita income is  well above the levels at which countries are supposed to graduate from  needing World Bank assistance. In other words, China should stand on  their own two feet without help from the American taxpayers or even  indirectly through the World Bank.   It happens that our country is the World Bank's largest contributor,  and the spending bill that funds the World Bank includes a provision  for a big capital increase from the American taxpayers to the World  Bank. With this legislation pending, we in the Congress have an  opportunity to weigh in and we should take that opportunity to make  sure that American taxpayer dollars don't go to China, particularly  when China is taking their own money and investing in the Belt and Road  Initiative to get influence around several countries on the face of the  Earth.   I will have more to say later on this topic.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  discuss two issues: one dealing with the World Bank and another one  dealing with the Department of Defense's inability to get clean audits.   Today the World Bank is releasing its country partnership framework  with China. Reportedly, this includes $1 billion to $1.5 billion of  loans to China per year and $800 million to $1 billion in private  sector investment.   Keep in mind that the World Bank was created to help economic  development in the world's poorest countries. China is now the world's  second largest economy after the United States. Also, the United States  is the World Bank's largest contributor. I think many Americans would  question why so many American tax dollars are going to support low- interest loans in China.   In China, there is a large and growing body of evidence of human  rights abuses in Xinxiang, including mass internment camps. Reports  indicate that these camps are centers for social control and political  indoctrination. Chinese authorities reportedly mistreat or even torture  detainees, while requiring them to engage in forced labor and to  renounce their religion and their culture. Yet the World Bank has  supported a program called Technical and Vocational Education and  Training Project in Xinxiang Province.   This is wording very close to what the Chinese Communist Party  euphemistically calls its internment camps. Plus, one reporter has  uncovered documents that these schools purchased barbwire, tear gas,  and body armor using other funds--and, of course, funds are fungible.   Institutions like the World Bank have a great responsibility to  further assess critical human rights risk and religious freedom, such  as those exhibited in Xinxiang in any region where it lends money.   The World Bank's own social framework standards state that when  assessing social risk and impacts, the Bank must assess threats to  human security and impacts on the health, safety, and well-being of  workers and project-affected communities. The Bank and other such  institutions cannot adequately assess a project's full impact without  monitoring and examining reports of widespread human rights abuses in  any local area.   On November 16, the New York Times published leaked Chinese records  indicating a coordinated effort going back years, directed by General  Secretary Xi, to detain hundreds of thousands of Uighurs, Kazakhs, and  other Muslims in internment camps and to unleash the tools of  ``dictatorship'' on the Xinxiang Muslim population. Given these  repeated reports about repression in Xinxiang that date back even  years, it is hard to see how any project in that region could meet the  Bank's social framework standards. There needs to be a periodic  internal review of risk assessment mechanisms to ensure that they are  appropriately calibrated to capture changing risk profiles.   I question whether the Bank's oversight processes are adequate, given  its own assessments saw no issue with these intern camps that go by the  professional name of Technical and Vocational Education and Training  Project--and I am referring particularly to those in Xinxiang Province.   In a statement on August 29, the World Bank stated that it had  conducted supervision missions twice a year since the project started  and that these missions included a review of social safeguards and a  monitoring and evaluation review. The World Bank found ``no evidence  from subsequent reviews that funds were diverted, misused, or used for  activities not in line with project objectives or World Bank policies  and procedures.''   However, just last month, the Bank raised the environmental and  social risk ratings from moderate--the second lowest level--to  substantial and then to high--the highest level. It is very  disappointing that very little happened in upgrading the risk  assessments on this project until after congressional attention, even  with an internal whistleblower raising the matter. This seems like a  failed process to me when routine audits and a whistleblower complaint  do not catch anything, despite increasingly concerning reports in the  media about mistreatment and abuse.   I have written a letter to the Bank President, Malpass, asking  questions about these systemic concerns. Moreover, I questioned why a  country like China, whose economy has far surpassed the threshold at  which it is supposed to graduate from rural bank funding, is now and  forever still taking loans.   The World Bank was created for a very worthwhile purpose--to help  poor countries that cannot, on their own efforts, assess capital  markets.   Both China and Russia today have well surpassed the World Bank's  graduation threshold and have access to capital markets. Yet American  taxpayers are called on to do more. Yet China then continues to borrow,  on average, $2 billion a year from the World Bank, making it one of the  Bank's top borrowers--the second largest economy in the world and one  of the Bank's top borrowers.   Countries like China or Russia that have seen the most economic  progress should not seek to maintain access to the Bank's preferential  lending rates and technical support. Moreover, these are our two major  geopolitical foes.   I have previously highlighted China's intellectual property theft and  foreign influence activities at American universities as just an  example of other things I looked at in the case of China.   Russia's illegal occupation of territory in Georgia and Ukraine and  its ``active measures'' against democracies, including the U.S.  democracy, make it effectively an outlawed state. Meanwhile, China does  substantial foreign lending of its own, which it uses as a tool of  geopolitical influence over other countries.   Now, just think, through the World Bank, they get U.S. taxpayer  dollars, and then the country is still so rich that they can lend to  many other nations around the world to increase the geopolitical  influence of China, and that country's lending does not follow  international development finance standards, nor does China disclose  the amounts or terms for loans that it offers.   Through the Belt and Road Initiative in China--this initiative is a  process where they invest in other countries to have Chinese influence  in these other countries--this Belt and Road Initiative in China has  raised concerns about debt sustainability in recipient countries. They  can invest money in these countries, and then they have an agreement  that if the loan isn't paid, then China takes over, enhancing their  influence--a lot of it for military purposes.   A March 2018 report from the Center for Global Development assessed  the current debt vulnerabilities of the countries I just referred to,  identified as potential Belt and Road Initiative borrowers. Out of the  23 countries determined to be vulnerable to debt distress, the center  identified 8 countries ``where Belt and Road Initiative appears to  create the potential for debt  [[Page S6880]]  sustainability problems, and where China is a dominant creditor in the  key position to address these problems.''   The World Bank, again using American tax dollars, should not be  lending to wealthy countries that violate the human rights of their  citizens and attempt to dominate weaker countries through their loans,  whether it is done for military reasons or for economic reasons.   The State-Foreign Operations appropriations bill contains funding and  authorization for a large capital increase for the World Bank. In other  words, what I just said--the Senate is going to be facing this issue. I  have developed an amendment to this bill that would insert language  requiring the U.S. representative to the World Bank to work to defeat  any project in a country that has reached the World Bank's own  ``graduation threshold'' and, secondly, that is designated by the State  Department as a ``country of particular concern for religious freedom''  or is on the watch list for such designation. Both of those would  include China and Russia at this point. Countries with broadly  documented violations of international norms, human rights, and  religious freedoms should not be given the privilege of accessing  preferential loans that then limit access to other countries in need.   In other words, the second largest economy in the world--China--by  getting loans from the World Bank at the same time they violate the  human rights of their people--developing countries that need the loans  and resources are not getting them because they are going to the  wealthy nations.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Angel  Ventling, a State Department fellow in my office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the day.   