 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern,  Cyrus Johnson, be granted privileges of the floor for the balance of  the day.    Mr. President, Henry David Thoreau once said: ``What use  is a home if you don't have a tolerable planet to put it on?''   We might just expand that question to say what use is anything if we  destroy our planet because it is the only one we have. There is no  planet B, no rescuing by going to some horrific other planet nearby. We  have the gem, we have the treasure, and we have the responsibility to  make sure we don't destroy it.   Here we are. Within a single human lifetime, we have increased the  percent of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by a dramatic amount--about  30 percent in my lifetime and more if you are older--and that chemistry  change is really unseen in geological history on this planet, such a  rapid change with rapid, deep growth.   That is why we are coming to the floor to keep talking about this  issue, reach across the aisle, reach across the country, and find  partners to say this isn't a blue or red issue. This isn't a city or  rural issue. It affects us all, and we need to all work together to  respond. As we do so, we need America to lead the world in responding.   Senator Carper's resolution says a couple simple things. It says we  recognize that we have a very warming climate on Earth. It says we  recognize that human activity burning fossil fuel has consequences, and  it calls on us to act. There we are. It is time to confront this  enormous threat to our beautiful blue-green home in the middle of the  cosmos.   There are some who say: That is so scary, so intimidating, so  threatening. I just can't open my eyes or ears to hear that  information. I have to pretend it is not real.   We are here in the Senate. We are here where we don't have the  privilege of covering our eyes, our ears, pretending it is not  happening. We have the responsibility to face this when others shy away  and act.   There are others who say: You know, we just can't be sure exactly  what is happening so let's wait another 10 or 20 years because we can't  measure it as precisely as we want. It is like saying: Oh, cancer is  ravaging my body, but I am not going to take any medicine because I am  not sure if it has affected 15 percent or 16 percent of my cells. Well,  you know you have cancer, and you know you need to act.   So there we are. Let us not let our heads be buried in the tar sands.  Climate chaos is real. It is ravaging our planet. It is because of  human activity, and we do have the responsibility to respond.   The year 2018 was one of the four hottest years on record. Nine out  of the ten of the hottest years on record occurred since the year 2000.  If we are looking at this chart, we don't see the Earth becoming any  cooler. We see the Earth becoming a lot warmer. Four of the hottest  years on record, 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2015--that was the last 4 years  having been the 4 hottest years on record. The odds of that happening  by accident is essentially none.   We have some very serious scientific heft weighing in. In October,  the United Nations climate panel said we must act dramatically within  this next decade. A month later, on Black Friday, we had the release of  the ``Fourth National Climate Assessment''--the Trump administration's  ``Fourth National Climate Assessment''--and it concluded that ``Earth's  climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of  modern civilization, primarily as a result of human activities.''   There was a report from the Global Carbon Project that which found  that global carbon emissions are going up. They went up 0.7 percent in  2018, hitting a record breaking 37.1 metric tons around the world. That  is human activity putting out carbon dioxide that acts as a blanket on  the planet. This isn't some new thought.   We go back to 1959. We had an eminent scientist who became better  known for his work in the nuclear world, but he was asked to address  the 100th anniversary of the petroleum industry. At that speech in  1959, he said: The energy you have unleashed and harnessed can do  dramatic things to  [[Page S1550]]  change the world, but you have a couple of challenges. One challenge is  that there isn't an infinite amount of petroleum in the ground. Another  challenge is it creates carbon dioxide. It doesn't look like a  pollutant because you can't see it and you can't smell it, but in fact,  it traps heat. I think he framed it more scientifically, that it traps  infrared energy.   He said that is going to be a problem, and, of course, we are seeing  that problem all the time now. You don't need these scientific reports  out of a global panel or a fourth assessment from the administration to  tell us what is going on because we see the facts on the ground.   In my home State of Oregon, you can't move around the State without  seeing the impact. In Eastern Oregon, you have the warmer winter. It is  not killing the pine beetles. So the pine beetles are killing the  trees. More pine beetles and less trees is not a good thing.   If you are over on the coast, the oyster men will tell you they had a  big crisis in 2008 and 2009 because all of the baby oysters were dying,  not because of a bacteria but because the acidity in the Pacific Ocean  has gone up. How is that related? Because carbon dioxide is absorbed by  the ocean and becomes carbonic acid. We burn so much carbon dioxide  that we changed the acidity of the ocean. Can you imagine that is  possible? It seems impossible, but it speaks to how much carbon dioxide  we released within a few decades of human civilization on this planet.   You can keep going on with this story around Oregon. Our kelp beds  are disappearing. They provide protection for all kinds of fish  species. The kelp are dying because the blue sea urchins are eating  them. The blue sea urchins are expanding rapidly because the starfish  are dying because the ocean got too warm for them. It is one story  after another. There is less irrigation water, less snowpack, warmer  streams, and harsher conditions for trout and salmon all within the  State of Oregon, and there are similar stories throughout our Nation.   Perhaps the most destructive factor, though, has been the increased  number of forest fires. There are bigger fires, hotter fires, and a  longer fire season. They are not just ravaging our forests but  producing smoke that has a huge impact on our towns. We take a lot of  pride in our wine in Oregon, and a lot of our grapes had smoke taint  and weren't usable this last year.   We have towns where furniture salesmen said they couldn't sell the  furniture because it had the lingering smell of smoke.   It had an impact on the entertainment world. The Shakespeare Festival  had to shut down and partially move inside to smaller venues, which is  having a huge impact on their finances and a huge impact on the tourism  attraction.   This stuff is real. It is why we should all be here, Democrats and  Republicans, talking about the challenge and saying: What higher  calling is there in our life than to come together to discuss this  honestly and to work together to find solutions?   This isn't something where we can just say that the next generation  can deal with it because the effects are cumulative. They build up.  They become worse. It is a lot worse now than it was 10 years ago, and  10 years from now, it will be more so.   There is no easy, fast way to strip the carbon dioxide back out of  the air. We can work at it, but it is not easy. We can plant more  trees, yes, but, meanwhile, those hotter fires are killing more trees.  Those pine beetles are killing more trees. In other words, it is  urgent. The time to act is now.   In 1988 George H. W. Bush ran for President as an environmentalist.  He announced he was going to take on global warming. His opponent, the  Democrat, ran on the coal industry. That is not the same partisan  alliance as you might hear today. George H. W. Bush said: ``Our land,  water and soil support a remarkable range of human activities, but they  can only take so much and we must remember to treat them not as a given  but as a gift.''   Those words should echo in this Chamber. We have other words in this  Chamber that seem to not address all of the facts that are right in  front of us. One individual said: ``The satellite says it ain't  happening.'' Well, one could probably pick out some one piece of data  from one satellite somewhere and say it doesn't show the story, but you  collect all the data together and it is happening.   Here is a chart of how the globe is warming over time. It shows the  difference in average temperatures. Here we are with just one tiny  cache where there is a significant drop in temperature. There is a  little bit of white and light blue showing that it stayed about the  same, and there is a whole lot of red saying things are getting a lot  worse. That is the collected data. Maybe there is some satellite that  took a picture of one little spot here, but to cherry-pick data like  that is dishonest.   We can't afford to pretend that things are OK when we are facing such  a dramatic challenge to our blue-green home in the universe. NOAA, or  the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, works at this, and  they record all kinds of data from all around the world.   Here is another chart that shows the Earth's climate record. This one  shows the zigs and zags over time. We are going back to 1880, but if we  look from 1880 to 1980, we see a significant rise in the temperature of  the planet. If we go from 1980 until now, it is this absolutely  frightening horror show of increasing temperature. That is what is  happening when we talk about snowpacks. We talk about glaciers, we talk  about coral, we talk about pine beetles, and we talk about 100 of these  things where there is that feedback. All of those affect humans. Those  aren't just some abstract things, like if a tree falls in the woods but  nobody hears it, did it really happen? Did we really hear it? Does it  matter? No.   These reverberate back on our quality of life in this planet,  including security concerns. The civil war in Syria that produced  millions of refugees trying to get to Europe started with an extended  drought because of the stresses of a warming planet.   Our military weighs in and says that climate chaos accentuates all  the security concerns we have. It creates instability around the world.  If one doesn't want to listen to the scientists, how about if we listen  to our own military?   That is what the discussion of Senator Carper's resolution is all  about. That is what the Green New Deal is all about. The Green New Deal  says a few simple things. It says we have a big problem. Check. Yes, we  do. It says we need to take it on boldly and aggressively. Check. Yes,  we do. It says when we take it on boldly, we can create millions of  jobs, and that will be a good thing for our economy. Check. Yes, it is.   Creating those jobs is good. It says when we do that, we shouldn't  leave our frontline communities behind. We should make sure those  communities--rural communities and inner-city communities that have  been left behind previously in different economic expansions--can't be  left behind now. Check. That is absolutely right.   Let's make this economic surge benefit everyone in every community,  with special attention to communities that have been struggling.   My colleague is here from Virginia. I am so glad he is. I am talking  a lot about what is happening on the west coast of America. Perhaps he  will fill us in a little bit on the perspective from the east coast.  This is not one isolated spot on our planet. This is a concern to all  of us. We need bipartisan work on this. Some suggest we put a fee on  carbon. Let's have that conversation. Some suggest we provide more  subsidies to renewable energy. Let's have that conversation. Some say  we should do a green workforce--green corps training. Let's talk about  that. Let's talk about every strategy we can bring to bear and come to  a collective plan because there is no space in the urgency of this  issue for us to retreat into blue and red corners. There is no time. It  is unacceptable.   I feel it is such a privilege to come to this floor and be part of  this conversation, and I encourage all of my colleagues to do likewise.  There are few issues that threaten us on this scale, but this one does.  Let's work together to save our country and save our planet.   Thank you, Mr. President.   