 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 2134, the legislation to  reauthorize the Helen Keller National Center Act. Originally enacted in  1967, the law established the Helen Keller National Center for Deaf- Blind Youths and Adults.   Today's legislation allows the important center--the only  organization of its kind--to continue to support individuals with  combined vision and hearing loss, as well as their families and service  providers.   Helen Keller's story is well-known to us all. It is an example of  determination and hard work. Not only did she overcome her  difficulties, she also worked tirelessly to benefit the lives of  others. In doing so, she showed the world there are no boundaries.   I would like to read a couple of quotes of Helen Keller: ``Remember,  no effort that we make to attain something beautiful is ever lost.''   ``Sometime, somewhere, somehow we shall find that which we seek.''   In an article from 1933, entitled, ``The Simplest Way to Be Happy,''  she wrote: ``A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the  mastery of hardships.''   These quotes embody her perseverance. The Helen Keller National  Center carries on this message by working to give the deaf-blind  community the tools they need to work and thrive in communities of  their choice.   The center offers hope and dignity to those it serves through on- campus assistive technology education; vocational, orientation and  mobility, and communication services; and independent living support  through its headquarters in Sands Point, New York. Individuals from  across the country travel to their headquarters for these incredible  resources.   The National Center also provides similar services to local  communities in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the U.S.  territories. The goal of these programs and services is to advance the  personal development and independence of individuals who are deaf- blind.   Federal support allows the center to continue its invaluable research  and development programs in several areas, including communication  techniques and teaching methods. All of this leads to improved program  offerings and, ultimately, better lives for deaf-blind Americans and  their families.   H.R. 2134 will reauthorize the Helen Keller Center through the year  2023, which demonstrates this body's continued commitment to providing  deaf-blind youths and adults with opportunities to lead successful,  independent lives. By passing this legislation, Congress recognizes the  unique needs of individuals who are deaf-blind as well as the unique  care and developmental programs they need.   I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Doing so allows  us to carry on Hellen Keller's incredible story of independence and  success that has given hope to generations of those who are deaf-blind.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   H.R. 2134 is legislation to reauthorize the Helen Keller National  Center for Deaf-Blind Youths and Adults. The center offers  groundbreaking educational programs across the country that help deaf- blind individuals triumph over adversity, just as Helen Keller did more  than 50 years ago. By passing today's legislation, we ensure this  center can continue its critical work providing our Nation's deaf-blind  with the resources needed to lead successful and independent lives.   Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague, Congressman Pocan, whom I thank for  authoring this bill. I once again urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  H.R. 2134, and I yield back the balance of my time.   