 Madam President, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization  turned 70 last month. Congressional leaders invited NATO Secretary  General Jens Stoltenberg to deliver an address before a joint meeting  of Congress to mark the historic occasion.   The Secretary General began his speech with a vivid description of  two monuments outside of the organization's headquarters in Belgium-- one, a piece of the Berlin Wall and the other, a twisted steel beam  from the north tower of the World Trade Center. Both serve a special  purpose as powerful reminders for NATO members of where we have been  and are going and our commitment to one another.   The United States and our transatlantic allies have seen the world  change considerably during the seven decades of NATO's existence. The  threat posed by the Soviet Union--one of the main reasons the alliance  was formed--no longer exists, but the challenge of an increasing and  hostile Russia has now taken its place.   Since Russia illegally annexed Crimea in 2014, Vladimir Putin has  stepped up his acts of aggression by arming pro-Russia rebels in  Ukraine, carrying out bombing campaigns on behalf of a murderous regime  in Syria, and conducting cyber attacks on Western democracies.   Russia continues to seize land and expand its presence in Georgia,  illegally occupying roughly 20 percent of Georgia's internationally  recognized territory. On top of this, Russia has deployed mobile,  nuclear-capable missiles in Europe. This clear violation of the INF  Treaty will have long-term ramifications for NATO countries.   As the Secretary General stated in his joint session address, ``an  agreement that is only respected by one side will not keep us safe.''  We don't have to return to a Cold War era arms race as a result of  Russia's actions. However, as Secretary General Stoltenberg noted, we  must ``prepare for a world without the INF Treaty and take the  necessary steps to provide credible and effective deterrence.''   While the threat posed by a resurgent Russia reinforces the need for  a strong NATO, it is far from the only concern facing the alliance.  China's expanding global influence and the aspirations of smaller rogue  nations, like North Korea and Iran, will continue to challenge the West  moving forward.   Additionally, while we have made great strides to eliminate ISIS on  the battlefield, the threat posed by radical Islamic terrorists remains  ever present and knows no boundaries.   The horrific Easter Sunday attacks in Sri Lanka have been linked to  the terror group, proving that it clearly continues to export its  tactics and recruitment well beyond Syria and Iraq.   There is no doubt that Western democracies remain squarely on ISIS's  target list. In fact, the propaganda arm of ISIS just released a video  of the group's leader, where he makes that threat abundantly clear.   Amid all of these challenges, NATO stands as a very visible  deterrent. When half of the world's military stands together, bad  actors take notice. Collectively, NATO members also make up half of the  world's economic  [[Page S2586]]  might. The prosperity of NATO members makes the alliance that much  stronger. With that prosperity, however, comes responsibility.   The strength of NATO is contingent on each other and every member  paying its fair share. Every member nation must meet the agreed-upon  defense spending levels. Secretary General Stoltenberg stressed this  point during his address, and this message has begun to resonate with  NATO members. An additional $41 billion has been spent on defense by  our European allies and Canada in the last 2 years alone. That number  is expected to reach $100 billion--$100 billion--by the end of the  year.   President Trump deserves credit for bringing about this sea change.  His words to allies not living up to their commitments were conveyed in  a very direct manner. NATO must be a fair alliance. The President's  tough-love message has worked. The majority of our NATO allies have  pledged to meet their financial obligations by 2024. The United States  has been and must continue to be a strong example in this regard.   This is an important point to remember as we fulfill our funding  obligations for fiscal year 2020. We must build on the progress we have  made in recent years to end the chronic uncertainty that has negatively  impacted our military readiness for far too long.   The Trump administration and Congress's shared commitment to our  national security has helped to renew America's strength and given a  blueprint to our NATO allies for how they, too, can help achieve their  share of our common defense.   Congress has ushered through the largest investment in our national  defense since the Reagan administration, and President Trump has  initiated the modernization of our nuclear arsenal and a national  strategy for missile defense. These were not easy lifts, but the United  States has made them all happen. Our allies can as well.   We have accomplished a great deal together in the past, but many  challenges remain for NATO in the future. As we mark the 70th year of  the alliance, we do so with the knowledge that our friends from across  the Atlantic will continue to be trusted partners who stand by each  other in our hours of need.   With that, I yield the floor.   