 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, before I speak about our bipartisan  amendment, I would like to thank Representatives Sarbanes and Lofgren  for their hard work on H.R. 1.   I would also like to commend Chairman McGovern and his staff on the  Rules Committee--and the entire Rules Committee--for making our  amendment in order and for working with the Problem Solvers Caucus and  other pragmatic Members to foster an inclusive process.   Our bipartisan amendment No. 1 to H.R. 1, with 24 Democrats and 20  Republican cosponsors, would require the Federal Election Commission to  conduct an audit after each Federal election cycle to determine any  incidence of illicit foreign money in the election.   The reason we have such a bipartisan-supported amendment is because  of the hard work of the Problem Solvers Caucus, chaired by my friends  Chairman Reed for the Republicans and Chairman Gottheimer for the  Democrats.   In January, our colleagues on the Problem Solvers Caucus worked with  the leadership to negotiate the 20-20 rule as part of our Break the  Gridlock proposal.   This amendment is the first amendment to receive preferential  treatment under the 20-20 rule by the Rules Committee, and we are happy  to see our addition to the rules package has worked its way to  encourage transparency and bipartisanship in the 116th Congress.   Mr. Chairman, campaign finance law has loopholes, leaving the  American electoral process susceptible to illicit funding from foreign  nationals, corporations, and governments.   Foreign money easily influences our elections by passing funds  through shell corporations, U.S. subsidiaries, investments, trade  associations, and shell companies. Under our proposed amendment, within  180 days of an election, the FEC will submit to Congress a report  containing audit results and recommendations to address the presence of  illicit foreign money.   I urge the Members of this Congress to continue to utilize the 20-20  rule and gain some muscle memory of working in a bipartisan way to work  for the American people.   Confidence in our electoral process is essential to faith in our  government institutions, and I urge the passage of this bipartisan  amendment to H.R. 1.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Virginia (Ms. Spanberger).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the remainder of my time to close.    Mr. Chairman, I want to applaud my colead on this bill,  this bipartisan bill, Congressman Fitzpatrick, a Republican from  Pennsylvania, who couldn't be here today, but he worked very hard on  this, as did the other colleagues who have spoken here already.   The people of America are hungering for bipartisanship. They are  hungering for people to work together to try and solve the problems in  this country.   We hope that the use of the 20-20 rule and this amendment, with 24  Democrats and 20 Republicans, is one small step in that process to  demonstrate that people can work together to solve problems.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   