 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    By the end of this week, the Senate will vote on a  resolution to terminate the President's emergency declaration. I have  laid out the number of reasons why the Senate must vote to terminate.  The President has not demonstrated that an emergency exists. During the  announcement of the declaration, the President said he ``didn't need to  do this.'' A few weeks later, 58 former national security officials,  including former Secretaries of State and Defense, said there was ``no  factual basis'' for an emergency declaration. For the sake of the  facts, the Senate must vote to terminate.   We also have no idea which military construction projects might be on  the chopping block. Republican Senators who vote against this  declaration do so at their own peril. They may be voting to deprive  necessary funds from military installations in their States. For the  sake of the brave men and women of our Armed Forces, the Senate must  vote to terminate.   Of course, the constitutional questions loom largest. The President  failed to convince Congress, the American people, and, perhaps most  glaringly, Mexico to pay for his border wall. Now he is attempting to  use emergency powers to subvert the will of Congress. If allowed to  stand, this emergency declaration would be a defacement of our  constitutional order and one of the largest power grabs for the  executive branch in the more than 200 years this Nation has been in  existence.   My colleagues must contemplate the possibility that if President  Trump were to succeed with his phony emergency declaration, future  Presidents would have a precedent to claim emergencies whenever  Congress failed to endorse their policies. In effect, Congress would no  longer be a coequal branch of government. It would change the balance  of power rather dramatically in ways the Founding Fathers would never  have contemplated. In fact, it would horrify many of the Founding  Fathers, who were so worried about an overweening Executive in the  personage of King George.   I know many of my Republican friends are afraid to cross the  President. We know he can be vindictive. I know that several support  the idea of building a wall but want to oppose the emergency  declaration. I would say to my colleagues respectfully: You have been  able to express your support for a border wall numerous times in the  past Congress and in this one. Another amendment vote will  accomplishment nothing new; it will only poison Congress's ability to  pass this resolution.   This is not about policy at our southern border; this is about one  thing and one thing alone--Presidential overreach.   Later this week, the Senate ought to vote a clean resolution to  terminate the emergency. The bottom line is very simple: If we were  upholding the Constitution, it would be 100 to nothing against the  emergency. If there were no politics, no fear, no worry about crossing  a President, the vote would be 100 to nothing. If people read the  Federalist Papers and the Constitution and what the Founding Fathers  intended, the vote would be 100 to nothing. I hope it is as close to  that as is possible.   