 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me  the time.   Madam Speaker, this shutdown has been brutal on working people across  the country. Many of them are my constituents, and I came down here to  let their voices be heard.   Back home, a Border Patrol agent from my district said about all of  us here in the House, in the White House, in the Senate: ``I blame all  of you for the financial and emotional damage you are causing to the  very people tasked with protecting your Nation and your homeland, but  ultimately, this falls on the White House.''   Suzette from my district, her husband is an essential Federal  employee working without pay. She asked me, ``to bring sensibility to  this senseless power struggle that is currently going on. The  Democrats,'' she says--and she is a Democrat, by the way--``need to  back down from their `must punish Trump and deny him everything' stance  and the Republicans need to get some control over the ill-equipped man  who is running our country.''   Another Federal employee from Milford, Maine, tells me: ``I am very  concerned with the furlough, lack of negotiations, and lack of pay. I  do not know who is right or wrong. I just want to get back to work,  complete my job, and receive my pay.''   We owe these people a solution that gets them back to work and gets  them paid. I can only imagine that, back home, people are amazed to  hear the ways in which both sides are right now talking past each  other. I think it is wonderful that we expressed, on both sides of the  aisle this morning, a desire to reopen the government and to secure our  borders.   I would like to point out that the CR that will be voted on today  does have border security funding: over $1 billion in new funding for  new border security. I know that the Republicans say that they want to  reopen government and secure our borders, I also know that my party has  said the same, so let's do it.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule, support the  CR today, let's reopen government, let's put people back to work, let  them work. They are public servants. They want to serve the people.  Let's start securing our border. And with those extra billion dollars  we can also move on to a more robust debate about border security that  I look forward to.   