 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    I am in its present form.    Mr. Speaker, the motion to recommit I am offering  today is a very simple one. The motion to recommit inserts language  into this bill that blames Venezuela's economic, humanitarian,  security, and refugee crisis squarely where it belongs, on socialism.   This crisis is a direct result of years of socialist policies  implemented by the authoritative regimes of Hugo Chavez and Nicolas  Maduro. Venezuela should be the wealthiest country in South America.  Indeed, it once was. However, like all socialist regimes, Chavez and  Maduro ripped power from the hands of their people, depriving  Venezuelans of their personal liberties and relegating them to poverty,  death, and despair.   In socialist countries, the government no longer serves the people;  the people serve the government.   Venezuela is currently experiencing, according to The New York Times,  the worst economic collapse outside of war in the last half-century.  The country's economy has shrunk twice as much as the Soviet bloc's  economy did during their collapse.   Venezuelans continue to suffer from shortages of food, medicine, and  simple commodities. Inflation is set to reach 10 million percent this  year.   Ten million percent inflation? Mr. Speaker, that is unthinkable.   Venezuela's economy is so bad and its inflation is so out of control  that, according to Bloomberg, a haircut costs five bananas and two  eggs. It is absolutely ridiculous. This is what it has come to in  Venezuela.   One-tenth of the population has fled the country due to economic  collapse and government repression.   As Margaret Thatcher once said, the problem with socialism is that  eventually you run out of other people's money.   Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I was fortunate enough to get to the  border of Colombia and Venezuela. In fact, I was with a bipartisan,  bicameral delegation to the border. I talked to refugees about the  conditions from which they fled.   I heard stories of physicians who were performing surgeries with  smartphone lights because the lights in the operating room went off and  on.   I heard stories from family members who said that their other family  members were dying because they couldn't get penicillin for simple  wounds and infections.   I saw a woman crossing a river in a wheelchair because she was  desperately seeking medical attention. It was truly heartbreaking.   To this day, over 3 million Venezuelans have fled for Colombia while  the ruthless Maduro regime blocks humanitarian aid into Venezuela.   Yet, Mr. Speaker, sadly, Members of this very body continue to stand  with Maduro. Mr. Speaker, while Members of this very body stand with  Maduro, they simultaneously refuse to recognize Guaido as the  legitimate President of Venezuela. They continue to blame the United  States for Venezuela's collapse. They align themselves with the  disastrous, inhumane policies of socialism.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to call the crisis in Venezuela for  what it is: the result of unfettered socialism. I ask that they support  this motion to recommit, which won't kill the bill and which won't  delay its adoption.   We must send a strong message; we must send a united message; and we  must send a message to the world that the United States is a beacon of  freedom and hope, that the United States will always fight oppression,  and that the United States will always empower the people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   