 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and  I rise to offer my amendment to H.R. 3055. This amendment would  increase by about $5 million the medical facilities account.   I did want to talk about a specific problem. I think that most rural  States and communities understand that when it comes to trying to take  care of our veterans, specifically, those who are struggling with  mental health issues, and perhaps substance use disorder issues as  well, it is an issue of care closer to home and access to care.   When we have a veteran in a State like Maine who is in need of acute  mental healthcare services and needs long-term inpatient mental  healthcare, it has become known in the veterans community in Maine that  that care is only available to veterans, at closest, in Bedford,  Massachusetts, or perhaps as far away as New York or even further in  order to get access to those beds. It is the same when they are in need  of long-term substance use treatment programs.   I have seen time and time again, working with veterans who are in  need of those services, that this is a significant problem. It is a  barrier to care. It keeps people from coming in the door at the VA to  ask for help.   It is not just an issue in rural areas among veterans. The problem is  mirrored in the greater community.   This is not an instance where veterans can go to the community to get  long-term inpatient care because, to begin with, the beds aren't there  in rural America. I think this is an instance where we really need the  VA to step up to try to make sure that every State has a baseline  capability to provide long-term inpatient mental healthcare services  and substance use disorder services to veterans as close to their homes  and their communities as possible.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman  Schultz), and I thank her for working with me on this issue and for all  the work that she is doing on the committee.   I also thank the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Fulcher) for joining me on  this. I know Idaho is in the same boat as Maine on this one.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.   I again thank Congressman Fulcher for joining me in this. It is  critically important.   I think he made a great point. With care closer to home, it is about  relationships, and it is about trust when serving a population like  veterans. Also, when talking about things like mental health and  substance use treatment care programs, that kind of familiarity and  trust goes an awfully long way.   I have talked to healthcare professionals who talk about continuity  of care as well. Even in this age, with the internet, when trying to  coordinate continuity of care from New York to Maine, when a veteran  steps outside of that inpatient care, it becomes very difficult. This  would all be solved, I think, or at least be much more efficient, if we  had the ability to take care of our veterans in our home States, like  Maine and Idaho.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   