 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my  amendment to expand national domestic violence hotlines.    Mr. Chairman, when you consider hotlines today,  we have to think about the fact that text messages are absolutely  important, and they are also, all too often, ignored.   We need to evolve. We need to fix the new problems of today as well  as the problems of the future.   As a subcommittee chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and as  one of the younger Members of this body, I understand that the advent  of social networks and technology has, in many ways, helped us track  and identify bad actors. But as we have heard from survivors of  domestic violence, it also allows abuse, coercion, stalking, and  intimidation in more ways than ever before.   Survivors need the necessary tools to keep themselves safe. When a  woman is being constantly monitored by her abuser, is unable to hide,  and finds herself trapped, a phone call could put her life in even more  danger.   This is why I implore my colleagues to support this amendment,  because we are talking life and death here. This is not only a matter  of believing survivors--though, to be clear, we absolutely must. This  is about making sure that we empower survivors with the resources they  need in the 21st century, no matter what age they are.   It breaks my heart to know that those hiding from their abusers could  be a young college student or even a teenager in high school. A recent  study on intimate partner violence found that 1 in 10 high school  students have experienced physical violence from dating a partner in a  given year. Nearly one in three women in college have said they have  been in an abusive dating relationship.   If these statistics do not highlight the need for Congress to provide  as much relief as we possibly can, I don't know what does.   Making sure women in crisis can quickly and easily get help by  texting the crisis hotline should be a no-brainer. The technology  exists, and it has been proven to be effective by other organizations  helping those in need. This isn't rocket science.   If we apply modern-day technology to combat dating violence and  sexual assault, we can keep survivors and their families safe while  holding the perpetrators accountable.   It is our job to make sure that our federally funded hotlines can  serve in the most effective way. We need to get this done because, at  the end of the day, this amendment will save lives.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   