 Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 729, which  includes the text of my bill, the Great Lakes Fishery Research  Authorization Act.   The Great Lakes hold 18 percent of the world's fresh water supply,  and over 35 million people depend on the lakes for drinking water,  recreation, fish and wildlife-related activities, industrial water  supply, and commercial navigation.   The Lakes support more than 1.5 million jobs and generate $62 billion  in wages. Of those jobs, more than 50,000 are directly sustained by the  Great Lakes' $7 billion fishing industry.   The Great Lakes Science Center has field operations in 5 of the 8  Great Lake States and owns and operates a fleet of large research  vessels that monitor the Lakes and the fishery to ensure that these  crucial ecosystems stay healthy and productive.   The Center is the only agency that conducts multi-jurisdictional,  lake-wide scientific assessments in the Lakes, and is crucial for  protecting and preserving this incredible resource and economic driver.   Due to the unique governance structure of the Great Lakes, where  there is no Federal water, NOAA, which normally manages fishery  science, has no jurisdiction, and GLSC falls under the umbrella of the  USGS.   Unfortunately, unlike coastal fishery management agencies, the GLSC  has had to piece together funding from the USGS base appropriation  since it has no formal authorization or dedicated line item. It has  been forced to cobble together funding from three or four different  sources within USGS every year, and as a result, has lagged far behind  its peers in introducing 21st century technology to properly and  effectively monitor the Lakes. In fact, its funding has even been  raided and diverted to other projects, including to fossil fuel  extraction research.    The Great Lakes Fishery and Research Authorization Act would fix this  problem and give the GLSC the dedicated funding it needs. This  bipartisan bill, which, I will add, has more Republican than Democratic  cosponsors, will correct the authorization and funding deficiencies in  a transparent manner and in a way that puts the Great Lakes on par with  other maritime environments in the Nation.   