 Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentlewoman if she has  any more speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is  remaining, please.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I think the interesting thing here, and I will just say this--I am  not ready to close--but at this point in time, I think one of the  issues that has been said today, it should be noted that DHS has  actually no mechanism to send anyone back to Venezuela right now. The  channels for getting people back to Venezuela are not there, so  deportation is not happening, especially now, because we have no  mechanism to do that. So that is something later on, the merits of the  bill either way.   I am not wanting to engage in a colloquy. I am just trying to see if  the gentlewoman has her speaker here.    I yield to the gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I oppose  this legislation which designates Venezuela for TPS status.   Under Federal law, the DHS Secretary may designate a country for TPS  if the country is unable to adequately handle the return of nationals  or circumstances prevent it, which is actually happening right now in  many ways.   The TPS designation means nationals of a designated country inside  the U.S. on the date of designation, legally or illegally, may apply to  stay here and receive employment authorization. DHS has estimated that  there are 270,000 such Venezuelan nationals currently in the country,  and 123,000 are here illegally.   Generally, TPS is designated for an 18-month period, and the country  may be redesignated for 18-month increments. But if the country no  longer meets the conditions for TPS designation, the Secretary must  terminate the designation.   Despite the fact Congress intended TPS to be a temporary protection,  it has become permanent and automatically renewed. Contrary to  Congress' intent, some countries have been designated for TPS for  decades.  [[Page H7412]]    The current administration has followed the law and terminated TPS  for certain nations, but, of course, that has not been left alone. It  has been stymied in the court.    I oppose H.R. 549, but the Venezuelan people are in a dire situation,  and thanks to the socialist policies of Hugo Chavez and Nicolas Maduro,  I pray for regime change in Venezuela.   If Congress is, nevertheless, inclined to statutorily designate  Venezuela for TPS, then we should not ensure renewal is automatic. If  we do not do that, we can continue the same broken TPS designation  process. No future administration will terminate the designations, and  25 years from now, Members will call for the green cards for those who  are here on TPS.   I must also point out the hypocrisy of designating a country for  temporary protected status. The majority recently passed legislation to  create a green card path for 417,000 aliens in the country on a  temporary protected status, some of which were 20 years for a volcano-- not exactly something that is permanent.   We also may as well remove the word ``temporary'' from TPS statute  and hand over the green cards right now.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose H.R. 549, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   