 Reserving the right to object, this is the latest  Democratic attempt to raise the cost of healthcare paid for out of your  own pocket by taking away an ability to provide lower cost health  insurance that preserves preexisting condition protection and the  essential health benefits. These short-term health benefits were  available under President Clinton. They were available under President  Bush. They were available under President Obama right until the last  few months of his office, when he cut them down to 3 months long.   President Trump has simply said that you may now have them up to a  year and renew them for 3 years. If you live in Fulton County, GA, your  insurance costs will be 30 percent less against the typical ObamaCare  bronze plan and even more against the silver plan.   This is the latest Democratic attempt to increase the cost of what  you pay for healthcare out of your own pocket. Their next attempt will  be Medicare for All, which, if you have health insurance on the job,  will take that health insurance away.   I object.    Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, is the Senator of Wisconsin not aware  that the short-term healthcare plans do not change the law of  preexisting condition?    Mr. President, may I----    She gave the wrong answer, Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving my right to object, section  1332 is the innovation waiver that is part of the Affordable Care Act,  passed by the Democratic majority. That act includes protection for  preexisting conditions. Using the flexibility granted under section  1332 does not change anything about preexisting conditions. So it is  misleading to the American people to suggest that it does.   This is another Democratic attempt to make it more expensive, to cost  more for what you pay for healthcare out of your own pocket by taking  away flexibility from the States to find a less expensive way for you  to afford healthcare and, at the same time, not changing the  preexisting condition protection that is provided by the Affordable  Care Act. This is the latest attempt to do it, but the boldest attempt  to raise the cost of your healthcare is Medicare for All, which if you  have insurance on the job, as 181 million Americans do, would take that  insurance away from you.   I object.   