 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I would like to engage in a colloquy of sorts with my fellow  colleague in House leadership, a Representative of the freshman class,  Representative Hill, and, of course, our co-class president,  Representative Stevens.   Representative Hill, what do you think about the freshman class?    I couldn't agree more, Representative Hill.   Representative Stevens, what do you think about the freshman class?    Well, I couldn't agree more, and I want to associate  myself with the remarks of Representative Stevens and Representative  Hill.   We have got an incredible freshman class in this 116th Congress. Not  only is it the youngest and most diverse in history, but we got  straight to work. We hit the ground running.   At the end of the day, this freshman class is making a lot of  progress, so I would like to give the American people a sense of what  the freshman class has been up to.   Over the last two recesses, the freshman class has held over 100  townhalls and over 400 events. That is a lot of events, Representative  Hill.    That is right. Congressman   Andy Kim from the great  State of New Jersey has held more townhalls in the last 3 months than  his predecessor did over the last 4 years, and he has responded to over  5,000 letters from constituents--quite a feat.    Well, let me tell you about my friend, Congressman  Antonio Delgado, who has held six townhalls over the first in-district  work period.    Clearly, this freshman class is making townhalls the rule  and not the exception. But the freshman class is also taking great care  to talk about the issues that really matter to their constituents.    Let me tell you about my friend Congresswoman Angie Craig  from the great State of Minnesota, who held a flood briefing to start  discussions around different agencies working together in the case of  major flooding.    I don't want to brag, but I will. Congressman Jared  Golden, from the great State of Maine, is advocating to lower the cots  of prescription drugs for his constituents.    This freshman class truly is legislating with aggressive  momentum.    Eighteen freshmen, quite an incredible feat. But I will  also say that freshman Members of Congress have had much success  legislating.   Congressman Max Rose from the great State of New York has had three  amendments pass this House, including an amendment to expand childcare  services for veterans seeking additional treatment.    Representative Hill, I know that you know my great friend  and colleague Abigail Spanberger, who was able to include an amendment  as part of H.R. 1 that would prevent foreign interference in U.S.  elections.    Congresswoman Chrissy Houlahan created a new bipartisan  caucus to represent the interests of veterans.    I do know that Members of this House would be well  familiar with Congressman Chris Pappas, who has introduced bipartisan  legislation to increase protections for first responders on the front  lines of our Nation's opioid epidemic.    All of these accomplishments that Representative Hill and  I have outlined that this freshman class has accomplished I think  demonstrate that the freshman class is continuing to deliver for  the people.    Nearly 100 days into our transformative majority, we have passed  major legislation across issue areas.    The first gun violence prevention legislation passed in  nearly a decade.    So as we conclude and head into the next 100 days, I  think it is important to stress that we are going to continue to work  to lower the cost of healthcare.    Raise workers' wages.    And, of course, address the existential threat--climate  change.    As am I, Representative Hill.   