 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I will talk just for a very few minutes  today about something that has been on my mind and on my heart. We so  easily forget how fortunate we are to live in a country like America. I  wish all of our world's neighbors were as fortunate as we are, but they  are not. We can't lose sight of that fact. I don't know why bad things  happen to good people, and I am not suggesting that I have a complete  solution to it, but trying to understand it is at least a good first  step.   I am talking about the ongoing crisis in South Sudan. As you know,  South Sudan is a landlocked country in East-Central Africa, and it is a  fairly new country. In the 7 years since South Sudan was plunged into a  very bloody civil war, not only have millions of people been displaced  from their homes, but over 400,000--think about that--men, women, and  children have been killed in the crossfire--400,000.   I would like nothing more than for the recent negotiated ceasefire  between the government and the rebels  [[Page S6289]]  to hold. We all would. But if we are being honest, we have to express  our sincere doubts. I don't have any doubt that the people of South  Sudan yearn for peace.   Unfortunately, there are some who are taking advantage of the sad  situation in South Sudan. They are taking advantage of South Sudan's  conflicts and widespread corruption within its government in order to  steal the nation's and the people's natural resources. I am talking  about kleptocrats. I am talking about war criminals. I am talking about  corrupt multinational corporations that are pilfering South Sudan's  natural resources, regardless of the chaos that they are causing and  the extraordinary human cost.   Until good people in this world take a stand and say enough is  enough, the people in South Sudan will continue to be at the mercy of  the corrupt. The predatory extraction of South Sudan's resources not  only directs vital capital outside of the war-torn nation, where it is  desperately needed inside, but it makes meaningful investment in  sustained peace simply impossible.   That is why I am respectfully calling on the U.S. Senate to stand  with peace, to stand with right--not with might, with right--and to  stand with the people of South Sudan. The people of South Sudan are a  proud people. They are a resilient people. They are tired of being  ruled by a government that is ripe with corruption. They are tired of  seeing their nation torn apart by war. The U.S. Senate ought to condemn  the marauding, the stealing of resources, and the widespread corruption  within the South Sudanese Government. Furthermore, I also call on the  United States to support sanctions against those companies and those  individuals outside of South Sudan that continue to profit off of the  ongoing conflicts and instability in the region.   Now, we are a powerful nation. I just listened to your very eloquent  talk about the men and women in our military who protect our country.  Not only do we have the world's most powerful military, but let me put  it another way. We have the most powerful military in all of human  history. We also have the strongest economy the world has ever seen,  and for that, we were blessed.   It is the latter that we have to wield against the internal and the  external bad actors taking advantage of the people of South Sudan. Much  like our sanctions against the largest state sponsor of terrorism in  the world--I am, of course, talking about Iran--and much like those  sanctions have resulted in a successful economic pressure campaign, I  hope the same can be done, targeting crooked government officials and  the unethical multinational corporations that target vulnerable nations  like South Sudan.   It has been well documented that there are a number of multinational  corporations with ties to nations like China and nations like Malaysia  that have taken advantage of widespread corruption in the region, in  South Sudan and the surrounding region, to spur their own economic and  political gain. It has been reported and it has been independently  verified that one of South Sudan's largest multinational petroleum  consortiums from outside the country operating in the country, a  company called Dar Petroleum Operating Company, has actively funded  militia and paramilitary groups within the region.   In fact, when Dar Petroleum isn't funding militia or brokering  weapons deals, it keeps busy polluting local communities in South Sudan  and water supplies with its industrial waste. The petroleum company has  dumped ``high levels of heavy metals and dangerous chemical compounds''  into the surrounding countryside with no regard--none, zero, no  regard--for local populations.   In fact, the contamination from the joint Chinese-Malaysian-owned  corporation has extended well beyond merely the soil surrounding Dar  Petroleum's production and processing plants. The soil contamination is  found to be so widespread and so extensive that over 600,000 of the  good people in South Sudan are expected to be affected by it.   From bribery to pollution and even murder, these unsavory actors have  found a home in South Sudan, ruining the environment and raping the  natural resources of the country, and they are going to continue to  find a safe haven and continue business unless we act.   Unless sanctions against countries and individuals that are known to  have long taken advantage of South Sudan's weak or almost nonexistent  rule of law are implemented, stability in the region is going to be  nothing but a dream and nothing but happy talk.   The United States should not remain silent as untold billions are  stolen. The monies are being stolen, and the natural resources are  being stolen from the people in South Sudan. The people of South Sudan  are also being murdered in the process.   We should not stand by. By empowering the U.S. Government to target  the illicit financial activity that serves as the root cause for many  of the atrocities that I have talked about, the South Sudanese can  begin rebuilding their nation without fear of violence and without fear  of corruption. The United States is far from the only government on the  world stage that has the ability to do this. Now, we both know that,  but as is so often the case, we might be the only government with the  will and the moral conviction to do what is right.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   