 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to talk about a sad tragedy that  occurred in Virginia on May 31--the shooting deaths of 12 individuals  in Virginia Beach.   It was a Friday. I was in Virginia Beach that day having meetings in  the community on the boardwalk at a hotel with the Old Dominion Bar  Association. It was a meeting about sea level rise with interested  constituents.   I had just left Virginia Beach to drive back to my home, and after I  left, within a couple of hours, I got word about a shooting at the  Virginia Beach City Hall.   This is a city hall I know well. I was the mayor of Richmond and used  to work closely with the mayor of Virginia Beach at that time. I also  tried cases in the courthouse right there near Virginia Beach City Hall  when I served as a private attorney in private practice.   I rise to talk about these 12 victims but also talk about my hope  that the Virginia Beach shooting will lead us to stop being bystanders  and take meaningful action to reduce gun violence.   If I could say a few words about each of the 12 individuals who were  killed at Virginia Beach: Laquita Brown was a 4-year employee of the  department of public works. She was known for her love of travel, her  friends, and her ability to light up a room with her presence.   Ryan Keith Cox was a 12-year employee of the city. He had worked with  the department of public utilities, was known for his kindness and  beautiful singing voice. He became known just in the hours after the  shooting as somebody who ran into danger looking for more people to  save after ensuring his workers were sheltered in a barricaded room. He  saved many lives on that horrible day and was killed himself doing so.   Tara Gallagher was a 6-year employee at the city of Virginia Beach.  She worked as an engineer to provide clean drinking water to people.  She was murdered in the shooting.   Mary Louise Gayle had worked for 24 years for the city in public  works. She was known as a cheerful coworker and devoted mother and  grandmother.   Alexander Mikhail Gusev was a 9-year employee of the city, emigrated  from Belarus to Virginia Beach to find a better life. He was known as a  generous and devoted coworker, friend, uncle, and brother. He was  murdered that day.   Joshua Hardy worked for the city for 4 years in the department of  public utilities. He was known for his kindhearted nature, love for  family and faith.   Michelle ``Missy'' Langer worked for the city for 12 years and was  known for her beaming smile and passion for the Pittsburgh Steelers. We  have a lot of Steelers fans in Virginia. She had plans to retire soon.  She was murdered that day.   Rick Nettleton was a 28-year employee of the city. He was a selfless  leader in regional utility system planning and a veteran of the 130th  Engineer Brigade of the Army.   Kate Nixon was a 10-year employee of the city who was known for her  intellect. She was a loving wife and mother of three.   Chris Kelly Rapp had just been there 11 months as a city employee. He  was known for his kindness and passion for playing the bagpipes. I met  a couple at the memorial whose wedding he had graced with his bagpipe  playing. He was devoted to his wife.   Bert Snelling was one of the 12 who was not a city employee. He was a  contractor. He had come to the municipal center to get a permit that  day, like so many people who walk into the building permits office to  get a permit. I learned a lot about Bert because he was a contractor  who had done the carpentry renovations on the mayor's home. The mayor  talked about befriending this wonderful contractor in the community.   Then, finally, there was Bobby Williams. Bobby had worked for the  city for 41 years in the department of public utilities. During the  course of his time with Virginia Beach, he was awarded with eight  service awards in recognition of his devoted work for the city, and he  was planning on retiring later this year.   These were 12 beautiful people--12 lives lost--who had track records  of accomplishment and more to give. They were new employees, 41-year  employees, single, married with children, grandchildren. All just  wanted to serve their colleagues. That is why they were there. They  wanted to serve their fellow citizens of Virginia Beach.   I want to commend the response of city employees. Some of them  alerted coworkers and pulled them into the shelter, saving unknowable  numbers of lives.   I want to commend Virginia Beach officers. They responded within  minutes of the first shootings. They heroically risked their lives, all  four of them. Although they had all trained, including a training  session the day before, most had not trained together. Imagine that you  get this call and the four of you are going into a building where there  is a shooting underway. You haven't trained together, but you are  trying to put your training to use. They did remarkable work.   One of the officers was shot while confronting the gunman. He  survived because he was wearing a bulletproof vest that was likely  funded by a bulletproof vest program through which the Senate and the  House have, for years, enabled local jurisdictions to have bulletproof  vests.   The gunman, who was killed in the firefight, was carrying high- caliber handguns with high-capacity ammunition magazines. By some  reports, the magazines allowed the gun to fire up to 30 rounds in  automatic succession. And he was carrying suppressors that suppressed  the noise of these weapons, which made it more difficult for the  responding officers to determine where the shooting was happening.   I want to commend the emergency personnel for treating the wounded  and also those who have responded to the mental health needs of the  families of the wounded and killed, of other city employees, of friends  of the city employees, and of the entire community that was brutalized  by this. These deaths have robbed Virginia Beach of some wonderful  neighbors who served their communities in many ways.   I went to a memorial service a week after the shooting, last  Thursday, June 6. I went to the memorial and saw the mountains of  flowers that had been left by crosses with each of the names of the 12  on them. While I was there, I visited with everyday people who were  coming by to pay respects. They wanted to tell me how proud they were  of their city, the city employees, the bravery and heroism, and people  pulling together. I met a couple for whom one of the guys had played  bagpipes at their wedding. I met the mother of one of the victims and  family members of others.   When they saw elected officials there, they wanted to talk about  their pride in their city, but they also wanted to share with us as  elected officials that we need to do something. It was a reminder that  no place is safe and no place is immune to the epidemic of gun  violence. Again and again, what people said to me is ``I couldn't have  imagined that this would have happened here.'' But we have said that  about schools; we have said that about night clubs; we have said that  about concerts; we have said that about colleges; we have said that  about communities all over this country--churches, synagogues, Sikh  temples: ``I couldn't have imagined that this would happen here.''   We can't forget that sometimes instances like this, in which there is  mass violence, get headlines. We had a 9-year-old girl in Richmond who  was killed at a neighborhood park by a gunshot a couple of weeks back.  We had a shooting in Chesapeake, VA, near in time to the massacre of  these 12, where many were injured--a mass shooting that affected a  backyard barbecue. Many of those people were injured and were taken to  the hospital.  [[Page S3310]]    I have had painful experience with this. I was the Governor of  Virginia during what, at the time, was the worst shooting in the  history of the United States--the massacre at Virginia Tech on April  16, 2007. It was the worst day of my life. It is always going to be the  worst day of my life, responding and immediately going to a campus and  dealing with 32 families who had lost their kids, their spouses-- students, grad students, professors, trying to deal with them in their  grief, trying to provide answers, and trying to come up with solutions.   I was the mayor of Richmond at a time when our city had the second  highest homicide rate in the United States.   Both of those experiences have given me a lot of scar tissue, so much  so that when I hear of an instance like this in Virginia--just as other  Virginians have the same feeling--you have both the fresh emotions of  horror and sadness, and you feel like a bandaid has been torn off  because you are reliving experiences that we have had to go through too  many times.   Yet the one thing I have learned--and I have learned a lot, but the  one thing I have learned is that we don't have to stand by and say that  nothing can be done. I have learned that the pain is real, but there  are solutions. In the midst of a horrible crime epidemic in Richmond,  we took meaningful steps that brought the homicide rate down by 60  percent and reduced violent crime dramatically. You can take action. If  you can take action that will keep people safer, then you have an  obligation to take action.   In the aftermath of the shooting at Virginia Tech--where a deranged  individual got the weapons of destruction that killed 32 people and  wounded another couple dozen--we learned he got his weapons because of  a glitch in the background check system. I was able to fix part of it  with an executive order. There was more I wanted to do to make  background checks universal and to make sure guns would not go into the  hands of individuals deemed too dangerous to have them by Federal laws  that have been on the books for decades, but some of what I wanted to  do legislatively I couldn't get my legislature to do. At least we  learned that if you have a better background check system, more people  will be safer. If we banned high-capacity magazines, more people would  be safer.   We have learned that there are steps you can take to keep people  safer, and if you can take those steps, yet you choose not to, you are  a bystander to this horrible violence.   On Monday morning, just yesterday, I met with community leaders in  Charlottesville to discuss gun violence. Charlottesville is a community  that has been deeply affected by violence in the last couple of years  because of the riot led by White supremacists and Neo-Nazis, which  caused the deaths of three people in August 2017. They understand  violence. They understand the pain of it. They understand missing  people who are contributing members of the community. They wanted to  talk about what we needed to do. They were frustrated. They were  frustrated by a General Assembly of Virginia and a Congress of the  United States being bystanders and not being willing to take actions we  need to take.   One teacher in our meeting told a very vivid story about how she has  had to rearrange her classroom. She keeps a filing cabinet next to the  front door. The door opens from the hall into her classroom. She has  positioned a full filing cabinet next to the door, and she has figured  out how to race to that cabinet and tip it over to block the door from  being opened. Imagine that you go to school to be a teacher. You are  trained in pedagogy. You are trained in how to motivate youngsters of  all kinds. They don't teach you how to stop an active shooter, but we  have to start teaching all our teachers how to do it. This teacher  talked about it. The teacher talked about the drills they have to have  in the first week of school every year. She has to take her class of  elementary students into a bathroom, which is their designated hiding  spot. She is taught to stand in front of the door of the bathroom and  block it from being opened, so if there were a shooting going on and  there were shots being fired through the door, she would be the one who  would be injured or killed rather than her students. Imagine expecting  that of our elementary school students in the United States circa 2019.   We have a sickness when we expect elementary school teachers to have  to herd their kids into bathrooms. Imagine what the little second and  third graders think when going into these drills. Even if they never  have an active shooting incident, imagine what impression the drills  make on their minds. We have a sickness.   The Virginians I talked to yesterday said: Look, we have to do  something about it. Virginians are asking our General Assembly and our  Congress to take action.   I am encouraged that the Governor of Virginia has undertaken a fairly  unusual step. He has called the General Assembly back into session. The  session is over in Virginia. He has called them back for a session on  July 9 to consider gun safety measures that he is going to put on the  table. Everybody can be held accountable. They can vote yes or no and  propose amendments. Nobody will be able to hide. People have to be held  accountable as to whether they are willing to take steps to keep people  safe.   No single fix will prevent all gun violence. Each incident is  different. Each person, each perpetrator, each victim is different.  There is not one thing we are going to be able to do that is going to  end gun violence or violence generally. That is not in our capacity to  do.   I will tell you something. If there were a bridge collapse on an  interstate in my State, we would be there immediately, trying to figure  out how to fix the highways of our State. If there were an epidemic, we  would be immediately figuring out how to come up with a vaccine.   When we have this repetitive catastrophe of gun deaths in this  country, then we also have to be challenged to act. I applaud my  Governor for recognizing that and pulling my legislature back on July  9. I wish them the best.   I hope we will do something here. We haven't had a meaningful debate  about gun violence and gun safety regulations and laws on the floor of  this body since April of 2013. I remember it well. I had just come to  the Senate. It was almost precisely on the sixth anniversary of the  shooting of Virginia Tech. We had a debate on the floor of the Senate  about universal background checks, which 90 percent of Americans  support. We had that debate in April of 2013. It was in the aftermath  of the shooting at Sandy Hook. Little kids were massacred in their  elementary school by these high-capacity weapons, and we had that  debate.   The families of many of the victims of Sandy Hook were sitting in the  Gallery surrounding us. Some were sitting next to family members for  Virginia Tech or other shootings who had come to provide them support.  There is a beautiful phrase in the letter of Paul to the Hebrews that  talks about being surrounded by a ``great cloud of witnesses.'' That  day, we had an opportunity to act to keep Americans safer, and we were  surrounded by a ``great cloud of witnesses'' who were sitting in the  Gallery, just hoping that we might act to reduce the likelihood of  crimes of this kind happening in the future, and we fell a few votes  short. What a horrible day.   You don't want to fall short on something that is important, and you  especially don't want to fall short when people whose lives have been  irradicably torn up by violence are sitting around, hoping that you  will do the right thing. Yet we fell a few votes short.   We have an opportunity now. We can return--it is interesting, isn't  it? I am thinking of the pages who have been here most recently. We  haven't had that discussion for the last 6 years. There have been a lot  of shootings in the last 6 years. Tomorrow is the anniversary of the  shooting at the Pulse nightclub where 49 people were killed. We had the  shooting at the Pulse nightclub that killed 49 people. More than 50  people were gunned down in a concert in Las Vegas. There were shootings  at synagogues in California and Pittsburgh, shootings in Christian  churches in Charleston--gun crime after gun crime in neighborhoods,  suicides facilitated by guns, children finding loaded guns that were  unlocked and killing themselves or killing or wounding others. There  has been tragedy  [[Page S3311]]  after tragedy after tragedy. Yet there has not been a debate on the  floor of the Senate since April of 2013.   I think it is time to have a debate. Guess what. We have an  opportunity. There are two bills that have been passed by the House, by  strong margins, that are now pending before this body. I ask that the  Senate leadership allow us to have debates and votes on these bills.    One is a bill that would require background checks on all firearm  sales in the country. There is a bipartisan consensus that certain  people should not have weapons--felons, folks adjudicated mentally ill  and dangerous, folks who are subjected to domestic violence protective  orders. Yet the only way we can enforce those laws is by having a  working background check system to make sure that before a weapon gets  put into somebody's hand, we ensure that he is not prohibited from  having a weapon.   One of the House bills would make the national background check  system universal. We should take that bill up and debate it and vote on  it on the floor of the greatest deliberative body in the world, the  U.S. Senate.   The second bill that is pending here also deals with the background  check system and deals with the quirk that has been known as the  Charleston loophole. Just like with the Virginia Tech shooter, he got  his weapons but shouldn't have been able to have gotten them because of  his mental health adjudication. He got them because of there being a  weakness in the background check system. In Charleston, another  weakness showed itself. The individual who got the weapons and  perpetrated that horrible atrocity in the church was not able to get a  weapon, but there was a problem with the background check system.  Current Federal law says, if you try to buy a weapon and then the  background check is run on you and the check isn't done in 3 weeks,  they have to put the weapon in your hand even though the check isn't  done, even though you are prohibited from having a weapon. If they  can't do it in 3 weeks, you get the weapon even though it is illegal  for you to have the weapon. What kind of sense does that make? That is  known as the Charleston loophole.   The House has passed a bill that would end that, that would say that  you don't get the weapon until it has been confirmed that you are  legally able to have that weapon. That bill is in the Senate right now,  and we should be able to take it up.   I hope we will take up Federal legislation that I have filed with  others to restrict high-capacity magazines to 10 rounds. I have  introduced these bills in the past. So often, the police stop a lethal  shooting, not at the start but when somebody is changing out a  magazine. That gives some precious seconds to trained law enforcement  officers to stop a crime before it gets worse. In the Parkland shooting  in Florida last year, police stopped the shooter because, as he was  changing out the weapon, putting in the next magazine--he was not a  trained marksman--he jammed the gun. That was what enabled the police  to stop him or the carnage there would have been worse.   I would like to ban high-capacity magazines and limit them to 10. We  should be able to do this because we already do it. In Virginia, as in  virtually every State, we have a magazine limit. We put a limit on the  number of rounds you can put in a magazine if you are hunting a bird  or, in many States, if you are hunting a deer. Why do we have  limitations on magazines that are used by hunters? Because it wouldn't  be fair to the animal. It would not be fair to an animal to allow  somebody with a high-capacity magazine to hunt it.   Are our sensibilities about animals so different than they are about  humans? Do we want to protect animals more than we want to protect  humans? If we accept bans and limitations on magazines that are used in  hunting, why wouldn't we embrace a well-crafted limitation on high- capacity magazines that go into weapons that aren't for hunting animals  but that are designed to kill or to wound people?   I think Congress can encourage State, local, and Tribal governments  to adopt extreme risk protection orders that would remove firearms from  the hands of individuals who exhibit signs of mental health crises-- weapons that can be returned to them once the signs of crises are over.  I also hope we will consider legislation--Senator Klobuchar of  Minnesota has promoted this for years--to prevent domestic abusers from  keeping guns.   The bottom line is this. After each tragedy, we have an opportunity  to learn and improve. There are Americans, even those who support guns  in my State and even NRA members, who strongly support many of the  commonsense measures that I have mentioned. The question is, Are we  just going to keep offering platitudes or are we going to act to  actually protect our communities?   Finally, after a high-profile shooting, it is common for us to offer  thoughts and prayers to the victims. Some people get mad about that. I  don't. That is really important. We should be offering thoughts and  prayers to victims. It is an instinctive and common response that is a  good response, and we should do it.   We also ask questions about perpetrators. What was the motive? Why  did the person do this? We have a lot of unanswered questions about the  city employee who shot 12 people in Virginia Beach--answers that we  don't know and, in some instances, may never know. We don't yet have a  good explanation for the motivation, for example, of the shooter who  killed more than 50 people in Las Vegas.   Yet, while thoughts and prayers for victims are appropriate and  questions about perpetrators are appropriate, I think what the rest of  us ought to do is look in the mirror and ask some questions about  ourselves. It is hard for evil to exist in the world sometimes if there  aren't bystanders. For most of the evil that exists in the world, there  are bystanders who could stop it. Sadly, in recent years, the Congress  of the United States and my State legislature have been bystanders.   There are questions that we have to ask ourselves as we have bills  pending in the Senate that could be considered right now after the  latest one of these tragedies. Are we going to continue to be  bystanders? Will we respond to these tragedies with more than just  thoughts and prayers when there are steps to be taken that we know will  keep people safer? Will we have a meaningful debate and, hopefully,  find a path forward with regard to them or will we continue the kind of  gag rule that we will not take these matters up and not talk about  them?   Those are the questions that are on the floor for the body, and I  hope that the Senate will show courage and leadership in addressing  these matters.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   