 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the leadership for  bringing this bill up under suspension today, and to Representative  Tonko for yielding time, also, to Republican Leader Upton for his kind  words.   Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the entire Energy and  Commerce Committee for their long-term support for this bill. And I say  ``long-term'' because this bill has passed the House under suspension  under each of the past three Congresses.   Unfortunately, our friends in the Senate--and I use that word  loosely--have yet to bring it to the floor. I am glad the House is  considering this bill early in the session with plenty of time for the  Senate to act.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman Welch of Vermont,  particularly, for his leadership on this bill. It is no secret that he  is one of the great energy efficiency gurus in the House, and it has  been a pleasure for me to work with him.   Mr. Speaker, across the country, school districts spend billions of  dollars on their energy every year. These  [[Page H2329]]  are schools in need of upgrades and improvements to their facilities.   In its most recent Infrastructure Report Card, the American Society  of Civil Engineers gave the condition of our Nation's schools a grade  of D-plus.   Now, what this bill proposes are enhancements that improve the state  of our schools, our economy, and our environment by implementing  economically and environmentally sustainable changes so school  administrators can address short-term and long-term needs. In reducing  their energy bills, schools can put the savings toward other  educational priorities.   Now, according to the EPA and the Department of Energy, K-12 school  districts, nationwide, spend approximately $8 billion on their energy  every year, second only to personnel costs. $8 billion exceeds the  costs of textbooks and supplies. An estimated $2 billion of that cost  could be saved by improving energy efficiency, an amount that can pay  for 40 million textbooks.   Moreover, 43 percent of schools, according to a Department of  Education survey, indicated that the poor condition of their facilities  interferes with the delivery of instruction. In fact, high-performance  schools can lower a school district's operating costs by up to 30  percent.   Now, there are numerous Federal initiatives already available to  schools to help them become more energy efficient, but these programs  are spread across the Federal Government, making it challenging, time  consuming, difficult, and costly for schools to identify and take full  advantage of these programs. We are talking about harried, busy school  administrators that don't have the time to dive in to do that kind of  research.   These programs exist for schools to utilize them. We should make  every effort to assist schools in enacting sensible upgrades that help  our students learn and help our schools run smoothly and efficiently.   This bipartisan Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act aims  to provide a coordinating structure for schools to help schools better  navigate available Federal programs and financing options. Now, this  legislation does not spend any additional money, and it keeps  decisionmaking authority with the States, the school boards, and the  local officials.   The bill establishes a clearinghouse through the Office of Energy  Efficiency and Renewable Energy. The clearinghouse will disseminate  information on Federal programs and financing mechanisms that may be  used to develop energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy  retrofitting projects for schools.   The bill also directs the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable  Energy to coordinate with Federal agencies and develop an outreach  program to streamline communications and promote available Federal  programs. For example, outreach may provide a single website where  school officials can learn, with one-stop shopping, about the relevant  programs.   This is commonsense legislation that will ensure that schools can  more easily take advantage of energy efficiency programs. It is a  strategic and cost-saving investment to relieve the fiscal pressure  felt by school districts across the Nation while bringing us closer to  energy security.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.   