 Madam Speaker, I rise to  support the Equality Act. I will not repeat the many eloquent things my  colleagues have said about the importance of the proposed legislation,  though I will thank the gentleman from New York and from Rhode Island  for their leadership and others. Nor will I refute the many foolish and  false things said on the other side.   This is landmark and essential civil rights protection for those who  now don't have it. It is no more, it is no less than others enjoy. It  respects the First Amendment and the exercise of religion in exactly  the same way as we do now for every other civil rights context. It puts  the law on the side of those who continue to face invidious  discrimination based not on their character, but on who they are.   Many others have said this better than I will, but, Madam Speaker, I  do want to speak to one group of my colleagues: those who know this is  a good bill and, yet today, will vote no. To those colleagues, I ask  you to consider the score.   In this Chamber, we are all familiar with scores. A score is what  some powerful group usually threatens us with when they fear we will  vote for something because we believe it is the right thing to do. It  often works that way. We believe a vote is right, but don't vote that  way, they say, or we will score it against you. That is how Washington  scores.   But, history scores differently. Conscience has its own rules.  Decency sees something beyond such agendas. History records the good.  Conscience aligns with what is right. Decency endures the unfair  attacks and protects what truly matters.   This is a good and simple bill of extraordinary historical  importance. It sits high above our daily considerations. Each of us in  our careers will be lucky if we come to this floor on a single day when  history is made, on a day when, by our vote, we can count ourselves  among those who have cared for and who have nurtured the original  promise embedded in our founding documents.   Others have done much more than we will do today or any day: on the  battlefield, or in Seneca Falls, or on the Edmund Pettus Bridge, or  simply in their daily dignified decisions to love their neighbors as  themselves.   Madam Speaker, I know my colleagues are good and decent people. Let  conscience guide us to the right, and, please, support this bill.   