 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life  of my friend and colleague, Walter Beaman Jones, Jr., who passed away  on February 10, 2019 at the age of 76. His passing is a deep loss to  this institution, and we miss him dearly in the House of  Representatives. Walter was proud to represent North Carolina's 3rd  congressional district, a geographically diverse district, for over 24  years and always found a way to address the concerns of his coastal  constituency as well as his rural inland residents.   Those who knew Walter remember a tenacious, earnest and passionate  Member of Congress, who tirelessly fought for what was right.  Throughout his 24 years in Congress, Walter represented his district  and constituents with a passion and intensity that I think we each  strive to emulate. He followed a moral compass that rarely took him off  course. In the rare event that it did, he did not let himself off the  hook and dedicated his life and career to right any wrong. Walter was  known for saying: ``I would rather do what I think is right than to  sell my political soul.''   Walter spent much of his career in Congress serving on the Armed  Services Committee. In this capacity, he stood up for military  families, investigated corruption within the Department of Defense, and  was relentless in his pursuit to bring our troops home from Iraq.  Walter sent over 12,000 letters to families who had lost loved ones  overseas and gave over 150 floor speeches to clear the names of two  Marine Corps pilots who were unfairly blamed for a deadly military  accident. He was also passionate about renaming the Department of the  Navy to the Department of the Navy and the Marine Corps to better  reflect the service and sacrifice of our Marines. Walter was one of the  most independent voices in Congress. He was never afraid to vote  against his party or President if it was what he thought was best for  his constituents, his district, and the nation.   I had the opportunity to work closely with Walter on several  legislative initiatives. He was the lead Republican cosponsor of the  Youth Promise Act, a comprehensive juvenile justice bill that I first  introduced in 2007. We were proud to have core provisions of the Youth  Promise Act included in the Juvenile Justice Reform Act passed by  Congress and signed by President Trump late last year. We also worked  together on legislation to protect the mid-Atlantic coast from offshore  drilling.   Madam Speaker, the House of Representatives lost one of its most  dedicated public servants last month. We were all lucky and privileged  to know and work with Walter Jones. I join my colleagues in expressing  our sympathy to Walter's wife Joe Anne, his family, many friends, and  constituents for their loss.   