 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding.   I just want to note at the start of this resolution for the first  three pages I agree with everything. We have great quotes in here of  our Founders and American Presidents who talk about the strength of  this country that has come from immigrants and immigration, and I  wholeheartedly concur.   As we get to page 4, though, I have significant disagreement. I would  note that on page 4 on the whereas, it is noted that ``Trump's racist  comments have legitimized fear and hatred of new Americans,'' and I  just want to make a point to my friends across the aisl because in  paragraph 2 you note that it is committed to keeping America open to  those who lawfully seek refuge and asylum from violence and oppression.  Lawfully seek refuge and asylum.    But I would note that, just recently, President Trump has said those  who have sought asylum, had a hearing, and have a deportation order,  you all are offended by that. You didn't include in your resolution  those who had deportation orders issued, your opposition to them being  removed. So you actually agree with us and President Trump that those  who have lawful orders of deportation should be sent out of the  country, just to cite your resolution.   But I want to note, Mr. Speaker, that I have looked closely at the  chain of three tweets sent out by President Trump, and in those tweets  I see nothing that references anybody's race, not a thing. I don't see  anyone's name being referenced in the tweets.   But the President is referring to people--Congresswomen--who are  anti-American. And lo and behold, everybody in this Chamber knows who  he is talking about. Who are the anti-American Members of Congress? He  didn't say their names. He did not say their race, but he commented on  how they view America. And we all know who he was talking about.   I want immigrants to come to this country, but if you come to this  country, shouldn't you love this country? We all come here and see  imperfection, and we work every week trying to make our country better,  but to say I wholeheartedly dislike the country, the fact that I am  going to call the President an mf'er, good Lord, what has the  institution become?   And then to come to this floor and chastise the President for a  couple of tweets, when that is the language we use against him?   That is rich, Mr. Speaker, that that is the language that the left  would use and then try to call out the President who didn't cite a race  or he didn't cite a name.   I look at this, and I think we are all called to do better and be  better. We  [[Page H5851]]  should make this country better. But when I look at some who say I  believe that socialism is a purer form of government and a better  economic economy over capitalism that has given us the freest, most  generous, most prosperous country that has ever existed on the face of  the Earth, and we want to trade this in for a system that has always  failed?   I think you are going to see Republicans push back against that, and  I think many Democrats will push back against that, and I think that is  what this argument really comes down to.   And one other note, I look at some of my conservatives like Candace  Owens, Diamond and Silk, Justice Thomas--   