 Mr. Chairman, I claim time in  opposition, although it is a technical opposition. I am not opposed to  the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, throughout middle and late  October and into the first of November, Congressman Bishop and I  crisscrossed paths many times and sometimes--in fact, many times--ended  up in the same room trying to help our farmers. The storm straddled our  districts.   I have never seen the devastation to our crops that I saw over those  couple of weeks, and that devastation is still there.   I can't thank my colleague, Congressman Bishop, enough for his work  and his help on this amendment. I would also like to thank his staff  and the staff of both the Democrats and Republicans on the  Appropriations Committee.   The gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt) has been a tremendous  amount of help, as has Ms. Granger, and Chairwoman Lowey on the  Democratic side. Mr. McGovern has been a lot of help. A lot of people  have reached out and been willing to help those of us in the Southeast,  and I can't say thank you enough for that.   Our losses are estimated at over $5.4 billion for Alabama, Florida,  Georgia, and the Carolinas.   The underlying text of the bill is good--in fact, I think it is very  good--and sets a framework that will be used as we go forward in the  years to handle disaster relief for agriculture. The primary problem is  that the request of $1.1 billion currently included in the base text  simply does not fund the formula for the losses.   With Congressman Bishop's help, we have worked to draft the  amendment, increasing that amount by $1.9 billion, to a total of $3  billion, which I believe, along with Mr. Bishop, more accurately  reflects the need to fund the formula.   I, again, hope my colleagues will support the amendment.   I want to thank Congressman Bishop and the many others who have  worked with us on this.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Rouzer).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance  of my time.   