 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Kelly for giving me time to  speak in support of H.R. 748, the Middle Class Health Benefits Tax  Repeal Act of 2019. This bill will provide much-needed relief from one  of the most burdensome and blunt taxes in ObamaCare.   By repealing this tax, we will save employers from paying a 40  percent tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage. The bill  will provide much-needed relief not only for employers but for  employees, some of whom are low-income earners with high-cost health  benefits who are forced to bear the repercussions of this tax.   That said, I am disappointed that the majority chose not to repeal  the medical device tax or the health insurance tax, both of which are  harming hardworking Americans across the country.   The medical device tax is a 2.3 percent excise tax on the value of  medical devices sold domestically. Making lifesaving products more  expensive is not good policy and should be included in this repeal  bill.   The health insurance tax, or HIT, is a more than $100 billion sales  tax on private health insurance that affects every private plan in the  country. At a time when we are all trying to lower the cost of  healthcare, why are the Democrats in the majority preventing us from  removing this unnecessary and burdensome tax?   This bill could do so much more, but I am happy that the majority is  finally admitting that the ObamaCare tax increases are bad for the  country and that good tax policy doesn't need to be replaced with more  bad tax hikes.   At a time when much of our healthcare system is failing, when  healthcare costs are still unaffordable for many, when Medicare will be  insolvent within a decade, and when Medicaid's uncontrollable costs are  bankrupting our States, it still leaves millions of low- and middle- income earners without access to doctors. We should be working harder  to provide more access and choice to the American people in a fiscally  responsible way.   Madam Speaker, I support the repeal of this tax, and I urge adoption  of the bill.   