 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I came to the floor last week to talk  about the challenges facing farmers right now. While the broader  economy is thriving, a combination of low commodity prices, protracted  trade disputes, and natural disasters and weather-related issues have  left many farmers and ranchers struggling.   In my home State of South Dakota, farmers and ranchers are dealing  with the aftermath of severe winter storms, heavy rainfall, bomb  cyclones, and spring flooding. Planting is behind schedule, and many  farmers will not be able to plant at all this year. Yet, while the news  has generally been tough for farmers and ranchers lately, there are a  couple of recent happenings that are worth celebrating.   Japan's announcement that it was lifting age limits on U.S. beef  imports is a win for America's ranchers, who will be able to  substantially increase their sales to Japan. Also, the administration's  move to lift the ban on the year-round sale of E15--15-percent ethanol- blended fuel--went live in the Federal Register yesterday. This is  great news for corn producers in South Dakota and around the Nation.   I have been advocating for higher blends of ethanol for more than a  decade, and I have spent a lot of time advocating for the year-round  sale of E15. Year-round E15 is a win-win-win-win situation. It is a win  for consumers and for our economy. It is a win for the environment. It  is a win for our Nation's energy security. It is also a big win for our  Nation's agriculture industry.   Year-round E15 will not only provide consumers with a cheaper  alternative at the pump, but it will keep gas prices lower. Plus, the  year-round sale of E15 means more ethanol can be sold each year, for  gas stations will have a greater incentive to sell E15 now that they  will no longer have to go through the costly process of reworking and  relabeling E15 pumps at the start of the summer's driving season and  then of converting them back in the fall. Increased demand will fuel  further growth in the ethanol industry, which already supports hundreds  of thousands of U.S. jobs and contributes tens of billions of dollars  to our economy.   Year-round sales of E15 are also a win for our environment in that  ethanol is a cleaner burning fuel than is regular gasoline, which means  fewer greenhouse gas emissions. In fact, ethanol reduces greenhouse gas  emissions by more than one-third. Biofuels like ethanol are key to  there being a lower carbon energy future, and the next generation of  advanced biofuels will further lower emissions.   Another major advantage to ethanol is that it diminishes our  dependence on foreign oil. Ethanol is a homegrown fuel, and the more we  are producing here at home the less we have to rely on unstable  countries or far-off sources to meet our fuel needs.   Finally, of course, the year-round sale of E15 is a big win for our  Nation's corn producers. America's farmers don't just feed our country.  They help fuel it, too. Roughly half of the corn produced in my home  State of South Dakota goes into ethanol production.   Increased demand for ethanol as a result of the administration's  decision could boost demand for corn by up to 2 billion bushels. That  would be a significant boost to U.S. corn producers at any point, but  it is an especially big deal given the challenges the agriculture  sector has faced over the past several years.   U.S. corn producers are one of the main reasons I have been a  relentless advocate for higher blends of ethanol, and I am very happy  the President has delivered on his commitment to year-round sales of  E15. As we move forward, I will continue to advocate for biofuels and  the environmental and economic benefits they bring. Conventional  ethanol has laid the foundation for advanced biofuels, which will have  even lower life cycle emissions.   American ingenuity has turned the corner to create ethanol from other  parts of plants like corn kernel fiber, boosting yields, but we need  the Environmental Protection Agency to end the yearlong delays and  approve registrations.   I will also continue to urge the Environmental Protection Agency to  stop its practice of granting small refiner exemptions to the renewable  fuel standard that discourage demand for ethanol. These so-called  hardship waivers should be limited only to instances where small  refiners would no longer be profitable or competitive if they comply  with their blending obligation. They should not be granted to refiners  who are posting billion-dollar profits and seeking to game the system.  We need to make sure the EPA is granting waivers appropriately and in a  transparent manner.   That said, the year-round sale of E15 will actually help refiners  because it will incentivize higher ethanol blending and drive down  compliance costs.   I am thankful that President Trump made good on his commitment to our  farmers to get the E15 rule done, and I am glad he is back in the  heartland today so he can hear firsthand about the difference this will  make in farm country.   While we have a long way to go to get the agricultural economy  thriving again, I am heartened by this victory for our corn producers,  and I will continue to make our Nation's farmers and ranchers a  priority here in Washington.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes  following the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), and  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), and  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), and  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``aye.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), and  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), and  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), and  the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea''.   