 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to ask my colleagues to reject  the rule that would enable a vote later this week on reauthorizing the  Export-Import Bank.   Many of you will say: ``Why, Frank, of all people, would you come to  the floor to ask for the rejection of the rule and the underlying  bill?'' The reason they would ask that is because no one has worked  harder than I have, in my career here, to make sure that this economic  tool is available to American businesses. No one has struggled harder  than I have to make sure that those individuals who make their living  in the industries that use the Bank are able to continue to do that. No  one has worked harder.   The last time this bill was reauthorized, I sat in the majority. My  leadership at that time was opposed to the reauthorization of the  Export-Import Bank. My colleague from Tennessee and I used a procedure  from the beginning of the previous century to discharge a clean version  of the bill, to bring it to the floor, to pass it, and, ultimately, for  it to be passed by the Senate and signed by the President. So there is  no one who appreciates more than I do the importance of this bill.   So, why am I here? I had a couple of amendments offered in the Rules  Committee. I know some of my colleagues have said: ``Frank, why didn't  you offer those amendments in the markup of the bill?'' Well, Mr.  Speaker, I have been around here long enough, and I have been in this  great life that we live long enough, to understand there are some  fundamental rules.   My ranking member and my chairman on that committee engaged in one of  the most splendid, intense, philosophical battles over reauthorizing  this bill that you will ever see. They fought hard over every  principle. They had proponents on both sides of the committee trying to  drive the bill further to the left and, simultaneously, further to the  right. That is a difficult set of issues to balance out.   You say: ``Well, Frank, why weren't you engaged?'' There is an old  country logic that goes something like this: When your neighbor's bull  jumps into your pasture, or when two of your bulls get in the same  pasture together and engage in a fight and get mad and get hot and try  to fight to the death, you don't get between them because they will  kill you. They will kill you.   My perspective was, let the committee do its will, but on the floor  of this United States House, let's offer alternatives.   You say: ``What were your amendments that were rejected that would  have made a difference?''   Amendment No. 17 simply reflected what the White House had said: Send  us a clean 10-year reauthorization.   Clean, 10 years. Straightforward, understandable, logical.   But being the practical fellow I am, I offered amendment No. 18. What  did No. 18 say? Basically, it was the most popular bill in the United  States Senate at this time to reauthorize the institution: a 10-year  reauthorization, raise the capitalization level to $175 billion, and  address the quorum requirement.    Either amendment, I believe, would have passed the floor.  One amendment would have assured us a signature immediately. The second  amendment would have assured us, I believe, passage in the Senate. But  the forces fought themselves to exhaustion.   I came, as I had before, to appeal to this body as a whole. I was  denied that opportunity. So, yes, I am voting against the rule. I will  vote against the bill because, you see, somebody that matters greatly  on the other side of this campus said this bill will never be heard  over there, will never be heard.   I am here to make things happen, working with you. I am here working  on behalf of our constituents, working with you. That is what I tried.   Reject the rule. Force this back to the Rules Committee. Give me a  second chance. Give me a second chance. But you have to vote ``no'' on  the rule.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for the opportunity  to express my concerns.   