 Mr. President, I want to rise today to speak to the  Senate and compliment two of my colleagues, Senator Jim Inhofe from my  State of Oklahoma, my senior Senator, and Senator Jack Reed, for their  leadership and bipartisan work on this year's National Defense  Authorization Act for fiscal year 2020.   This is a complicated bill. It has had hundreds of amendments, both  in committee and in the initial managers' package that came out of  committee that has already been debated, and there are a lot more  amendments that are still being debated in the process.   It is an incredibly complicated issue to bring the authorization and  information for all military for the next year. It is something that  Congress has done for a long time. But for Jim Inhofe, this is his  first year to chair this committee and to actually be the driver for  this, and I think he has done an exceptional job of walking through  this piece of legislation.   It is a $750 billion authorization. There will be additional  appropriations that have to be done to be able to designate that, but  that is exactly what President Trump had asked for and said is what is  needed, and it is what the Department of Defense has said that they  would need to keep our country safe and to prepare for the future.   There are a lot of elements in the bill. I want to identify a few of  them, beginning with a 3.1-percent pay increase for our troops. That is  something that is much needed. The pay for our troops has been very,  very behind for a long time, and this starts an initial process of  getting them a little bit above inflation to start trying to catch up.   It also deals with an issue that is very important to our military  families, and that is their housing. There are many areas and many  bases and posts around the country and around the world where the  housing has fallen behind: mold issues, plumbing issues, electrical  issues, roofing issues, and flooring issues. It is important for the  members of our military to have a safe place that they come home to  that really feels like home. They are traveling around the world. They  are in difficult places, and as much as their families can be kept safe  and have a place that they can make home as a family--that is  exceptionally important. For those single men and women, it is  important that they have a place where they can actually get rest and  have connection with each other. This bill deals with additional  funding to deal with housing, which is much needed.   This bill also deals with spouses, in their transition from facility  to facility, being able to pick up an additional job. For many of the  spouses who are traveling with our men and women in the military, when  they move to a new base or post, they also want to pick up a new job in  that place. It takes months to do that transition now.   There is also an issue with licensing. If they have a professional  skill in one State, when they move to another State, there are some  additional hurdles for them just to move to that next State. This bill  helps deal with that and, again, helps those families know that when  they move, as we ask them to move to different locations, it is a  little bit easier on their family to also pick up a second job if they  choose to do that.   Oklahoma is home to Altus Air Force Base, Tinker Air Force Base,  Vance Air Force Base, Fort Sill Army Post, McAlester Army Ammunition  Plant, and, of course, the amazing facilities for our Army and Air  International Guard. We have a lot of folks in Oklahoma who are  veterans who come back to Oklahoma to retire, and a lot of folks who  are actively serving there. This bill deals with every one of those  facilities in some way.   Let me give a few examples. The KC-46 tanker--a brandnew tanker that  will be the refueler for the next generation--has already begun its  delivery. It  [[Page S4551]]  is coming to Altus, and it is already there at Altus Air Force Base. In  fact, I had the privilege, along with Senator Inhofe, to ride in from  Seattle on the very first KC-46 tanker coming to Altus Air Force Base  in the 97th Air Mobility Wing. That wing does all the training for  every pilot who will fly the KC-46 for the decades ahead. Whether they  are in the Reserve or in the Guard or Active Duty, they are going to be  connected to Altus Air Force Base for the KC-46. It has long been  awaited, and it is finally arriving.   This bill does the authorization for an additional 15 tankers, as we  are modernizing that force, and we will do a few every single year for  quite a while.   The bill includes funding for the procurement of critical Army  weapons and combat vehicles, including the Paladin Integrated  Management System upgrade, which is assembled in Elgin, OK, right next  to Fort Sill. The Fires Center of Excellence at Fort Sill organizes,  trains, and equips all the Paladin units in the Army Paladin  Integration Management. In fact, the skills that are coming in at Fort  Sill Fires Center of Excellence are asked for all over the world.  Almost every one of our allies and every single foreign base is asking  for the good folks from Fort Sill who are trained to help protect our  men and women around the world.   Additionally, Senator Inhofe and Senator Reed and all their staff  have worked to get in some of the amendments that I brought in on the  base text. Those amendments--they heard it out. We got a chance to have  dialogue. They have now been included long term.   One of those that I worked with one of my colleagues on--Senator  Shaheen--we worked on a sense-of-the-Senate on dealing with Turkey.  Turkey is a NATO ally. They worked very closely with us in the  development of the F-35, but we have a problem. The leadership in  Turkey is now reaching out to Russia to buy the S-400 air defense  system. The F-35 is incompatible with the S-400 Russian system sitting  right next to it. We will never ever allow the F-35 to sit next to the  Russian S-400 system.   We tried to make that clear in multiple conversations with Turkey and  with Turkey's leaders. We tried to bring this up over and over again. I  worked with Senator Inhofe, along with my colleagues, Senator Shaheen  and Senator Jack Reed, to make it clear that we will not allow the F-35  to be sold to Turkey if they are also going to purchase the S-400 from  Russia.   I maintain my strong support for the F-35 program and applaud its  advanced capability. The military actually will be shaped around the F- 35 in the days ahead, based on its capabilities. But we cannot allow  Turkey to have the F-35 and also buy a Russian system at the same time.   One of my other amendments that I dealt with when I was dealing with  Turkey and the F-35 and the security of that advanced weapons system  also dealt with something that some folks may not have noticed, but I  did, and other folks have as well, and that is the retirement of  chaplains.   We lose track at times that when people enter into the military,  these mandatory retirement ages will sneak up on folks. Well, it is  especially so for chaplains because many chaplains actually enter into  their service in the military after--as a second career. For many folks  in the military, that is their first career, and then they have a  second one, but not so for chaplains. Many of them are pastors or  missionaries or counselors in hospitals and other locations. They get  into their service and then time out.   Chaplains need a little bit of extra time to serve so they can serve  a full term with the U.S. military. One of our amendments in this bill  allows those chaplains to be able to complete service and be a part of  that.   There are many other aspects of this bill that is literally hundreds  of pages long that deal with military service. I want to bring up one  additional element. It is an element that has been in great debate in  conversation here in Congress, and it deals with the country of Iran.   This bill deals with not the military policy specifically with Iran  but deals with our defense and our preparation for any enemy, including  Iran. There is an amendment coming up for debate and conversation that  changes the rules of engagement with Iran, that literally says to this  administration that they cannot engage in any hostilities with Iran.  They can only defend themselves if attacked but cannot respond until  they get a vote from Congress.   I cannot imagine a worse set of rules of engagement for anyone in the  U.S. military who is forward-deployed and facing risk from Iran than to  say: You can respond when Congress votes for it.   I will certainly vote against that amendment, as it comes up as one  of the final amendments, to say to our military leadership: I will not  handcuff you in the face of the threat that is Iran.   I have heard folks on this floor and in the media want to lay the  issues we have with Iran on President Trump. May I remind this body  that we had 444 hostages taken in Iran in 1979. Iran was the mover that  bombed Beirut and our Embassy there in the 1980s. Iran is the one that  attacked the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia and killed many of our folks  in the 1990s. The reason Bashar Assad is still in power in Syria right  now is because Iran and their forces have brought them up. The reason  there is a civil war in Yemen right now is because Iran is providing  the weapons there and the insight to be able to instigate that civil  war that is happening in Yemen right now. The reason there is constant  peril on Israel's borders all the way around is because Iran is funding  Hezbollah and Iran is funding Hamas.   Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world, and the  instability in the region is not something new and is not President  Trump's fault. It has been a long-term issue with not only the United  States but all of the West and all of the region.   Our issue is not with the Iranian people. They are smart. They are  entrepreneurs. They are well educated. But they also live under the  thumb of a ruthless regime led by the ayatollahs. That regime squashed  the Green Movement several years ago in Iran--the people just wanting  more freedom.   The issues we are facing with Iran right now are not President  Trump's fault, are not because he is being mean, just as Iran's attack  on the Khobar Towers and the murder of many of our people was not  because President Clinton had put sanctions on Iran the year before. It  wasn't President Clinton's fault that the Khobar Towers were attacked;  it is not President Trump's fault in this case. He has pushed back on a  terrorist regime and is demanding that they change their ways not only  in the nuclear setting but also in conventional terrorism around the  region and, quite frankly, around the world. We cannot allow them to  continue to terrorize their neighbors.   No one wants a war with Iran. That is why we have used sanctions and  diplomatic means to address this. All these accusations that the  President is secretly going to try to take us to war with Iran I find  absurd, especially for the man who is trying to get us out of a war in  Afghanistan, out of a war in Syria, and out of a war in Iraq. Suddenly,  secretly, he wants to get into a war with Iran? That is absurd.   All of the region is looking to us to help push back on the biggest  bully in the region for decades, and every President since Jimmy Carter  has tried to isolate and push back on Iran. I do not want to suddenly  limit President Trump from trying to isolate and push back on Iran  because some folks don't trust him.   In the days ahead, we as a nation will cautiously, diplomatically,  economically isolate Iran to try to bring them into cooperation with  the rest of the world, but in the meantime, let's not handcuff our  folks who are in harm's way in that region and tell them: If you want  to respond, come and get a vote from us first.   In closing, I again thank Senator Inhofe, who has done tireless work  on this NDAA, and Senator Jack Reed for their great bipartisan  leadership on this. They have done yeomen's work on this.   I hope that this bill will not only pass the Senate but that we will  put it on the President's desk in the days ahead and give some  stability to our military forces around the world and that they will  know we understand that 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, and in every  time zone in the world, they are standing watch for peace and freedom.  They are not a threatening presence. They are a peaceful presence, and  [[Page S4552]]  their strength has brought exceptional peace to the world. I am  grateful for them and for their families and for the amazing sacrifice  they make every day.   I yield the floor.   