 Mr. President, I start by thanking my friend and  colleague from West Virginia, Senator Manchin, for his remarks and for  his steadfast support for workers throughout the United States of  America and for working to try to bring us together in a bipartisan  manner to get things done in the United States.   I rise today to give thanks to all who serve our country in uniform  and as civilians. Even as partisan division and anger seem to reach new  depths every day, Democrats and Republicans have remained united in our  support and our high regard for our fellow Americans who honorably  serve in the U.S. Armed Forces. Those who serve have earned every  measure of gratitude shown to them by friends and neighbors and by all  of us here in the Congress.   Other public servants deserve our thanks as well, but unfortunately,  support for them is not nearly as unanimous or as universal. I will  focus the remainder of my remarks on them. While they do not go into  combat, they share the same dedication and love of country as those who  do. Many of them also go into harm's way--law enforcement officers,  diplomats in war-torn lands, smokejumpers fighting forest fires--and  all of them swear an oath to our Constitution, just like our troops and  just like Members of Congress.   I am talking about Federal civil servants. These dedicated public  servants, men and women, are not normally public figures, but the  Nation saw their strength and their character at the witness table in  last month's House impeachment hearings, Americans like Laura Cooper,  David Hale, George Kent, Bill Taylor, Jennifer Williams, Marie  Yovanovitch, all of whom have served in nonpolitical positions for all  or most of their careers. All of them testified before Congress under  subpoena.   These are just a few of the 2.1 million Americans who make up the  Federal civil service and the Foreign Service. They work together here  at home and abroad in every field of endeavor and on behalf of all of  us. For example, budding entrepreneurs can call on Small Business  Administration loan officers for help accessing capital and foreign  commercial service officers to help sell their inventions to the world.  Farmers know that the Natural Resources Conservation Service employees  can help them keep their land productive for the long term. Foreign  agricultural service diplomats help American farmers make a living  feeding the world.    Yet, too many of our colleagues, including many on the other side of  the aisle, have defamed public servants and now accuse those who  testified in the House of attacking the President. That accusation has  it exactly backward. The modern civil service was created after an  attack on a President in order to prevent future attacks on Presidents.  Yes, President Garfield was assassinated in 1883 by a disgruntled job  seeker.   In those days, each President handed out most of the Federal jobs,  often based on political allegiance more than skill. Imagine if that  system still existed today--small business loans going only to campaign  aides, law enforcement protecting only certain communities that voted  for the President, and farm assistance being denied to those who backed  the wrong Presidential candidate. Countries today with corrupt systems  like that are among the poorest on Earth. None of this came to pass in  America because the President who came after Garfield, Chester A.  Arthur, signed a law creating the modern civil service.   Today, the President still has the authority to make political  appointments to the most senior positions in the executive branch, but  the overwhelming majority of positions are career civil servants who  are hired based on merit, not political connections. The diplomatic  corps was similarly professionalized in the decades that followed.   Put simply, that swamp was drained. Now other swamps have arisen, and  actions like campaign finance reform are badly needed to address them,  but professional civil servants are not the problem. In fact, since the  civil service and Foreign Service were created, they have risen to  every challenge. They mobilized America's resources to protect the  public health and to beat back the Great Depression and wage war on  fascism and on poverty.   Over the last half century, as the number of Americans they are  serving has grown by more than 120 million, the number of civil  servants has remained flat. That is doing a lot more with less.   If problems arise in the conception or execution of Federal programs,  they must always be acknowledged and they must be fixed. Congress works  hard to do that, often with the help of whistleblowers who raise the  alarm about great fraud, waste, and abuse.   But some of my colleagues and our predecessors have made the terrible  mistake over the last 40 years of systematically disparaging all  ``bureaucrats.'' This causes incalculable harm by turning good people  away from public service and demoralizing those who are there. It hurts  dedicated public servants to hear ``bureaucrat'' spat out as some kind  of insult when the Senator or candidate doing so was probably more  upset by the policies they were directed to implement than the civil  servants implementing those policies.   Of course, the attacks and criticism leveled against Federal  employees in the past were a lovefest compared to the hostility  demonstrated by this administration and this President--assaulting them  with name calling, assaulting bargaining rights, and even moving  offices 1,000 miles away to get people to quit.   A new report by the Partnership for Public Service finds plummeting  morale at the U.S. Department of Agriculture driven by a huge decline  in scores at the USDA's Economic Research Service and the National  Institute of Food and Agriculture. The Trump administration did not  like the reports that those researchers at those agencies were  publishing, and they punished them by suddenly moving their jobs  halfway across the country and in the process lost hundreds of  experienced, knowledgeable Federal employees in the area of  agriculture. The vast majority of staff at those agencies lost their  jobs when they decided not to move, and many of their jobs now remain  unfilled. This has needlessly caused an upheaval that is delaying all  sorts of reports on which those in the farming economy rely.   This administration's hostile atmosphere has been cited as  contributing to a 61-percent increase in civil servants resigning  during the first 18 months of this administration, including almost  1,600 leaving the EPA. Nearly half of our most senior Foreign Service  officers left the government during President Trump's first 2 years,  along with  [[Page S7134]]  many midcareer diplomats. Applications to the Foreign Service are at a  10-year low during this Presidency--a hollowing out at every level. It  will take a generation to recover.   But as vicious as the attacks on Federal employees have been during  the first 3 years of this administration, in recent months, we faced an  even more insidious threat from a President who incites his followers  to violence in one breath or tweet and spews venom against individual-- individual--public servants by name in the next. These verbal assaults  have led to harassment of government employees, like those who appeared  as witnesses in the House. The President's supporters have acted, in  many cases, on his incitements. There have been at least 29 criminal  attacks or threats prosecuted in our courts where the attacker was  echoing the President's rhetoric, according to one analysis.   This need to maintain support for our Federal employees is going to  be especially important in the next several months when events will  unfold that are sure to evoke strong passions across the political  spectrum and around the country.   First, the election season is heating up, as will, no doubt, the  President's criticisms of those with whom he disagrees, and we are  going to consider the question in this body of impeachment, as they are  doing so today in the House.   I know it is hard, but I ask my fellow Americans to set aside for a  moment how they feel about the impeachment case. Set that aside, and  think about the particular individuals who testified, what they did and  what they did not say. Think about Ambassador Taylor and Mr. Kemp, who  learned four languages, not to seek personal wealth or personal glory  but to advocate for our country. Think about being raised on stories of  Nazi and Soviet oppression of your parents, like Marie Yovanovitch. No  one could have faulted her for seeking a more comfortable life here.  Instead, she ventured back out to some of the most dangerous parts of  the world and sometimes at significant personal risk to herself. She  went abroad to extend the American people's hand of friendship and to  pursue our interests. She went as the direct, chosen representative of  three Presidents.   These public servants don't have the luxury of choosing the policies  they pursue or of just speaking their own minds at any time. Setting  aside the personal beliefs they may hold, all the public servants I  have spoken to so far served America under both administrations of both  parties. Even last month, they did not have the luxury of speaking  their minds on subjects of their choice or at a time of their choosing,  as we do right here in the U.S. Senate. No, congressional subpoenas and  their duty to our constitutional laws compelled them to testify, not to  opinions but to facts.   The witnesses spoke about their love of country and pride in serving  it. They did not speak about political affiliations or show any desire  to undermine, let alone overthrow, this or any other President. They  honored their oath of office, just as other dedicated civil servants  and Foreign Service Officers do every day, striving to accomplish what  Congress, the President, and their agency leaders ask of them.   Nobody--nobody--who swears the same oath to the Constitution, as we  do in this Chamber, should criticize them for honoring their oath.   Far from a nefarious deep state, the depth of knowledge, the  expertise, and the diligence of public servants show the depth of our  agencies of government, the depth of our state. They are the ballast  that keeps the ship of state on course.   We believe that America's strength springs not only from the  undisputed benefits of a free people pursuing their ambitions and  dreams but also from sometimes harnessing those talents for important  national purposes.   We believe that America's greatness has resulted not only from a  collection of individuals acting alone but from our capacity to work  together for the common good. We should not see government as the enemy  but as the imperfect instrument by which we can accomplish together, as  a people, what no individual or corporation can accomplish alone.   I ask my colleagues to stop, to think about what we have built in  this country--a system of government that has helped eradicate many  diseases, sent mankind to the Moon, built the infrastructure to connect  the continent, and so much more. American ingenuity, harnessed to  common purpose through government, powered these achievements.   As we look to the future, let's consider what it will take to  maintain our momentum and maintain our greatness as a united country.  It takes people. It takes skilled people, and it takes, among others  working in our free society, a dedicated public service. We will lose  those public servants, as we are already seeing, if people keep  attacking them.   Let's ask ourselves a simple question. What kind of country do we  want to be--a country that embraces all who serve, in uniform and out  of uniform, or a country that retreats even further into tribalism and  political echo chambers?   I am proud to stand with our civil servants. In 2017, Senator  Sullivan and I cofounded the Foreign Service Caucus to support our  diplomats, a bipartisan start toward turning the tide.   This week, we have taken additional steps forward with the passage of  paid parental leave for Federal employees, and we will pass a well- deserved pay raise shortly. There is so much more we can do. Senators  can start right now and take personal responsibility for ushering in a  new era of respect for all of our public servants. I ask my colleagues  on both sides of the Capitol to stop the insults, stop the verbal  assaults, and stop questioning the patriotism of these fine Americans.   We can fight over programs; we can fight over budgets; but let's not  speak ill of civilians who serve. Let's not hurl the term  ``bureaucrat'' as a slur. Let's not call people in certain government  agencies ``scum.'' Let's disagree with witnesses without questioning  their patriotism.   Let's remember that those who join the Federal service do so out of a  desire to help their fellow Americans and that they deserve our respect  and our thanks. If we want to know what is really going on with the  Federal program, we should be talking to our civil servants to get  ideas about what is working and what needs to be fixed. They are always  willing to offer their opinions for those purposes. If you want to root  out waste, fraud, and abuse, let's keep open the lines of communication  with Federal employees and whistleblowers. Remember that Federal  employees cannot bargain for wages or benefits, so, instead, they  bargain for a workplace that works better for the American people.    On April 19, we will mark 25 years since the bombing of the Alfred P.  Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City--America's deadliest domestic  terror attack, where 168 people perished, many of them Federal workers.  As we honor all those who were killed that day, we must come together,  across the aisle. We must reject the idea of politically motivated  violence. And we must do it every day, not just on the anniversary of  that tragedy.   We can do this. I have confidence we can do it because we have done  something like it before. I mentioned at the outset of my remarks our  universal respect for our fellow citizens and aspiring citizens who  serve in the military. But it wasn't always universally so.   During the war in Vietnam, many of us remember how polarized and  divided our country was and how in some cases disagreement over the war  morphed, for some, into directing anger at our troops. This country  learned from that mistake. We turned the tide. We came together. Now we  have nearly universal agreement that it is wrong to blame  servicemembers for carrying out decisions to go to war that they had no  part in making themselves; that you can disagree with the war but still  embrace the warrior.   For too many of our colleagues, especially as we witness what is  happening on the other side of the Capitol, that fallacy is playing out  again today; people are blaming and attacking public servants for  following the laws they are sworn to uphold, for obeying lawful  subpoenas, and for doing their duty to tell the truth.   I am an optimist, and I believe today's critics will learn from our  past mistakes and correct our approach in the future, just as we  learned after the  [[Page S7135]]  Vietnam war that it was wrong to criticize or focus our anger on our  soldiers, even if we disagreed with the war they were deployed to  undertake and fight.   I hope we will take that same approach with respect to our civil  servants; that we will understand and honor their service. I hope we  will all then jointly proclaim that alongside the greatest military in  the world, we have the greatest civil service and the greatest Foreign  Service the world has ever seen.   I yield the floor.   