 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding.   Listen, I share the same concerns. I don't think there is anybody I  agree with, probably, on 99 percent of what we talk about than Mr.  Neal; and I have been, for the last couple years, trying to figure out  how to fix this.   If this would actually fix it, that would be great. We look at this  like it is some type of a government program that hasn't been run  right; and Lord knows, there is enough of those out there. This is a  private plan.   We keep talking about union members, and I have to tell you, I live  in a union town. I grew up with union members. I work with people. My  dad was the first Kelly to wear a white shirt to work for crying out  loud.   But the question isn't about union members being irresponsible. It is  about union plans that just didn't function the way they are supposed  to.   If I knew going out of here today and voting for this legislation  would fix the problem, I would do it in a minute. But we know it is not  going to. And then we will have people who will clap and say, yes, they  passed it. Well, we are going in the right direction. And we know it is  not going any further than the floor of the House.   Fixing the plan is paramount. Let's quit figuring out who we are  going to put the blame on and figure out how we are going to fix it.   I am not saying it is anybody's fault on their own. But,  collectively, you have got to look at, if I am a member of a union, I  am saying: So all those things that I won at the bargaining table, all  that compensation I passed up, all those things that I could have asked  for but didn't because I was planning for the future, I found out that  the people who I entrusted my future to weren't capable of running the  program the right way.    The program that we have at my small business is okay. We are going  to be able to meet our obligations. We have got to stop using taxpayer  money to fix irresponsible decisions or actions by people who didn't-- maybe they knew what they were doing; maybe they didn't know what they  were doing. I am not blaming anybody. But the real problem sits on our  doorstep right now today.   And believe me, there is nothing easier than loaning other people's  money to somebody who needs it. I get that. But the truth of the matter  is every single penny we talk about comes out of hardworking American  taxpayers' pockets. They had no role to play in this, and what we are  saying is you are going to have to bail them out.    Mr. Speaker, I want to fix this. I want to  see it fixed, and I want to see everybody in labor feel that all those  generational gains, all of that negotiation actually meant something.   I think it is a shame when they look at, well, why isn't it  functioning the way we were told it was functioning when we signed that  contract? It wasn't their fault. It certainly wasn't the rest of  America's taxpayers. Something failed, probably a lot more than one  instance's worth.   But today, we aren't fixing this. We are putting it across something  that isn't going to get through the Senate, and we are giving people  false hope, which I think is the worst thing we can do. Let's not make  promises we can't keep.   Chairman Neal, I would be glad to work with you any amount of time.  However we have to do it to get this fixed, it has to get fixed.   