 Mr. President, after years of economic stagnation during  the Obama administration, we are experiencing an economic revival.  Thanks to Republican economic policies, the economy has taken off  during the Trump administration. Unemployment is near its lowest level  in half a century. June marked the 16th month that unemployment has  been at or below 4 percent. For 15 straight months--15 straight  months--we have had more job openings than Americans looking for work.  Right now, there are roughly 1.6 million more job openings than  Americans looking for work. That is the largest margin ever recorded.  June also marked the 11th straight month that wage growth has been at  or above 3 percent. Before 2018, wage growth had not hit 3 percent in  nearly a decade.   Importantly, the benefits of this economic growth are being spread  far and wide. Ordinary Americans are seeing bigger paychecks, more  jobs, and more opportunities. Over the past 3 years, pay hikes for the  lowest income workers have grown the fastest. Huge numbers of new blue- collar jobs have been created. Unemployment rates for minorities have  decreased substantially. The unemployment rates for Asian Americans,  African Americans, and Hispanic Americans are all at or near record  lows.   While our economy as a whole is thriving, there is one segment of our  economy that is not fully enjoying the economic growth we have been  experiencing. While our Nation's farmers and ranchers have seen  benefits from tax reform, years of commodity and livestock prices that  are below the cost of production, protracted trade disputes, and  natural disasters mean our agricultural economy is trailing behind the  economy as a whole.   I am privileged to represent South Dakota farmers and ranchers in the  U.S. Senate, and addressing the needs of these hard-working Americans  is one of my top priorities.   Recently, I was very pleased to be able to help persuade the  Department of Agriculture to move the haying and grazing date to  September 1 for this year for cover crops on prevent plant acres. This  will allow farmers and ranchers in northern States like South Dakota to  sow cover crops without worrying that they won't be able to harvest or  graze them before winter weather sets in.   Cover crops help farmers by improving soil health, which improves  future yields, and they can save farmers significant money by serving  as an important source of feed. That second benefit is particularly  important for farmers right now. Due to last year's severe and lengthy  winter, feed supplies disappeared, leaving no reserves. Cornstalks--a  source of grazing and bedding--will be in short supply this year, and  so will the supply of alfalfa due to winterkill. Cover crops will be  crucial to alleviating this feed shortage.   If necessary, I will be encouraging the Department of Agriculture to  release Conservation Reserve Program acres for emergency haying and  grazing this year to further address the feed shortage.   The best source of information about what farmers and ranchers need  is the farmers and ranchers themselves. Right now, producers are  telling me that what they need more than anything else is market access  for their products around the globe. Farmers and ranchers depend on  trade. Our Nation's farmers and ranchers don't just sell their products  here at home; they sell them around the world. In my home State of  South Dakota, we export  [[Page S4874]]  a substantial portion of the agricultural products we produce. Right  now, though, farmers and ranchers are facing a lot of uncertainty when  it comes to trade.   While farmers appreciate the assistance the administration has  provided to offset the lower commodity prices resulting from current  U.S. trade policies, they would prefer to receive a check from selling  their products instead of from the government.   Farmers are deeply concerned that their access to global markets,  which has already diminished, will continue to erode, as U.S.  agricultural products continue to be replaced by those from foreign  competitors.   That is why passing the United States-Mexico-Canada trade agreement  and wrapping up the other trade agreements the U.S. is negotiating has  to be a priority. I have repeatedly relayed this message to the  President and key members of his administration, and I will continue to  do so.   While I strongly support the administration's goal of strengthening  market access for our Nation's farmers and ranchers, the most urgent  need right now is to get farmers certainty about what international  markets are going to look like. Agreements with China, Japan, and the  European Union all need to be concluded quickly to end current trade  and market uncertainties.   We need to pass the already negotiated United States-Mexico-Canada  Agreement as soon as humanly possible. This agreement will preserve and  expand market access for farmers and ranchers in two of our Nation's  most significant agricultural export markets--Canada and Mexico. Of  particular interest to the rapidly growing dairy industry in South  Dakota, USMCA will expand market access for U.S. dairy products in  Canada. The U.S. International Trade Commission estimates that the  agreement will boost U.S. dairy exports by more than $277 million. The  agreement will also expand market access for U.S. poultry and egg  producers, and it will make it easier for American producers to export  wheat to Canada.   Senate Republicans are ready to pass this agreement as soon as the  President formally submits it to Congress. We are just waiting for  Democrats in the House, who have still not indicated they are ready to  take up the agreement despite the significant steps taken to address  their priorities. It is high time for the Democrats in the House to  make it clear they are ready to approve this agreement and allow our  Nation's agricultural producers to start seeing the benefits. I will  continue to fight to get USMCA passed as soon as possible.   I am honored to represent thousands of farmers and ranchers in the  Senate. I am proud that Republican economic policies have been lifting  Americans across the economic spectrum. I will continue to work to get  our Nation's agricultural economy going again so that our Nation's  farmers and ranchers can prosper and thrive.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr.  Tillis).   