 Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Georgia for  yielding me the time.   It is tough to get up and speak after the Federalist Papers have been  referenced because they do go to the core of who we are. So does  election integrity.   I look around, and I see my friends from the other side of the aisle,  along with friends on my side of the aisle, and election integrity is a  shared value. So you would think that the solution to election  integrity challenges would be a shared solution.   But if I go to my friends on the Republican side of the House  Administration Committee, the only one of the 10 committees this bill  was referred to that marked it up, I will find that not one Republican  was consulted on the drafting of this language.   Mr. Chairman, you have heard my colleagues talk about the wholesale  changes to election law--State election law--across this country. You  would think, Mr. Chairman, that we would have talked to all 50  secretaries of state. That wouldn't be true.   Maybe you would think we would have consulted with 25 secretaries of  state. It wouldn't be true. What would be true is, in the one committee  that had the one markup on this bill, we consulted with one State  election official.   Mr. Chairman, this is an opportunity for us to do something together.  We can either take advantage of that opportunity or we can poison the  well. How in the world can we promise the American people election  integrity when one side is writing the rules?   It should be instructive to us all the way this bill has come to the  floor, and it is yet another, Mr. Chairman, in a string of missed  opportunities that we have had. I will give you just one example.   I made a motion last night in the Rules Committee to only bring this  bill to the floor as it was marked up in committee. We have talked  about a bill that is going to guarantee voter transparency. We don't  even have legislative transparency on this bill. We couldn't get the  bill brought to the floor from the one of the 10 committees that marked  it up. We had manager's amendments added. We had the bill not as  reported.   I offered another amendment last night. If it is so important that we  legislate for the first time in American history that tax returns be  released by elected officials--this bill includes let's release them at  the Presidential level and let's release them at the Vice Presidential  level--I offered an amendment to the rule to allow a vote on whether or  not they should be considered at your level, Mr. Chairman. That  amendment was denied on a partisan line.   Let's not make this a partisan issue; it is an American issue.   