 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, this resolution resolves that ``the House of  Representatives once again rejects white nationalism and white  supremacy as hateful expressions of intolerance that are contradictory  to the values that define the people of the United States,'' and with  that I agree.   As the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, I would like to use  my time to consider with my colleagues how firmly America has stood,  and continues to stand, against white supremacy. It is a basic human  flaw that our eyes open to truth too slowly and close on wickedness too  quickly. Today, we have the opportunity to renew our gaze at the truth  about our fellow men and women, and that each of them is created with  untold dignity and worth.   As a result, we recognize that white supremacy and white nationalism  peddle lies about our brothers and sisters in dignity. We reject these  lies, and we stand on the shoulders of Americans who have gone before  us in rejecting white supremacy and racism.   As Martin Luther King, Jr., observed, ``When the architects of our  Republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the  Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to  which every American was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all  men''--yes, Black men as well as White men--``would be guaranteed the  inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.''  Dr. King's words are historical fact rooted in universal truth.   America's Founders gave us an incredible inheritance in the  Declaration of Independence, in which they said ``all men are created  equal.'' This declaration helped the Founders and all Americans who  have lived after them identify the many ways that we dishonor that  equality, recognize and rectify it, and set a more just path forward.   In 1807, President Thomas Jefferson--himself a slave owner--publicly  supported the abolition of the slave trade, imploring Congress to  ``withdraw the citizens of the United States from all further  participation in those violations of human rights which have been so  long continued on the unoffending inhabitants of Africa.''   George Washington said, ``There is not a man living who wishes more  sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted for the abolition of  slavery.''   John Adams wrote that ``Every measure of prudence, therefore, ought  to be assumed for the eventual tota extirpation of slavery from the  United States . . . `' and ``I have, through my whole life, held the  practice of slavery in . . . abhorrence.''    Benjamin Franklin believed ``Slavery is . . . an atrocious debasement  of human nature.''   Alexander Hamilton cited racial prejudice as something that ``makes  us fancy many things that are founded neither in reason nor  experience.''   And James Madison wrote that ``We have seen the mere distinction of  color made in the most enlightened period of time, a ground of the most  oppressive dominion ever exercised by man over man.''   The words of our Founders indict anyone who would believe that white  supremacy or actions born out of that world view is in any way  defensible.   It does all Americans good to revisit our path out of darkness that  feeds racial injustice so that we never find ourselves slipping back,  but rather move forward knowing that we are all created equal and all  are created in God's image.   At the beginning of the American Revolution, slavery existed in all  the 13 original States, and the slave trade with Africa was carried on  unconstrained. Official actions to abolish slavery began in 1774,  before independence was even declared, and this moral movement gained  substantial ground over the next 35 years.   Delegates to the First Continental Congress in 1774 pledged to stop  the importation of slaves into America, and by 1798 every State had  outlawed slave importation. During the founding era, eight States  proceeded to abolish slavery, either gradually or immediately. Were  these good steps? Yes. Were they enough? Certainly not.   Congress passed the Northwest Ordinance in 1787, forbidding slavery  in the territory where the future States of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan,  Illinois, and Wisconsin would be established. This law proved to be  decisive in ending  [[Page H574]]  slavery in America. In the 1850s, Abraham Lincoln cited the Northwest  Ordinance frequently to show that the Founders opposed the expansion of  slavery. And, in the 1860s, these States, along with a number of their  fellow States, formed the coalition that elected Lincoln President, won  the Civil War, and abolished slavery nationwide.   The principle that all men are created equal and have a fundamental  right to liberty gave the emancipation movement its foundation.   As James Madison wrote in the Federalist Papers, defending the  ratification of the Constitution, the Constitution was grounded on  ``the fundamental principles of the revolution,'' namely, ``the  transcendent laws of nature and of nature's God'' and ``the rights of  humanity announced in the Declaration of Independence.''   Our first Republican President, Lincoln, understood this well. When  Lincoln was a young man, he said the Founders established ``political  institutions, conducing more essentially to the ends of civil and  religious liberty, than any of which the history of former times tell  us.''   In the Gettysburg Address, President Lincoln explained that America  was ``conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all  men are created equal.'' As Lincoln argued to his opponent, Stephen  Douglas, this equality applies to all human beings, regardless of race.   When President Lincoln spoke of America's earlier days, he said, ``I  will remind Judge Douglas and this audience, that while Mr. Jefferson  was the owner of slaves, as undoubtedly he was, in speaking upon this  very subject, he used the strong language that he trembled for his  Nation when he remembered that God was just.''   Mr. Speaker, from my faith background, I will tell you, God is just,  and I do tremble when I consider his justice. I tremble when any  person, in any way, pretends that white supremacy has any affinity with  the Christian faith or its heritage, and, frankly, am very offended  when that is brought up. The Bible is clear on the equality of all  people. White people are entitled to no special privilege on this  Earth, and they will have no unique standing in heaven. In fact, my  Bible tells me we will all give account for what we do. Heaven is a  place where every person there is united in bowing before the God who  made us equal.   Knowing this, we understand that we should use this life to honor our  brothers and sisters without exception. As James tells us, ``If you  really fulfill the royal law according to the Scripture, `You shall  love your neighbor as yourself,' you are doing well. But if you show  partiality, you are committing sin.''   Partiality is unacceptable in God's economy, and racial prejudice  finds no shelter among American values. Favoritism rooted in racism is  evil in all its forms, including white supremacy and white nationalism.   Today, Madam Speaker, is a day like many others. Today, like every  day, the world is watching America to see if we still believe in  equality, if we still elevate human dignity at every turn, and if we  will reject hypocrisy whenever it tries to take root among us. Today,  our fellow citizens are watching to see their leaders live out the  American principles alongside them.   Today, I stand here with colleagues to reaffirm these values and  reject white supremacy as both dangerous and foolish. Its tenets are as  ridiculous as America's democracy is remarkable.   Today, Madam Speaker, our message is, as it ever was, that every  person is created equal in value, and that the hill of equality is one  Americans will stand tall to defend, and, yes, even die to defend.   We are all, Madam Speaker, created in God's wonderful image. He made  us and he breathed life into us. We are the very essence of his beloved  creation. There is not a person you will find today, Madam Speaker, no  one--I challenge you from the depths of any prison, to the sidewalks of  any major city, anywhere in this country, White, Black, any color  imaginable, any race imaginable, any place that they come from, male or  female--there is not one person you will find today that, when you look  into their eyes, they are not deeply beloved by their God who created  them, and how can we choose any different. Any ideology that comes in  face-to-face confrontation with God's creation is an abomination, and  that is exactly what this ideology is.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Iowa (Mr. King).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Utah (Mr. Stewart).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Reschenthaler), who is a freshman.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire of the time  remaining in the debate.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire the time I have  left.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, we have heard from many here today, and I think we  have all come to a common theme, and the common theme goes back to the  simple rule that most of us would have learned growing up--and we have  heard it referenced here today, but it may be as simple as in  kindergarten--you hold hands; you look after each other; you treat  people with respect no matter where they come from, what they look  like, what the color of their skin is, what their gender may be, or  what religion they may practice.   What is true on the floor today and what should be true in the hearts  of every American--and, frankly, not just every American, but those  around the world--is that we realize that we have been given a gift by  God, that we have been given the strength by God, and we have been  given the hope by God to treat each other with dignity, respect, and  love. When we understand that, then it takes away.   But we also, Madam Speaker, today have realized that, when we as  Members speak, people pay attention and people hold us accountable. We  have talked about that in many ways, and that cannot continue in the  way that we have seen it.   White supremacy is wrong. White nationalism is wrong. Anti-Semitism  is wrong.   When we divide ourselves and we classify ourselves against each  other, we bring ourselves down, not those whom we go after.   As long as we ever have anyone in this country who believes that they  can climb to the top on the backs of others because they make fun of  their race, their gender, their ethnicity, or any other thing, then we  devalue the very breath that God gives us.   Madam Speaker, as I said earlier when I opened this up, there is not  anyone we face today, anyone we come in contact with today who is not  inherently and deeply loved by God. And it is pretty simple; He  breathed life into them. I believe it with all that I am here.   And if I can believe that God created each and every person I see and  everything we see around us, how can I not value that creation? How can  I not stand against anyone who would tear that down, especially if  there was ever a thought in this country from anybody, anywhere, to  take and say this is a Christian value? Then I challenge them and say  there will be a judgment. It is already written down that no man stands  that way.   So today it is pretty simple. Place a ``yes'' vote on the floor. We  support this resolution because it is not an American value; it is not  what we stand for.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   