 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I am enjoying listening to the partnership conversation. I want to  come from a different perspective, though. I want to talk about the  partisanship conversation.   When I was 6 years old and Senator Isakson was elected as a Georgia  House member, it was 23 out of 180 members of the house, as I recall. I  don't know how many there were before he got there, but being a  Republican in Georgia in 1976 was not a popular thing to do.   I think about all the things that we want to do together in this  body. I think about folks who say, ``Oh, we can't do that. It is too  hard. It is going to take too long. Let's do something today, but let's  not focus on those long-term goals.''   You might think that when Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980, that  that was a big jump in Georgia. As I recall, there were still 23  members in the Georgia House in 1980, 23 out of 180.   Somebody had to be the first one to stand up.   We talk about partisanship in this institution, Madam Speaker, like  it is a bad thing. What I have always loved about the Senator is that  he has never been embarrassed to be a Republican. He knew what he  believed, and he knew why he believed it.   Now, the Senator might not like the way someone else expresses their  Republican values, but he led with his heart. He can sit right beside a  Democratic hero like   John Lewis, and I can't tell the difference when  it comes to Southern gentility, but he will never be embarrassed to  share who he is as a Republican.   That is what it takes to grow from 23 members in a 180-member body  into the institution that   Tom Graves had an opportunity to serve and  into the institution that so many of our colleagues had a chance to  serve.   We talk about bipartisanship as that Holy Grail. It requires  partisanship to get there, and but for the example that Senator Isakson  set, we wouldn't have the Republican Party in Georgia, and we wouldn't  have Isakson values in that party.   I talked about partisanship, Madam Speaker. I want to talk about  people as the second part of that.   I have always imagined the roughest part about being a United States  Senator is that one might lose that one-on-one contact that one has  had. In a congressional district, we can get to know people. We can be  with them in the community.   Senator Isakson's entire career has been about people. I watch him  when he walks into a room. Folks that I ought to know who they are  because I have worked with them but I just can't remember, I see him go  up and greet them by name. Folks that have come into the room from all  different congressional districts, he has a relationship with them,  maybe from back in 1976 when he was trying to grow the party across the  State, maybe from back when he was leading the State Board of  Education, maybe from back in the Sixth District, maybe from his time  as a United States Senator. He has always put people first.   I see that in every speech he has given in Gwinnett and Forsyth  Counties. He will stand up and always thank the staffers who are  working for him.   It is his Academy Day that I enjoy the most. That is my favorite time  that we spend together each year.   If people don't know, Madam Speaker, the Isakson Academy Day is a  statewide event that brings all the young men and women who love an  opportunity--they could do anything they want to with their life, but  they want to serve the United States of America. They want to be the  future generation of leaders. Even as young as seventh, eighth, and  ninth grade, they come to this event that Senator Isakson puts  together.   Talk about all the lives that he has changed here in this  institution, don't even get started on the number of lives he has  changed as it relates to leadership and opportunity to serve through  his Academy Day.   I think about him being a Republican's Republican. I think about Reva  Jennings in Forsyth County. Senator Isakson knows Reva. She is hard  core. For folks who don't know, Madam Speaker, Forsyth County is one of  the most conservative counties in the State of Georgia--a conservative  State, a conservative county.   Reva Jennings has been building that Republican Party up there for as  long as anyone can remember. We lost her in an untimely way.   But while everybody loves us on our way out the door, Senator Isakson  might remember a tough primary season or two where folks might come and  say: Johnny, why aren't you more angry about this? Why aren't you doing  this?   As Republican primary seasons are, we tend to eat our own. Reva  Jennings, the first time I met her, was fielding one of those  questions. Somebody came up and said: We have to get somebody to  challenge that Johnny Isakson in the next primary. He is soft, for a  Republican.   Now, we know Reva. She doesn't have any softness in her. She went  right to Senator Isakson's steel backbone. She went right after it. She  took it to that whole crowd of Republicans, saying: You can poor-mouth  anybody you want to in this town, but you cannot poor-mouth Johnny  Isakson because he has done more for the Republican Party than anybody  else in this State has, and let me tell you how.   It is not hard to find detractors out there these days. It is hard to  build those lifelong friendships that create that gift of relationship  that Senator Isakson has offered so many.   He has offered it to me. I am grateful to him for it. I wouldn't be  standing  [[Page H9047]]  here today but for the work he has done over those years, and I thank  Senator Isakson for that.   Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Scott for yielding.   