 Madam Chair, let me start off by saying that I  thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Granger), our ranking member on  our side. I thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), my good  friend, chair of the full committee. They are doing yeoman's work on  all of these bills. They are standing strong and doing a great job, and  we are proud of them.   It has been a joy to work with Chairman Wasserman Schultz. She has  been fair and equitable and a joy to serve with. I look forward to  working together to make this bill better and better as we go through  the process.   I rise, reluctantly, in opposition to this bill. I have mixed  feelings about this package. It includes many good things, and it funds  important programs.   For example, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs division  includes $10.5 billion to provide adequate training opportunities and  modern facilities for our military. We want our military to be ready,  lethal, and effective. This bill supports that.   This bill also includes $140 million to support military families and  to help the services address the problems we have heard about in the  privatization of military housing.   For veterans' programs, the bill fully supports and implements the  MISSION Act. It also provides for a $30 million increase for mental  health and a $40 million increase for homeless programs. Hopefully,  this will help us reduce the scourge of veteran suicide and  homelessness.   These are all goods things. They are things we need. I fear, however,  that the majority is on a path that makes it difficult to reach an  agreement before the start of the fiscal year.   October 1 is coming on and approaching very fast. We need a budget  agreement for fiscal year 2020 and beyond sooner rather than later. The  consequences of not having such an agreement are disruptive and  immense. No one wants sequestration or a government shutdown.   Unfortunately, the budget numbers the House is operating under are  not real and in no way do they reflect the reality of the situation on  our southern border. This appropriations bill does not include funds to  address the security and humanitarian crisis there, and it also does  not include the $4.5 billion the President requested last month.   Congress must act. I sincerely hope we are getting closer to an  agreement on a supplemental funding package.   As I close, I urge all of us to keep our eyes on the goal, a  bipartisan bill that supports our troops and their families and the  Nation's veterans.   Madam Chair, I look forward to working with my colleagues on this as  we go through the process, and I thank the ranking member of the  Appropriations Committee for the time.   