 I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennett),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from California  (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner), and  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from California  (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner), and  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from California  (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner), and  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    Madam President, this January, it will be 12 years since  Illinois banned smoking in businesses. In 2008, the Smoke-Free Illinois  Act went into effect and changed the lives of people throughout the  State. There has been a 20-percent decrease in hospitalizations for  conditions aggravated by secondhand smoke, like asthma, chronic  obstructive pulmonary disease, and heart attacks. High school smoking  rates have fallen more than 53 percent since then. This is real change.  My friend, Illinois Senate President John Cullerton, led that fight to  save lives. His storied career is one of working for good government  and the safety of people. In January, he will be retiring, and I want  to take this time to honor him.   John grew up in the village of Winfield in DuPage County. His family  has deep roots in Illinois as one of the original settlers in Chicago  in 1835. If you are wandering Chicago, you might come across Cullerton  Street, which used to be 20th Street. It was named after John's great- grandfather's brother, Edward ``Foxy'' Cullerton. Edward, originally  elected to Chicago city council in 1871, served one of the longest  tenures as a Chicago alderman in the city's history. The Cullertons  have been a staple of Illinois politics ever since.   Though it may seem like the Cullerton family is just filled with  politicians, John's father and paternal grandfather were electricians.  In fact, most of his immediate family was not political. John's role  model was his maternal grandfather, Tom Tyrell, a real-estate lawyer in  Chicago. At 12 years old, John wanted to be a lawyer because of him.  His grandfather would give legal lessons at the dinner table. He would  cut cherry pie and explain how corporations have shares.   John went to Loyola University Chicago and earned a bachelor's degree  in political science. He stayed at Loyola to study law. John also  served in the Illinois National Guard from 1970 to 1976. In law school,  John experienced firsthand how litigation can bring change. As  president of the Loyola University Chicago Student Bar Association, he  saw his fellow students draft a complaint against the school for not  providing adequate facilities for the law school. The students hired a  lawyer and actually negotiated a deal without filing a lawsuit. A few  years after John and his classmates graduated, a brand-new law school  was built at the corner of Pearson and State in Chicago, which still  stands today.   John's first job was working as a Chicago assistant public defender.  For 5 years, he was on the frontlines of law defending people. In 1976,  John earned his first political experience by being elected to be a  delegate to the Democratic National Convention. Though John's immediate  family was not very political, his cousin Parky Cullerton was Cook  County tax assessor at the time. Parky's influence convinced him that  he could run for the Illinois House of Representatives, and he won in  1978.   In 1988, John joined Fagel Haber, which later became Thompson Coburn  Fagel Haber, where he still is a partner today. In 1990, John was  appointed to fill then-State Senator Dawn Clark Netsch's seat. John won  the seat on his own right in 1992, representing the Chicago Cubs'  neighborhood of Wrigleyville, but he remained a loyal White Sox fan.   John thrived in the Senate. Between 2003 and 2006, he sponsored more  bills and had more bills signed by the Governor than any other  legislator. John dedicated himself to things like traffic safety, gun  control, reforming the criminal justice system, and tobacco regulation.  John would work with anyone for a greater good. He always made it a  point of going out to dinner not just with Democratic State senators  but with Republican ones too.   In 2008, the senate Democratic caucus chose John to be senate  president. Immediately, John prioritized an infrastructure bill that  had not passed in 10 years at the time. John has steered the senate  through many tough times. He can proudly say that, during his time,  Illinois passed two capital funding bills, marriage equality, an  abolishment of the death penalty, school funding reform, and  immigration reform. John has encouraged bipartisanship and cooperation  through all of it.   For 41 years, John has served with a sense of justice, friendship,  and even comedy. He regularly performed at an annual event at the  legendary Second City Chicago Theater. His impersonation of then-Mayor  Richard J. Daley earned him the crown of Mr. Wonderful from the  Conference of Women Legislators in 1979.   John retiring from the senate will allow him to spend more time with  his wife Pam and his kids Maggie, Garritt, Carroll, John III, and  Josephine, and his three grandchildren. I am privileged to call him a  friend and look forward to all the new things he will take on in the  future.   (At the request of Mr. Schumer, the following statement was ordered  to be printed in the Record.)  