 Madam Speaker, today is a sad day in our Nation's history  as House Democrats are poised to approve, on a strictly party-line  vote, Articles of Impeachment based on what constitutional scholar  Jonathan Turley called wafer-thin evidence. This will set a dangerous  precedent where impeachment becomes the norm rather than the exception.   That is not what our Founding Fathers intended. They wanted  impeachment to be rare. They set a high bar for impeachment: treason,  bribery, high crimes and misdemeanors.   Alleged abuse of power, the first article, is not a high crime and  misdemeanor. In fact, that is not even a  [[Page H12150]]  crime. And since there is no concise legal definition of abuse of  power, the majority party in the House can designate nearly any  disagreement with the President from now on an impeachable offense.   The second article, alleged obstruction of Congress, would produce a  similarly dangerous precedent. Asserting executive privilege, a  practice that began with George Washington, is not obstruction of  Congress; rather, it is a function of the essential checks and balances  contemplated under the Constitution.   Here is what nearly every grade school student in America knows but,  apparently, House Democrats do not: If Congress disagrees with the  President, if they don't agree with the President, take it to court.  Let the third branch of government decide. They are the refs.   The House has never--I repeat, never--approved either abuse of power  or obstruction of Congress as an Article of Impeachment, but that is  going to change today.   Today, House Democrats are pursuing a wacky constitutional theory  under which all four Presidents on Mount Rushmore could have been  impeached. If all of this sounds absurd, Madam Speaker, it is because  it is absurd. In fact, this whole process is absurd and has been from  the outset.   But here is what is not absurd but, rather, frightening: House  Democrats, today, are setting a dangerous precedent under which no  future President will be immune from impeachment, and that will forever  negatively tarnish the history of this House.   