 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would apply a 14 percent reduction  in the amounts made available for this division. However, it is  important to note that this amendment would not apply to amounts made  available for the Department of Defense and would have no effect on  foreign military financing.   As my colleague highlights, there are worthy programs in this  division to help us build and maintain strong relationships around the  world, but we cannot continue to be a dependable friend to those in  need if we do not put our own fiscal house in order first.   As I mentioned previously, Washington is addicted to spending. Our  national debt today stands at over $22 trillion. We are set here to add  trillions of dollars more in debt every year for the foreseeable future  if we continue down this path of spending without any fiscal  discipline.   We need to act now to prevent a debt crisis that consumes our  children and our grandchildren. Unfortunately, it appears that this is  not a priority for my friends across the aisle.   America needs leadership to solve this problem. That is why I am here  today again proposing that we start by making commonsense reductions to  discretionary spending, like the one that I am proposing today to this  division of H.R. 2740.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the contrast here couldn't be any clearer. We  have so many young people who are watching us in the gallery today. At  home, I have three daughters who are aged 9, 7, and 6. If we don't do  something about a $22 trillion national debt today, they are going to  be holding the bag for the lack of leadership in this Congress that  they are seeing firsthand with the spend, spend, spend mindset of  politicians in Washington, D.C.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to continue  spending outside of our government's means. What I hear from families  back home in northeast Indiana is if they can live within a budget and  if they can live within their means, why can't Washington, D.C., do the  same?   Hoosiers are used to a State government with a balanced budget every  year, that passes balanced budget after balanced budget and lives  within its means at our State house, as well. Yet, they see exactly the  opposite time and time again in Washington. They see deficits on the  rise. They see the national debt grow at astronomical rates, to over  $22 trillion today.   That is why I am here again today, the second day in a row, offering  an amendment to cut across the board 14 percent without affecting  defense spending or foreign military financing to address our national  security concerns.   Why am I here doing this for the second day in a row? It is because  the Democratic majority has failed the most fundamental leadership test  of all. The majority promised if they got the majority in the last  election, they would pass a budget. They have failed to do that. By  failing to do that, we are here today proposing cuts to discretionary  spending to the tune of 14 percent.   Now, you might ask yourself, why 14 percent? That seems like an  abnormal number to start with. Fourteen percent across the board is  what it is going to take to balance the budget.   I have chaired the Republican Study Committee's spending and budget  task  [[Page H4685]]  force over the past several months. With a group of many of my  colleagues, we worked tirelessly every week to propose a budget of our  own. Right now, it is the only budget in this Congress that has been  proposed. It cuts spending to the tune of trillions of dollars, and it  balances in 6 years.   To get to that balanced budget, it is an across-the-board 14 percent  reduction in nondefense and discretionary spending.   Mr. Chair, I am going to be back. I am going to come back time and  time again, proposing this same amendment for across-the-board cuts of  14 percent because my daughters' generation and the young people who  are watching us in the gallery today are depending on it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   