 Mr. Speaker, it is good to see my colleague from New  Jersey in the chair. And I thank Chairwoman Lowey for yielding. She is  my classmate. There aren't too many of us left, but it is good to see  her there.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4378, the Continuing  Appropriations Act, 2020, and Health Extenders Act of 2019. I am  particularly pleased that H.R. 4378 includes a provision that will  increase enrollment numbers for the 9/11 World Trade Center Health  Program, which provides healthcare and treatment for responders and  survivors.   Since being notified 2 weeks ago that this program is approaching  enrollment capacity, I have been working with my colleagues in the  House and the Senate, as well as the administration, to come to an  agreement to raise the enrollment cap in order to guarantee that new  enrollees will continue to have access to treatment. We were able to  quickly come together on an agreement so that new enrollees will access  this program for many years to come.   The bill, H.R. 4378, also includes temporary funding extensions for  several Medicare extenders and public health programs, including  funding for community health centers, Medicaid funding for Puerto Rico  and the U.S. territories, and the demonstration program for certified  community behavioral health clinics. This temporary patch will protect  Americans' access to these vital programs while Congress works toward a  long-term agreement.   While I am relieved that this bill will prevent any interruption of  healthcare services, I want to stress that our work is far from done.  We have to continue to work toward a bipartisan, long-term extension  that provides funding capacity to these programs for the millions of  Americans who depend on it.   The Energy and Commerce Committee has already voted in support of  bipartisan, long-term extensions of these programs, and I am hopeful  that we can reach a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to get these  extensions signed into law before the short-term patch expires in  November.   Again, I thank Chairwoman Lowey. I know she, Jerry Nadler, Carolyn  Maloney, the New York representatives, are very concerned about  healthcare in the aftermath of 9/11, so I particularly appreciate your  support on that.   