 Mr. Chair, my name is Pete Stauber, and I was a law  enforcement officer for 23 years in the great State of Minnesota, the  city of Duluth.   In December of 1995, at 10:32 p.m., at the intersection of 6th Avenue  East and 4th Street in Duluth, Minnesota, a criminal who should not  have had a  [[Page H2248]]  firearm tried to take my life. I was shot in the head, and by the grace  of God, I survived.   A few years after that, while on duty in a hostage situation, another  criminal pulled a gun on me. Face-to-face, I was staring down the  barrel of a handgun. The suspect pulled the trigger. The gun  malfunctioned, and I was in a fight for my life. When it was all over,  by the grace of God, I was alive. The individual was handcuffed.   Both those individuals were career criminals.   Back to when I was shot in the head, Mr. Chair: I begged the U.S.  attorney, along with our police department, to charge the individual  with possession of a handgun by a felon. They didn't do it. That  individual was allowed to circumvent our community for another 8 years  before he was finally put in prison, where he belonged. No more harming  other people.   Representative Collins' Mass Violence Prevention Act gets the county  attorneys and our Federal attorneys present to prosecute these  individuals who have no respect for life.   I carried a handgun for 23 years, Mr. Chair, as a tool to defend my  life or somebody else's life from great bodily harm. I support the  individual right of law-abiding citizens, the right to keep and bear  arms.   Both my wife and I live in rural Minnesota. When we need to protect  ourselves, when it takes awhile for law enforcement to get there, we  have the ability.   There is nobody I know who wants somebody who is going through a  mental health issue or a career criminal or a drug dealer to have  these.   We need to start respecting life. Life is precious, from conception  to natural death. I am a very proud husband of an Iraq war veteran who  understands the value of life.   Mr. Chair, I rise against this. There are better ways to get mothers  and fathers, county attorneys, Federal prosecutors, local police  departments, and sheriff departments to work together to have a fusion  center so, when a young individual types into a computer ``I want to be  a mass school shooter,'' there is an instant response to identify the  individual and work through it.   