 Madam President, before he leaves the floor, I just want  to thank the chairman of the Finance Committee. I think the chairman  said: Well, the ranking member might agree with some of my comments. I  agree with every one of the chairman's comments.   I think, Madam President, how I would begin--and I think the Chairman  would agree on this--we can have some pretty spirited debates about  healthcare in this Chamber and in the Finance Committee, but, as the  chairman indicated, there isn't an inch of difference with respect to  our views on Robert Pear. We all thought he was a true professional,  and he was the gold standard of journalism as it relates to healthcare.   I thought about yesterday, Chairman Grassley, because we had a  hearing on a topic relating to reimbursement of physicians. I think the  chairman and I would be of like mind--it probably wouldn't be  inherently fascinating in every coffee shop in Iowa and Oregon, but it  is incredibly important, for example, for the survival of rural  hospitals and so many concerns that I know the Presiding Officer of the  Senate has and the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee has.  I looked over at the press table, Chairman Grassley, and the seat for  Robert Pear was missing.   Robert Pear--and that was what this special man was all about--never  jumped to sit in front and say: Well, I am from the New York Times, so  I should count more. As the chairman remembers, he always sat in the  back.   I thought we missed him so much yesterday. The chairman and I had  just gotten the news. What we were talking about yesterday was what  Robert Pear was all about--taking a very complicated issue that  probably was not inherently fascinating and putting it in very simple,  understandable, thoughtful words for the American people. As the  chairman correctly said, that was what everybody would wait for when  there was a complicated issue. You would hear it among Republicans, the  chairman's staff, and my staff. People would hear about an issue, and  very often, the first thing they would say was ``Did Robert Pear write  about it?''   If Robert Pear wrote about it, it was important. In fact, one of the  most noteworthy aspects of the incredible outpouring of affection and  admiration for Robert Pear yesterday--and the chairman and I talked  about it in committee--is the New York Times had a slug called ``Pear  on Health,'' and all over the country, my guess is--the Des Moines  Register; the Oregonian, my paper, a big paper in Oregon--they would  all wait for the Robert Pear slug because they knew that was a very  important issue.   The fact that Robert Pear wasn't at the witness table yesterday after  all these years broke our hearts and brought back a lot of memories. I  actually was stunned over the years--and the chairman touched on it--by  his encyclopedic knowledge of healthcare. He remembered the amendment  to the amendment to the amendment to the amendment that somebody  offered 10 or 15 years ago.   When I came to the Congress, he went and studied the history of the  Gray Panthers. I was codirector of the senior citizens group. My little  one still wonders if they are the Pink Panthers. Robert Pear knew  everything about that.   When he was up on the Hill--and the chairman probably remembers  this--he had a little notebook in which he scribbled Chairman  Grassley's remarks or my remarks or whoever he was talking to, but he  also had bigger notebooks, and he kept an exhaustive set of files.   In a town where, particularly at important post-hearing or post- legislation events, all the reporters are shouting one above another,  Robert Pear was the most soft-spoken voice in the room. In fact, I was  at some events--my guess is that the chairman was as well--where it got  kind of loud and frantic. They were throwing microphones and the like  at you. When Robert Pear raised his hand and was called on, the room  hushed. It went quiet because everybody understood that the question  Robert Pear would ask was the right one.   Senator Grassley and I were talking yesterday about how we  particularly appreciated and felt--Republicans and Democrats--that  Robert Pear was fair to all sides, and he held us all accountable. The  general sense was that if you were a legislator and you were going to  be interviewed by Robert Pear, you better go out and do some serious  prep work because he would know the subject inside-out and in that  soft-spoken way would just stay at it until he excavated the real  effects. That was part of the Pear ``tell the right story in the right  way'' approach to ensure that if you read a Robert Pear health story,  you learned something. I think most Senators would agree that is not  always the case with every single story, but that was the standard  Robert Pear set.   I think what I would like to say is that there are going to be a  number of Senators who over the years had a chance to work with Robert  Pear. We are going to hear their own accounts of their relationships,  but we are not going to hear one single Senator--not one--say that  Robert Pear tried to make them look bad, took a cheap shot, or tried to  say something flashy in order to get a headline. They are going to say  just the opposite. They are going to say: That is what journalism is  supposed to be all about.  [[Page S2760]]    I am a journalist's kid and very proud of it. My dad was a first- generation Jewish kid. He taught himself English and was a journalist.  He always said: ``Ron, the journalist's job is to ask the tough  questions--the tough questions that really matter.''   Robert Pear asked the tough questions, no doubt about that, but he  always did it in a very unique way, a fair way, a thoughtful way, a way  that embodied the gold standard for journalism that I have described.   So yesterday was particularly sad. We got the news in the morning. We  had that healthcare hearing, which started about an hour after we got  the news. The first thing I thought of as I came into the room was how  hard it is going to be--and it is not going to stop hurting for a long  time--to imagine that seat at the end of the press table not having the  thoughtful, informed Robert Pear sitting there so he could get the  facts to the American people.   So I just want to close today--we have had a number of colleagues  speak already--to say, Robert, Robert Pear, you were the consummate  professional. You were fair to the bone. It was an honor--an honor to  get to work with you over the years in healthcare. We say goodbye to  someone who was a true mensch, and this afternoon with heavy hearts, we  think of Robert Pear and want the country to know what an extraordinary  person he was.   I yield the floor.   