 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Articles of  Impeachment against Donald J. Trump, the 45th President of the United  States.   Mr. Speaker, no one runs for Congress to impeach a President. But  this President has left us no choice.   President Trump abused the enormous powers of his office when he  solicited foreign interference for the purpose of helping him in his  reelection campaign in 2020.   The President betrayed our national security and undermined the  security of our elections when he put his own personal political  interests ahead of the interests of our country. He tried to cheat to  win reelection.   This wasn't an attack on Vice President Biden. This was an attack on  our democracy.   If we do not hold the President accountable today, we will no longer  live in a democracy. We will live in a dictatorship where any future  President will be free to abuse their office in order to get reelected.   Today, every Member of this Chamber faces a choice: whether to do  what the Constitution demands and the evidence requires or to turn a  blind eye to the President's grave misconduct, a blind eye to the  overwhelming evidence of high crimes and misdemeanors.   To my friends on the other side of the aisle, I say this: This is not  about making history. This is about holding a lawless President  accountable in the way our Framers intended. This is a time to put our  country over your political party. Do not seek safety in the high grass  of a vote against these articles. We are all Americans. Show the  American people your devotion to your country is more powerful than  your loyalty to your political party.   United, we can defend our democracy from all enemies, foreign and  domestic. Divided, we risk losing our democracy.   All you have to do is look at the evidence because it will leave you  with only one answer: The President of the United States must be  impeached.   Remember these facts: He tried to cheat. He got caught. He confessed.  Then, he obstructed the investigation into his misconduct.   For our democracy, for our Constitution, for the people you  represent, and for all who will inherit our country from us, I pray you  will do the right thing.   