 Mr. President, I support the resolution that the  Senate is voting on today to disapprove of new rules from the Trump  administration to diminish the value of tax credits offered by State  and local governments.   From the very beginning, I have been against the 2017 tax bill that  became law. At a time of skyrocketing economic inequality, this tax law  has given the largest tax cuts to the wealthiest people and biggest  corporations. But in Maryland, 376,000 families are paying higher taxes  according to our Bureau of Revenue Estimates, due in large part to the  tax law's $10,000 limit on the state and local tax deduction. According  to the IRS, 46 percent of households in Maryland claimed the State and  local tax deduction prior to the new tax law, which is the largest  share of any state in the country. The average State and local tax  deduction in Maryland was roughly $13,000--well over the $10,000 limit.  Everything in the Maryland State budget, such as education,  transportation, and state Medicaid funding, is now more burdensome for  Maryland taxpayers to finance.   To make matters worse for working Marylanders, on June 13, 2019, the  Treasury Department issued a regulation against tax credits offered by  State and local governments for charitable giving. This misguided  regulation reduces a taxpayer's Federal deduction for charitable  donations by the amount of any tax credit the taxpayer receives for  their donation from State or local governments. The effects of this  regulation go well beyond programs recently established by some States  attempting to mitigate the damage of the new tax law. These rules will  be deeply detrimental to longstanding tax credit programs throughout  the Nation. In Maryland, this will affect tax credit programs for  affordable housing, conservation, and community endowment funds.   Ultimately, allowing this regulation to take effect will make it even  more difficult for State and local communities to fund our schools,  emergency responders, health care, roads, and other critical services.  That is unacceptable, which is why I support the Congressional Review  Act resolution to overturn the Treasury Department's June 2019  regulation.   