 Mr. Speaker, today had I been present, I would have  voted in strong support of the bipartisan, privileged resolution to  terminate President Trump's proclamation ``Declaring a National  Emergency Concerning the Southern Border of the United States.'' I was  detained due to severe weather and cancelled flights in Oregon.   While there is no doubt that our immigration system is broken, the  president's wall and his proposed funding level is an irresponsible  waste of taxpayer funds for a structure that would be ineffective and  do very little for our national security. The emergency declaration is  nothing more than a power grab by the president to fulfill a campaign  promise, violating existing law and our constitutional system of  separation of powers.   Congress has already rejected the president's proposed border wall,  and alternatively, by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, made robust  investments in our border security. These investments include $1.375  billion for approximately 55 miles of physical barrier along the  southern border, $564 million for imaging equipment at our ports of  entry, $100 million for new, additional border security technology,  serious investments in the Alternative to Detention program to provide  relief to over-crowded detention facilities, and additional funding for  attorneys and courtroom expansion to assist with our country's growing  immigration court system backlog.   Despite these important investments, the president has proposed  taking more than $6.7 billion to build his wall, including $3.6 billion  from the Department of Defense's (DoD) high-priority military  construction projects. These funds are meant to support much-needed  improvements on military bases around the world, and misallocating  these funds could undermine the training, readiness, and quality of  life for our men and women in the Armed Forces. He has also proposed  stripping $2.5 billion from the DoD's drug interdiction program, which  could have serious impacts on our ability to combat the flow of illegal  narcotics.   Furthermore, the Military Construction Codification Act only  authorizes the Secretary of Defense to reallocate funds for  construction projects during a national emergency if the project is  ``necessary to support'' a ``use of the armed forces.'' Our Armed  Forces are not responsible for enforcing our immigration laws and using  these funds in this way is in direct violation of existing law.   Of serious additional legal concern is the fact that the  administration would need to seize significant amounts of property not  owned by the federal government in order to build a wall. Currently,  more than two thirds of border property is owned by private parties or  the relevant states. In 1952, the Supreme Court held in Youngstown  Sheet and Tube that President Truman's declaration of national  emergency, even in the midst of an international armed conflict, did  not permit him to unilaterally seize private property.   In recent days, more than two dozen former Republican lawmakers and  almost 60 former senior national security officials have come out in  opposition to President Trump's national emergency declaration. These  individuals are united behind the idea that allowing the president to  ``ignore Congress'' will deprive the American people ``of the  protections of true representative government.''   The bottom line is that the president's national emergency  declaration is an abuse of his constitutional authority and an affront  to the separation of powers. Congress has the exclusive power of the  purse, and the Constitution specifically prohibits the president from  spending money that has not been appropriated. Congress entrusted the  president with authority to reallocate funds during unforeseen and  urgent situations, such as wars and natural disasters. By declaring an  emergency when Congress has overwhelmingly rejected his border wall in  favor of compromise legislation, President Trump is creating a  dangerous precedent for future political disputes. Congress must reject  this presidential overreach and assert its constitutional authority.   