 Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Chair, this resolution is misguided, and let me take a few  moments to illustrate some of the reasons.   Number 1, as the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr.  McCaul, has described, this is a misuse of the War Powers Resolution.  It conflates two different sections. It has definitional problems. I am  not going to repeat all the arguments he has used.   My point is that, if we use that powerful law, it should be clear,  direct, and applicable. To misuse it in this way actually weakens the  authority of Congress, the exact opposite of what the chairman of the  committee was talking about.   Secondly, the message coming from this resolution is, Iran, you can  do whatever you want to.   Now, it is clear we do not have troops in the fight against the  Houthis. We do, however, want other countries to join in trying to  constrain Iran's aggression in various parts of the world. But with  this resolution, we are saying, Okay, you are on your own. We are not  going to assist you in any way. And that message reverberates  throughout the Middle East. It will have lasting consequences.   Third, if anything, this resolution will make our military more  cautious when targeting ISIS and al-Qaida.   Now there is a section in here that says, Well, it doesn't really  apply when you are going against terrorists. But Yemen is a messy  place. You have individuals commingled in the same location. Sometimes  the same individual can have multiple loyalties.   Our military will be overly cautious in interpreting this resolution.  They will be less likely to target ISIS and al-Qaida.   Mr. Chairman, don't forget. It wasn't very long ago the most serious  threats coming to our homeland, to Americans emanated from Yemen. This  adds danger to the world.   Fourth, I think this resolution makes a humanitarian situation worse.  As long as rockets are fired from Yemen into Riyadh, there will be a  military response.   Now, the U.S. has been assisting the Saudis in targeting, so that it  is narrower; so that they are only targeting military targets and  minimizing civilian casualties. And yet, this resolution says, No, you  can't offer that sort of help.   So what is the result? It is going to, unfortunately, be less  specific targeting, and I am afraid that the humanitarian situation  will only grow worse.   Fifth, and finally, if this passes and signs into law, it will not  help the people of Yemen one iota. There are lots of things we just  heard from the author of the resolution, why he does not approve of  some of the actions going on with Saudi Arabia. This does not help any  of that.   It is an attempt to make us feel better, that we have at least done  something. And yet, the result is, we reduce our influence in the  Middle East; we encourage and enhance the position of Iran; and we lead  to a more dangerous world for us. That is quite an afternoon's work.   