 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for no  more than 10 minutes.    Mr. President, Chairman Murkowski and I have been  working with the majority leader and minority leader to resolve the few  remaining issues on our bill, which is the land management bill we have  before us.   I would like to thank all Senators for their cooperation and for the  work they have put in to get this to this point. I believe we are  making good progress.   We will vote on the motion to invoke cloture at 5:30. I will be  joining Chairman Murkowski in voting yes on cloture, and I encourage  all of my colleagues to do the same.   I understand that Senator Lee, my dear friend from Utah, may want a  vote on his amendment to exempt Utah from the Antiquities Act. I have  talked to Senator Lee many times about his concerns with national  monuments in his State. While I respect his views, I will oppose any  amendment that threatens the success of this lands bill. At this point,  any amendment would threaten the success of the bill.   This bill is truly a great piece of legislation for our country. This  package includes numerous important provisions that will enhance  conservation, recreation, and hunting, fishing, and shooting  opportunities for sportsmen on Federal lands.   In my view, one of the most important provisions in the bill is the  permanent--I repeat, the permanent--reauthorization of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund. I have long supported the permanent  reauthorization of the LWCF, which has played a crucial role in making  my State all the more wild and wonderful. In fact, since 1965, $243  million of LWCF funds have been spent to enhance recreation and  conservation in West Virginia alone.   LWCF funds have been used to provide public access and protect many  of West Virginia's most popular recreation sites, including the Dolly  Sods Wilderness in the Monongahela National Forest, as well as every  access point on the Lower Gauley River in the Gauley River National  Recreation Area. As you can see on this chart, LWCF funds have  protected 57,000 acres in the Gauley River and the New River Gorge.   While LWCF funds are used to protect important Federal conservation  and recreation lands, the program also provides essential funding to  States to enhance State and local park and outdoor recreational  opportunities. These are not free giveaways to States but, rather, they  are matching grants that result in increased recreational opportunities  at the State and local levels.   This is Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Ritter Park offers miles of  walking trails along an area called Fourpole Creek. Ritter Park also  has numerous tennis courts, playground facilities, and an amphitheater  that is used by the community for small events, such as concerts and  plays. The rose garden, which you can see here, is a wonderful place to  spend some time, and in 2012, Ritter Park was named as one of the  ``Great Public Spaces'' by the American Planning Association. Over the  years, more than $625,000 in State Land and Water Conservation funds  has been spent on improvements at Ritter Park.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund also provides other important  financial assistance to States, including funding for the Forest Legacy  Program, which helps to protect working forests on private lands; the  American Battlefield Protection Program, which helps to protect Civil  War and Revolutionary War battlefield sites on State and private lands;  and grants to protect endangered species' habitats on non-Federal  lands.   On the Federal side, LWCF funds have been used to safeguard some of  our Nation's iconic public lands. Here you can see just a few examples  of areas where LWCF funds have been used to ensure that we can set  aside these areas for future generations and help our land management  Agencies follow their conservation missions as directed by Congress.   LWCF funds help to complete the protection of and provide important  public access to areas set aside by Congress in recognition of their  national significance, including lands managed by the National Park  Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land  Management, and the Forest Service.   In West Virginia, we have the Canaan Valley National Wildlife Refuge,  which is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Canaan was  established in 1994 and was the 500th wildlife refuge to be  established. Since 1994, every single acre of the 16,613-acre area was  acquired using LWCF funds. As one can see here, the Canaan Valley  National Wildlife Refuge is a truly beautiful place that would not have  been possible had we not had the LWCF. Permanent reauthorization of the  LWCF will ensure States and Federal land management Agencies will  continue to protect and conserve nationally significant lands for  future generations--all without relying on taxpayer dollars. It is past  time for Congress to permanently reauthorize the LWCF.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund is one of the many pieces of  legislation in this package. It is another reason we need to pass this  bill without  [[Page S1153]]  amendments and send it over to the House and then to the President for  his signature. I am pleased that we are making good progress, and I  hope we will be able to move to its final passage without additional  delays.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   