 Mr. President, I come to the Chamber today to rise with  my colleagues to talk about the USMCA, or the United States-Mexico- Canada Trade Agreement.   But before I talk about the vote that I hope is in this Chamber on  fairly short order, I would like to go back to December of 1993. In  December of 1993, President Clinton signed NAFTA. A month later, it was  ratified, and, to be honest with you, it started a period of time in  North Carolina where we suffered. We had a challenge to actually  determine how we were going to react to a very different North  Carolina, where there are textiles and a number of other industries  that suffered initially under the NAFTA implementation. But today,  North Carolina is one of the greatest benefactors of NAFTA. As a matter  of fact, we are one of the top States in the country for job creation  and commerce, and Canada and Mexico are our two most important export  markets.  [[Page S6840]]    The problem is, NAFTA was implemented in 1994. I think that was back  when the Backstreet Boys were topping the charts and MC Hammer was  popular. It was a long, long time ago. It is time to modernize it. It  was before the internet was even invented.   We have so many opportunities to modernize our trade relationship  with our two most important trade partners, and the USMCA is the  opportunity to do that. While it only took about a month to ratify the  NAFTA agreement--knowing that there was a lot of work to be done before  we completely benefited from it--we waited a year to ratify an  agreement that will be immediately beneficial to the American economy.  It will create more than 170,000 new jobs and $70 billion a year in  additional economic activity, putting us on a level playing field.   Our automotive industry, which has grown over the last 20 years, with  several automotive manufacturing facilities in the South, and many  businesses in my State support it.   It will open up the markets for our farmers. North Carolina is the  ninth largest agriculture economy in the United States, with nearly $90  billion a year in agriculture products. We want those markets open in  Canada and Mexico so that we can grow our farm economy in North  Carolina.   We also want to recognize that the USMCA agreement is a very, very  important step in getting China to come to terms with fair trade with  the United States. When we settle an agreement with two of our most  important trade partners, then, China will take notice and they will  follow the President's lead and understand that we no longer are going  to allow them to compete unfairly.   There are provisions in the USMCA that I hear Speaker Pelosi talking  about that, frankly, give me some concern. The House is entitled to  make changes to the baseline agreement that both the Mexican Government  and the Canadian Government have ratified, as proposed and as signed by  the President. They give me concern, and we hope that Speaker Pelosi  will keep to the baseline agreement.   But now we have to get to work to get this agreement ratified so  these kinds of things continue to be positive stories that come out of  North Carolina and positive stories that come out of Nebraska and Iowa  and across this Nation. There is no downside to this agreement. As a  matter of fact, one of the reasons I know there is no downside is that  there are dozens of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the  House who are prepared to vote for it in the form in which the  President will sign.    This is a very, very important agreement. I do have to agree with my  colleagues in that the only reason I can imagine we didn't have this  agreement ratified last year was due to the focus on all things  impeachment. This is a good deal. I have no doubt that if President  Clinton had signed this agreement in 1993, it would have been ratified  a month later. Yet we have waited a year for this agreement to get any  airtime in the House Chamber.   We need the USMCA signed today. We need the USMCA put into place so  that we can realize the immediate economic advantage for hard-working  farmers, for small businesses, and for the 170,000 new jobs that will  be created so that we continue this economic recovery that started with  tax reform and regulatory reform.   This is another step in the right direction, and no reasonable Member  of Congress should be holding off on what is a great decision on the  President's part. It is a great decision, and it is a great policy for  the American people. It is going to help my farmers in North Carolina,  and it is going to help my small businesses. It is going to continue to  make the U.S. economy the envy of the world.   I ask Speaker Pelosi and my colleagues in the House to get to work.  You can walk and chew gum. Go ahead and focus on impeachment if you  want to, but from time to time, why don't you take some Chamber time  and some of your resources to do right by the American people. That is  what the USMCA does, and that is what we need the House to do. I  guarantee you, when it comes to the Senate, we will quickly send it to  the President's desk.   I thank the Presiding Officer.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   