 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this resolution  commending the Government of Canada for upholding the rule of law and  expressing concern about China's use of hostage diplomacy.   I thank Chairman Engel for cosponsoring this resolution with me. As  always, we work in a very bipartisan way on this committee.   This resolution recognizes Canada's help with the extradition of  Huawei Technologies' chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou. It also  expresses concern with China's retaliatory and hostile actions against  Canadian citizens detained in China.   China's hostage diplomacy is abhorrent. As retaliation for Canada's  arrest of Ms. Meng, Canadian citizens Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor  have been detained in China since last year. They have been denied due  process and have been subjected to harsh conditions, such as limited  consular access, no attorney representation, and lengthy  interrogations. Meanwhile, Ms. Meng has received proper treatment in  Canadian custody and is currently released on bail.   The cases show the stark contrast between Canada's commitment to the  rule of law and China's.   I commend Canada and regret that Canadian citizens are paying the  price of China's malfeasance. Canada's citizens must be released  immediately.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank the people of Canada for standing  with us to uphold the rule of law and assist in the extradition of  Huawei's CFO, who is accused of willfully violating United States  sanctions to proliferate technology to Iran. It is unacceptable that  the Chinese Communist Party is punishing innocent Canadian citizens to  interfere in this criminal process.  [[Page H8129]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this and stand in  solidarity with Canada. Huawei is creeping around the world with 5G  technology. Everywhere we see One Belt, One Road, we see 5G being  planted down in these countries. They literally steal data from these  countries, now covering half of the globe.   We are in a race with China, and we need to combat their espionage  and intellectual property theft.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time.   