 Mr. President, 18 years ago today, in my office in  Oklahoma City, a fellow staff member poked her head into the office and  said to me: There is a freak accident that has happened in New York. A  plane flew into the World Trade Center.   She went down the hallway and pulled in a rolling cart--the younger  generation will have no idea what that is--but a rolling cart with a TV  on top of it, and we plugged it in and watched it. As the second plane  flew in, both of us stood there silently, thinking: That is no  accident. That is murder on a massive scale and terror like I have  never witnessed with my own eyes.   What I didn't know at that moment is how many thousands of lives  would be affected and how much our Nation would be changed. That  morning, 18 years ago, seven Oklahomans died, but  [[Page S5431]]  our Nation was forever changed. Common terms we think about today like  ``TSA,'' or ``terror watch list,'' or ``Department of Homeland  Security,'' or ``Global Entry,'' or ``body scanners,'' or ``PATRIOT  Act''--those didn't exist on September 10, 2001. They have all come  since then as our Nation learns how to do more security, learns how to  engage, and has learned a painful lesson that what people think in an  isolated village in a remote country--what they think matters to us  because what they may carry out, if left alone and ignored, could kill  our family members and our fellow Americans.   Almost 3,000 Americans died that day, but since that time period, we  have pushed back not against the people of Afghanistan or the people of  Iraq, not against Muslims or a faith but against a specific ideology  that intensely hates the freedom of America and who intentionally plans  to kill Americans they have never met.   We learned a new ideology as a nation that day; that we have to not  only take it seriously but that we must not wait until they carry out a  fight. If they are planning it, if they are preparing it, if they have  the capability, we should assume they are actually going to do it.   Since that time period, American men and women have taken the fight  to people who want to come and kill more Americans, but it has also  been at a great cost of American blood and treasure: 4,432 Americans  have died in Iraq; 2,353 Americans have died in Afghanistan. Fifty-one  of those are my fellow Oklahomans in Afghanistan; 72 of those are my  fellow Oklahomans in Iraq.   Today, I pulled out of my closet a specific tie that I rarely wear.  It was a tie given to me by a Gold Star Wife who never ever wanted to  be a Gold Star Wife. She just wanted to be the wife of Chris Horton,  whom she intensely loved, who went to Afghanistan to serve his country  in the Oklahoma National Guard and died for our freedom. Two years  later, she handed me this tie and said: He hated wearing ties, but you  have to wear them all the time. Just remember him.   We, as Americans, will not forget, and we have not forgotten. There  are flags out all over America today just to remember. There are moms  and dads who really hugged their kids tight this morning before they  left for school, and the kids didn't even know why. They just did.  There are places where people are gathering to pray for peace because  as a nation we are a nation of peace, and we have no desire for war. In  fact, we detest the pain and penalty and blood and loss of war, and we  have no desire to be at war across the world, but it came to us, and we  look forward to the day when guns are silent again and this finally  concludes and a time of peace can be restored again.   Today, though, we are just a nation remembering and praying for that  time of peace that will come, and we are telling Gold Star families and  families who have sent their loved ones around the world to places they  had never seen before: We have not forgotten, and we are grateful that  we serve together as a nation.   I yield back.   