 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today in support  of S.J. Res. 2, expressing disapproval of the Trump administration's  desire to remove sanctions from companies owned by Oleg Deripaska. In  accordance with specific provisions in a law I helped write, Countering  America's Adversaries through Sanctions Act, the Senate has until  Thursday to block this delisting; hence the urgency of this vote. If we  wait, then under the law, we lose this important opportunity.   Mr. Deripaska is a notorious Kremlin crony who may have played a role  in the Russian Government's attacks during the 2016 Presidential  election cycle. At this point, we simply do not know enough about his  potential involvement in the cyber attacks and malign influence  campaigns carried out by the Kremlin on the American people, and we  will not find out until we see the full report of Robert Mueller's  completed investigation. Until then, I am not comfortable with any  measure that diminishes sanctions pressure on a powerful Russian  oligarch with deep ties to Vladimir Putin, including this recent deal  agreed to by the Treasury Department.   I am a strong believer in the power of sanctions to incentivize  behavioral change in support of our foreign policy priorities. I also  deeply respect the skill, expertise, and dedication of the career  officials at the Treasury Department who administer many of our  sanctions against Russia.   Nonetheless, the deal before us is seriously flawed. First, we must  be clear that it is not the American people but, rather, Oleg Deripaska  who would benefit handsomely from this arrangement. After his partial  divestment in En+, which is the holding company for aluminum giant  RUSAL, the Treasury Department would allow Deripaska to use a portion  of his shares to pay a very sizable debt to a Russian bank called VTB.  So with the deal, Deripaska's overall balance sheet significantly  improves. This massive benefit to Deripaska alone is enough to question  the merits of this deal.   Moreover, VTB, the Russian bank, is already on a U.S. sectoral  sanctions list, related to the 2014 Russian invasion of Crimea and  Eastern Ukraine. By allowing VTB, the Russian bank, to participate in  this agreement, the Treasury Department is undermining our overall  sanctions regime. In effect, the administration is signaling to every  entity and individual that has had U.S. sanctions imposed in response  to Russia's aggression against Ukraine that they can continue to  undermine a sovereign nation without consequence.   Finally, this deal allows Deripaska to maintain a 44.9-percent  ownership of En+. While this falls below the Treasury Department's  automatic 50 percent threshold for ownership, it is still too high.  Yes, perhaps Deripaska has given up control in a legal sense, a  technical sense, but make no mistake--he will be the largest  shareholder in En+. He will have the ability to appoint one-third of  its board members, and he will continue to leverage his network of  cronies to influence the conduct of this company. He also has family  members who independently will have shares. At the end of the day, he  will direct this company's future. I find that unacceptable. We should  all find it unacceptable.   No one can deny that we debate this resolution in an increasingly  dire context. On top of the indictments and pleas piling up in relation  to the Trump campaign's interactions with Russian officials or efforts  to cover up those interactions, court filings recently revealed that  former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort shared polling data with  Konstantin Kilimnik during the 2016 Presidential election cycle.   For years, we have known that Mr. Kilimnik has served as a key go- between for Manafort and Oleg Deripaska. He, too, has suspected ties to  Russian intelligence.   These latest revelations remind us again that we have more questions  than answers about the relationships between the President's associates  and the Kremlin.   If that news was not disturbing enough, this past weekend, the New  York Times reported that the FBI opened a counterintelligence  investigation into the President, in part after he fired the FBI  Director because of ``this Russia thing.'' Let that sink in. Senior  [[Page S199]]  officials at the FBI--Americans deeply committed to the hierarchy of  law enforcement--saw enough evidence to suspect that Donald Trump, the  sitting President of the United States, could be an agent of the  Russian Government. That is stunning. It is absolutely stunning.   Likewise, over the weekend, the press reported that President Trump  went to extraordinary lengths to conceal the contents of his  conversations with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki and elsewhere, even going  as far as tearing up the notes of his interpreter. His own staff  reportedly sought to learn the contents of the conversation, only to be  told that the interpreter could not share the details because the  President told him not to.   As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I  raised serious questions about what happened in Helsinki. I think the  whole Nation was stunned by seeing the President's performance there.  We wanted to bring the interpreter forward or to get access to those  notes, and now we know those notes were destroyed.   Throughout this Presidency, my colleagues and I have demanded  accountability from this administration. I have been dismayed at the  lack of clarity and transparency from the President when it comes to  his dealings with foreign leaders, particularly Vladimir Putin.   I should note that President Trump has had numerous conversations  with President Xi of China, Kim Jong Un of North Korea, and leaders and  other heads of state across the world. We are not aware of the same  standard of secrecy being applied to those exchanges. The President  seems to only keep secret his conversations with Putin. And that begs  the question, why? Perhaps because Trump and his 2016 campaign staff  have repeatedly lied about the extent of their interactions with  Russians. Perhaps because the Trump-Putin discussions extended to  Russian financing for the Trump Organization's real estate deals  throughout the 1990s and 2000s or the Moscow tower project we now know  the Trump Organization was still pursuing well into 2017--not  advocating on behalf of the American people. Perhaps because the  President inappropriately shared classified information with Putin,  much like he did when Foreign Minister Lavrov met him for a meeting in  the Oval Office. We just don't know, and we have a right to find out.   I ask that my entire comments be printed in the Record, ending by  asking my colleagues to vote in favor of moving forward so that this  can come to light   I yield the floor.    I thank my distinguished colleague from Georgia--a  member of the committee--for doing so. I appreciate his courtesy.   As I said, we don't know, and we have a right to find out. Our own  FBI was worried he might actually be a foreign agent.   Presidents certainly have a right to confidential conversations with  world leaders. Never before in our history have we had a President  under investigation by the FBI for being a foreign agent--an agent of  the Russian Federation. With that in mind, I think we have the right,  the responsibility, and the obligation to ensure that we know what  happened in all of these conversations between President Trump and  Putin and to understand the full extent of this relationship.   I sent a letter to the President today, with the ranking members of  the Armed Services and Intelligence Committees, demanding the  preservation of all records associated with these meetings and the  opportunity to interview the interpreters. This is a matter of U.S.  national security.   This Trump-Russia connection gets more confounding by the day. We  have to protect the integrity of all oversight efforts, including the  objective, sober investigation still being conducted by Robert Mueller.  We must take all measures necessary to protect this investigation,  including a rock-solid commitment by the President's nominee for  Attorney General to not interfere in any way with Mr. Mueller's work.  The American people deserve to know who they elected to be their  President and what is going on in this regard.   Again, it is time to move to legislation on DASKA, which Senator  Graham and I have introduced, along with others. We hope to reintroduce  it again.   I think if this body is serious about protecting our institutions,  our democracy, and about standing up to an increasingly emboldened  Kremlin, if we are serious about our oaths to support and defend the  Constitution, then, No. 1, we will agree to move forward on this RUSAL  question and move forward to find out the rest of the information.   I appreciate the distinguished gentleman yielding time.   