 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that would  defend the integrity of the U.S. Census.   The U.S. Census is crucial to every community, and it is our duty as  Members of Congress to ensure that every person is counted. Not only  does the Census send a message that every person should be counted, but  it determines how and where Federal dollars are spent.   Simply put, it is crucial for our local cities and counties.   The Census count helps us understand how to best provide healthcare,  education, housing, and numerous other public services.   As the chairman of the Small Business Subcommittee on Innovation and  Workforce Development, I have seen how the Census determines how we  spend Federal dollars for programs like the Small Business Development  Center Program and Community Development Block Grants.   It is clear that the purpose of the citizenship question, which we  have already debated and will continue to debate, is not to ensure that  resources go to the communities that need it most but rather to stoke  fear and suppress the Census count.   In communities like mine, this would have a huge impact. It would  undermine our ability to gather an accurate count. That doesn't just  hurt people in our community. It strains public resources and poses  risks to our community's public health and safety.   I am here to lift up the voices in my community and assure them that  Congress will not replace good governance with fear.   While the administration announced that it would continue the data- sharing agreement with the Department of Homeland Security to provide  quality statistics, my amendment reasserts that existing law prohibits  the Census Bureau from sharing individualized Census data across  agencies. Congress must stand firm in assuring the public that no  disaggregated data may leave the Census.   Furthermore, this amendment raises awareness of the law that  penalizes any disclosure of information by Census employees who share  personally identifiable information with agencies like Immigration and  Customs Enforcement and Customs and Border Protection.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Escobar).    Mr. Chair, just to be clear, we vehemently oppose the  citizenship question because as the evidence has made it abundantly  clear, the purpose of that question is to suppress the count and to  stoke fears within our communities, which will have a huge detrimental  impact to our ability to gain an accurate count and provide resources  in an effective way and to govern throughout the country.   I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano).    Mr. Chair, in closing, I just want to reiterate the need  that we send a very strong message as Members of Congress that we have  to enforce existing law.   We have to provide the confidence to people throughout the country  that the Census will not be used to undermine the integrity of the  process, that the citizenship question's purpose is to stoke fears and  to suppress the count, and that we will not allow those fears to  overcome the need for good governance to gain an accurate count and  make sure that the government is working effectively and we are  providing resources to people throughout our communities.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   