 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 9, the Climate Action  Now Act.   The simple fact of the matter is that climate change is real, and it  is creating enormous consequences for the United States. It is a threat  to coastlines and property values, to public health, and to our  economy.   But it is also affecting our military readiness, our national  security, and it is changing the strategic environment in which our  country and our troops operate. That is why I added language to the  fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act making it clear  that Congress acknowledges climate change is a threat to our national  security.   My amendment also requires the Department of Defense to assess the  military bases most threatened by climate change, including an analysis  of future costs of how to deal with and mitigate  [[Page H3359]]  those challenges. Only through sober and rigorous analysis can we  recognize the true cost of climate change to American strength and  capabilities.   Madam Speaker, it is absolutely imperative that we address the  impacts of climate change now, and we have more work to do. This year,  on the Armed Services Committee, we will continue to require the  Pentagon to better assess and report on the climate threat.   Madam Speaker, the Climate Action Now Act is about honoring our  global commitments. As Americans, we rise to meet our challenges; we do  not hide from them. We solve problems. We develop new technologies, and  we innovate to create a more sustainable world. That is our Nation's  proud heritage, and that is the spirit that we should bring toward  engaging this climate threat.   The Paris Agreement was crafted through the work of American  negotiators with other countries around the world. It was signed by an  overwhelming 174 countries, plus the European Union. This agreement  represents a clear consensus to get serious and combat climate change.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. The  threat is real. Time is of the essence. The time to act is now.   