 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to express my  opposition to the amendment before the Senate right now with respect to  the disposition of American forces in Syria.   First, for my colleagues, let me stipulate that President Trump's  Syria policy has been an absolute mess. It has been a train wreck. It  has been a dumpster fire on a daily basis. That is something  Republicans and Democrats can agree on, and I assume that is the reason  we are having this debate right now.   There is bipartisan consternation over a policy in Syria that seems  to change daily. It often changes based upon who the last person was to  walk into the Oval Office or catch the President's ear.   The current policy seems to be that the President is intent on  pulling out the 2,000 or so troops that are there at the request of the  leader of Turkey. He would love to see the United States pull out so  that he could move his troops in and overrun the Kurdish forces, which  have been our partners for several years in trying to root out ISIS and  extremist groups from Syria.   Let me also stipulate that I was one who did not support sending  American troops into Syria in the first place. I have never believed  that there is a military solution, led by the United States, to the  host of problems that ravage that country. But once you have made that  commitment, if you are going to undo it, you have to do it in some  orderly fashion. To simply decide on a moment's notice, without any  discussion with our allies or partners, that we are moving troops out  is the wrong way to undo a commitment that I would argue was wrong in  the first place.   You have to have a plan in place for the security of those you are  leaving behind--both the Kurdish forces that you have pushed to bring  the fight to ISIS, as well as all of the civilians who could be caught  in the crossfire between an advancing Turkish force and a defensively  oriented Kurdish force.   This is not why I am on the floor today--to try to, once again,  rehash all of the ways that Trump's policy in Syria has gone wrong. I  want to talk about why this amendment is not the right way for us to  proceed as a means of correcting Trump's backward policies and how it  could, frankly, get us more deeply mired into a series of conflicts in  the Middle East, which are not supported--nor will they be supported-- by the American people.   First, we should be debating an authorization of military force for  American forces in Syria, not an amendment that restricts an illegal  use of military force.   The President does not have congressional authorization to use U.S.  troops to fight ISIS in Syria or anywhere else. He claims he does  because he has taken the 2001 AUMF and suggested that because some  elements of al-Qaida eventually became elements of ISIS, that  authorization continues. There is no one who voted then for that  authorization some 17 years ago who thought that it would now be used  as a means to fight a very different terrorist organization.   We should be having a debate about renewing America's authorization  of military force so that it is updated for the enemies we are actually  fighting, instead of conceding that the President has what is now,  potentially, unlimited ability to fight anyone, anywhere around the  world, who has any kind of affiliation to a terrorist group named 17  years ago. We are not doing that. Instead, through this amendment, in  some way, shape, or form, we are ratifying the President's extra- constitutional use of military force overseas, green-lighting the  continued end-around on congressional authorization that this President  and many other Presidents would like to continue.   Let me also concede that this perversion of the 2001 AUMF was not  invented by President Trump. It was invented by President Obama. I  opposed it then, as I oppose it now.   Second, the language of this bill suggests that our mission inside  Syria is not just to fight ISIS. The language of this bill suggests  that our troops are in Syria to fight Iran as well. Over and over  again, this amendment is peppered with references to the rationale for  our existence in Syria being not just to fight ISIS but also to counter  Iranian influence.   In fact, the amendment lists a series of conditions that we believe  need to be filled before troops are to be withdrawn. Among those  conditions is a strategy to ``stop Iran from dominating the region.''  That is an interesting debate for us to have: What should be the role  of the United States to stop Iran from dominating the region?   I agree with my Republican colleagues that it is not in the security  interests of the United States, nor our allies, for Iran to continue to  gain a bigger foothold in the region, but there is absolutely no  congressional authorization for U.S. forces to be in Syria to counter  Iran or to fight Iran or to try to be a bulwark against Iranian  aggression. No matter what kind of hoops you jump through to try to  contort the 2001 AUMF to counter ISIS, you cannot get it to cover Iran.   This resolution--I don't know that it suggests, but it essentially  admits--it asserts--that our troops are inside Syria today not just to  fight ISIS but to stop Iran from gaining a bigger foothold there and,  in fact, makes a condition of our troops' withdrawal be a strategy to  continue to press back against the Iranians. There is no AUMF for that.   Let me tell you my real worry. Putting a bipartisan stamp of approval  today on an amendment that suggests our troops are inside Syria, in  part, to counter Iran will ultimately empower those in the  administration who are rooting for actual war with Iran. If Democrats  and Republicans say here, today, that our mission inside Syria is  ultimately to fight Iran, then doesn't that potentially put some  imprimatur of congressional support for a bigger conflagration with  Iran that some in the administration may be trying to achieve?   Third, this amendment leaves the impression that there is an  American-led military solution to all of the vexing problems inside  Syria. There is none. There is none. If we really want to have a debate  about the future of American policy in Syria, then we need to come to  the conclusion that, ultimately, if we want to be a real player in the  long-term disposition of Syria for the betterment of the Syrian people,  then American diplomats, American refugee programs, and American  economic development aid are going to be much more dispositive than  2,000 American troops.   Let me give you an example. In Northern Syria, where the Kurds exist  and where American troops are for the time being, we have a problem. As  I outlined before, the problem is a relatively simple one. We have  pushed the Kurds to become more and more influential in the military  and governance matters of that region. That was important for us  because the Kurds were the most likely fighting force to be able to  oust ISIS, but we knew ahead of time that this was going to create a  problem with the Kurds, who see the YPG--the Kurdish military--as a  terrorist group. We don't agree with them, but we knew ahead of time  that the Turks would not stand for the long-term empowerment of the YPG  in those portions of Syria.   We have now reached the point at which the rubber hits the road--at  which Erdogan has said: We are not going to stand for that. We are  going to bring our troops in, creating a potential flashpoint there.   There is a solution here, and Erdogan outlined it in an op-ed he  wrote for a major American newspaper. He said: Well, listen, we  understand the Kurds are going to have to be influential, but it has to  be Kurds we support, not Kurds we believe to be affiliated with  terrorist groups. That is a really tricky needle to thread, and I am  not sure that it ever can be threaded. But the way you do that is,  frankly, not with tanks or with American marines but with diplomats and  with experienced  [[Page S792]]  foreign policy hands--people who know how to work out a complicated  political arrangement in which the Kurds continue to be able to run  that region but the Turks decide to hold back and not press forward  militarily. That is a diplomatic and political quandary that cannot be  solved by the American military.   This amendment seems to suggest that we can solve all of our  problems--or many of our problems--if we just keep 2,000 troops there.   Fourth, the back end of this amendment lays out a series of criteria  that have to be fulfilled before the troops can be removed. I mentioned  one of them--that there has to be a strategy to combat Iranian  influence. The final of these criteria is that ISIS has to have been  substantially defeated in the region and a certification has to be made  to that effect.   Well, let me ask my colleagues this--it is a legitimate question, not  a rhetorical one. I don't know the answer, and maybe someone can  provide it to me. When was the last time this Congress tied the  Executive hands in that way? When was the last time this Congress  actually laid out the conditions by which the Executive cannot withdraw  troops from a region? That seems to be a very curious exercise of our  foreign policy oversight responsibility.    I am someone who has suggested for a long time that we have largely  abdicated that responsibility. I would love for us to be debating  foreign policy and exercising our oversight more often, but the idea  that we would, as a legislative body, tell the President that he cannot  withdraw troops from a place unless x, y, and z criteria are met seems  to be dangerous and restrictive because there are all sorts of  conditions that you can imagine that aren't listed in this amendment by  which a President may feel it is in our best interest to bring troops  home.   The Constitution doesn't vest in this Congress the power to undeclare  war. It vests in us the power to declare war. To me, I worry that by  restricting the aperture by which the President can make an argument to  bring troops home, we ultimately will end up having them be in harm's  way for longer than is necessary.   Maybe this isn't unprecedented. Maybe there are other times where we  have done this, but it does seem to be fairly unprecedented for the  legislature to tie the Executive's hands and tell him or her that he  has to keep troops in a place for a certain period of time.   I wanted to come down to the floor and express my reservations about  this amendment. Again, I wish we were having a debate on an AUMF. I  wish this weren't the way in which we were exercising our  constitutional prerogative on foreign policy. I am deeply worried-- deeply worried--about language in this amendment that empowers those in  the administration who are jonesing for a fight with Iran. I do not  believe that however capable and brave our troops are in Syria, they  ultimately are the answer. If we want to have a debate on Syria policy,  let's talk about all the other ways that we need to engage in Syria in  order to bring stability to that place. I do worry about how we tie  this President's hands or any President's hands when they want to bring  our troops home and get them out of harm's way.   Trump has completely botched policy in Syria, but that shouldn't go-- even Trump's most ferocious opponents--from endorsing endless wars.  That shouldn't require Democrats to be against everything that he is  for. He is pulling our troops out in a way that I oppose, but I worry  about the long-term implications of this Congress asking for a fight in  Syria that is unauthorized and then tying the President's hands when it  comes to getting troops out of harm's way in places in far-off lands.   I oppose the amendment and encourage my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   