 Madam Speaker, there is a crisis at the southern border.  That is true. This past month, 140,000 people showed up seeking asylum:  84,000 families, 11,000 children.   But everything--every single thing--that the Trump administration is  doing, led by President Trump himself, is making a very dire situation  worse.   First, start with the definition that our President gives for what is  going on. It is the arrival of rapists, of criminals, of gang members,  when every single one of us who has been on that heartbreaking trip to  the southern border knows it is children, women, and families who are  fleeing violence, who are fleeing gang members, and who are fleeing  destitution and grinding poverty.   Those are the people arriving at the border. Their crime, made  criminal by the administration, is to seek help, to knock on America's  door and ask for help.   We may not be able to do all that we would like, but is it a crime  for a person to ask for assistance?   Second, by defining the crisis as an invasion of criminals--the Trump  definition--the Trump policy is to treat these people worse than  criminals, first starting with the family separation policy where  children, literally, were yanked out of the arms of their parents.   Many of those children still don't know where their father or their  mother is. That is being done in your name and mine, with the full  authority of the American Government and the widespread opposition of  the American people.    Then, when these people are in our custody, it is the imposition of  cruel and brutal conditions on children and innocent people whose crime  is to seek some assistance.   We had a Trump attorney, in Federal court, arguing that when it came  to fulfilling the duty that we had of holding in custody children, it  was okay to deny them toothbrushes, soap, access to showers, and  sanitary conditions, and to have them sleeping on cement floors in  frigid conditions.  [[Page H5094]]    This is shocking. It is unnecessary. It is inhumane. In short, it is  a policy of calculated cruelty, family separation, and affliction of  wholesale suffering.   It must end. We must immediately return all children to their parents  and provide humane, sanitary, and safe conditions for those seeking  asylum.   We must work with El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala to improve  conditions in those countries to address humanitarian conditions.    We must not withdraw hundreds of millions of dollars in  aid, as the President decrees.   Mr. President, the response to this crisis must not be cruelty.   Enforce our laws, yes. Work with Central American governments, yes.  But treat all who seek America's help with respect and dignity.   