 Madam President, I rise to express my objections in  opposition to the Trump administration's constant attacks on women's  healthcare, such as taking action to undermine the Patient Protection  and Affordable Care Act and finalizing administrative rules that allow  discriminatory practices to family planning providers and women seeking  reproductive healthcare.   Women and their healthcare should not be under constant threat. As a  country, the United States has made great efforts to promote equal  rights for both women and men. Yet in the 21st century, the Trump  administration and congressional Republicans continue to push the  policies that set this country back.   The Trump administration's attacks on women's healthcare are  unconscionable. Trump has taken several administrative actions that  allow employers, insurance companies, and hospitals to refuse  healthcare coverage and services based on their personal beliefs. For  example, the recently finalized refusal rule allows virtually any  individual or entity involved in a patient's care--from a hospital's  board of directors to a receptionist who schedules procedures--to put  their personal beliefs ahead of a patient's healthcare needs.   Letting hospitals, pharmacies, and a range of people involved in  healthcare deny services means that women will lose critical care. Rape  survivors could be denied emergency birth control. Same-sex couples  could be denied fertility treatment. Women with an unintended pregnancy  could be denied information and counseling on their options. The rule  represents a radical departure from HHS's mission and long history of  combating discrimination, protecting patients' access to care, and  eliminating health disparities. It is outrageous that President Trump  continually implements policies that discriminate against women in  healthcare. We cannot allow women to be treated this way.    One of the most egregious acts of this administration is gutting  title X, the Nation's only federal grant program dedicated solely to  providing individuals with comprehensive family planning and related  preventive health services. The Trump administration finalized a rule  that would bar providers from giving their patients complete medical  information and block care at popular family planning providers like  Planned Parenthood, even though Planned Parenthood serves approximately  40 percent of title X patients.   Last year, title X funding allowed nearly 4,000 health centers to  provide over 4 million low-income women and men basic primary and  preventive healthcare services such as pap tests, cervical cancer  screenings, contraception, breast exams, and HIV testing. In Maryland  there are 55 title X-funded health centers spanning my State. These  include federally qualified health centers, local health departments,  Planned Parenthood clinics, and school-based health centers. In fiscal  year 2015, Maryland received over $3.8 million in title X funding and  provided health services to over 64,000 patients. These are low-income,  underinsured, and uninsured individuals who would otherwise lack access  to healthcare.   In addition to attacks on women's healthcare, the Trump  administration has proposed a title IX rule that weakens the existing  protections for victims of campus sexual assault and allows  universities to roll back their responsibilities to ensure students  receive an education free of discrimination. Recently I was on the  campus of the University of Maryland, College Park, speaking to  students from College Park and Bowie State University regarding issues  related to higher education. At College Park students are guaranteed  housing on campus only for their first 2 years of education. Under  Secretary DeVos's title IX rule, the university would no longer be  responsible for investigating any claims of sexual assault for  incidents that take place off campus, even though it may involve two  students. In fact, 9 out of 10 sexual assaults do take place off  college campuses.   This rule and the administration's failure even to listen to the  concerns of sexual assault survivors on campus show a callous disregard  for victims. We should be working to ensure protection for victims, not  minimizing their experiences. In order to do just that, I have fought  for funding for the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights to  have adequate staffing to investigate these claims and other  [[Page S2805]]  claims of violations of a student's civil rights. I have also  cosponsored bipartisan legislation, such as the Campus Accountability  and Safety Act, which seeks to find a commonsense solution to this  difficult issue that holds colleges accountable without traumatizing  victims when reporting an assault.   We should also take up and pass the reauthorization for the Violence  Against Women's Act. Last month, the House passed this critical  legislation, which would reauthorize funding of these programs and  authorize new programs; amend and add definitions used in the VAWA  programs; amend Federal criminal law relating to firearms, custodial  rape, and stalking; and expand Tribal jurisdiction over certain crimes  committed on Tribal lands.   The American people deserve better from their elected officials. I am  committed to opposing President Trump's reckless and outrageous actions  that would harm women and their families in Maryland and across our  Nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   