 Mr. President, I join with many of my colleagues to make  a pretty simple request, and that is, the issue of gun violence in this  country requires us to take action.   The Senate needs to do what it has historically been in place to do.  The Presiding Officer is in his first term, and I am in my third term.  The U.S. Senate is the place in which we debate and vote on issues, the  greatest deliberative body in the world--at least that is what I  thought I was running for.   It is time for Leader McConnell to bring up gun safety legislation-- well  [[Page S5425]]  past time to bring up gun safety legislation--and for us to act and do  something about gun violence in this country.   Yes, we hope the President will lead, will provide that leadership  that we hear about after every one of these mass shootings--that the  President is engaged. We need his leadership to bring us together on  sensible gun safety legislation, but if not, we still have the  responsibility here in this body to act. We call upon Leader McConnell  to bring forward sensible gun safety legislation.   The United States is an outlier on gun violence. When you compare the  amount of gun violence in the United States to that in the other  developed countries of the world, in every category, multiply it times  10, 20, or 30--more likely for gun violence episodes here in the United  States than other developed countries of the world.   We have far more private ownership of guns in this country than other  industrial nations of the world. We have far more mass killings. We  have far more gun-related suicides, and the list goes on and on and on.   So we need to take action. This is one area where we don't want to be  the outlier. We want safe communities, and inaction is not an answer.   Yes, there are many things we could do. Look, the people of Maryland  and the people throughout this country have been victims of this gun  violence. In my own State of Maryland, we had a mass shooting in June  of last year at the Capital Gazette--outrageous. People trying to do  their jobs were killed. We have had, of course, school shootings. It is  time for this Congress to take steps to reduce this risk. Inaction is  not an option.   What should we do? As my previous colleague said, there are a lot of  things we should be doing. We should take a look at whether it is  reasonable for there to be private ownership of military-style weapons.  I think there shouldn't be. That is certainly a bill we can bring up.    We have seen these assault weapons used in a lot of mass attacks,  where you have multiple casualties in a matter of seconds, where there  is no possibility for law enforcement to respond to keep people safe  during that short period of time.   We should get rid of the high-capacity magazines. I know the House is  working on that. That is something that, again, is not necessary for  the purposes of recreation.   We should identify extreme-risk individuals and be able to put a flag  on their ability to purchase a weapon. We need to invest in mental  health. All of that is important.   The bill we can pass today is a universal background check. The House  has passed it. It has been here since February of this year. For 7  months, that bill has been here--universal background checks. It was  passed with a strong bipartisan vote in the House of Representatives  and is consistent with the Second Amendment. The Supreme Court has said  the right is not absolute, that certain individuals are not entitled to  have firearms because of what they have done.   Since 1968, we have provided forms to determine whether individuals  are entitled to own a firearm or not. Of course, in 1993, we passed the  presale process for licensed dealers because that is where guns were  being purchased back in 1993. So if you buy a gun from a licensed  firearms dealer, you have to go through the National Instant Criminal  Background Check System. As my colleague has said, it takes a matter of  seconds. You can get cleared or not cleared, and it works. Three  million guns have been denied a transfer as a result of this check, but  there are loopholes in it because of the way commerce is handled today.  It doesn't cover private sales. Internet sales weren't even available  back when we passed these laws. We have to close those loopholes, and  it will save lives. States that have closed these loopholes have a  lower amount of gun violence than those States that have not.   We need a national answer to this. A person from Maryland can go into  Virginia or West Virginia where the laws are different. We need one  Federal law to deal with closing this loophole.   Today and every day in this country 100 people are killed through gun  violence--every single day. We can't wait. We have to act. That is what  this body is best at.   So I encourage President Trump to lead on this issue. I know he had  some meetings this week. I encourage our leader to allow this body to  take up the universal background check bill that passed the House of  Representatives by a strong bipartisan vote. Let us get that done. Let  us tell the people of this country that we will not be silent and we  will not be inactive in regard to the amount of gun violence in this  country.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to urge the Senate to confirm  the nomination of Stephanie Gallagher of Maryland to be a U.S. District  Judge for the District of Maryland. This is a noncontroversial  nomination which the Senate should be able to confirm in short order.   Judge Stephanie Gallagher brings tremendous experience to the  courtroom as a sitting U.S. magistrate judge in Baltimore, as well as  being a former prosecutor, private law firm attorney, and judicial law  clerk. Her strong roots in the Maryland legal community, tremendous  understanding and respect for the rule of law, and willingness to  volunteer her time in service outside the courtroom make her an  exceptional nominee. I was pleased to recommend Judge Gallagher's  nomination to President Trump, along with Senator Van Hollen.   I must note for my colleagues that I originally recommended Judge  Gallagher's nomination to President Obama along with Senator Mikulski,  back in 2015, given the impending retirement of Judge William Quarles  in 2016. Judge Gallagher's nomination has actually been favorably  recommended by the Judiciary Committee on three separate occasions, in  2016, 2018, and now in 2019. Most recently, on June 20, 2019, the  Judiciary Committee favorably recommended Judge Gallagher to the full  Senate for confirmation by a vote of 21-1.   I want to thank Senator Van Hollen for working with me to ensure we  seek out the best attorneys in our State for Federal judicial  vacancies, which are lifetime appointments and one of the most  important obligations we have as U.S. Senators. We have recommended  judicial nominations to the President that have made Marylanders proud  of our Federal courts.   Stephanie Gallagher, of Baltimore, MD, has been a U.S. magistrate  judge in Baltimore since April 2011. As a magistrate judge, Judge  Gallagher works closely on a daily basis with district court judges,  the very position she has been nominated for today. In her current  position as a magistrate judge, Judge Gallagher convenes settlement  conferences, resolves discovery disputes, and prepares reports and  recommendations on dispositive motions. With the consent of the  parties, Judge Gallagher can take jurisdiction over civil cases. In  consent cases, she becomes the presiding judge, making all rulings in  the case and overseeing the trial. In this capacity, she has presided  over civil bench and jury trials. She has served as the criminal duty  judge on a rotating basis with her colleagues, where she presides over  preliminary proceedings in felony cases and handles misdemeanor cases,  including those occurring at Federal military installations in  Maryland.   Previously, Judge Gallagher was a partner and cofounder at Levin &  Gallagher LLC, now Levin & Curlett, for 3 years, served as an Assistant  U.S. Attorney in Baltimore for 6 years, and was a litigation associate  at Akin Gump in Washington, DC, for 2 years. She practiced in a wide  variety of legal issues, including complex civil litigation, employment  disputes, constitutional issues, criminal defense, and criminal  prosecution.   Judge Gallagher began her legal career as a law clerk for then-Chief  Judge J. Frederick Motz of the U.S. District Court for the District of  Maryland from 1997 to 1999. She received her J.D. in 1997 from Harvard  Law School, graduating cum laude, and received her B.S. in government  from Georgetown University in 1994, graduating magna cum laude.   The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has declared this  Maryland seat as a judicial emergency, based on the length of the  vacancy and the caseload of the court.   Judge Gallagher was given the rating of unanimously well qualified by  the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal  Judiciary, which is their highest possible rating.   Judge Gallagher brings tremendous experience and credentials to the  courtroom as a sitting U.S. Magistrate Judge in Baltimore, as well as  being a former prosecutor, private law firm attorney, and judicial law  clerk. Her strong roots in the Maryland legal community and fantastic  understanding and respect for the rule of law make her an exceptional  nominee. I was pleased to recommend Judge Gallagher's nomination to  both President Obama and President Trump. I am confident that she will  serve the people of Maryland extremely well once she is finally  confirmed for this lifetime appointment as a U.S. District Judge for  the District of Maryland.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this nomination and confirm  Judge Gallagher.   