 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor  privileges be granted to Tessa Silverman, a member of my staff, during  today's session of the Senate.    Mr. President, I stand here today to mourn the loss of  Kay Hagan. Kay was a warm, kind person with a wonderful sense of humor,  and she was an inspiring public servant. I feel fortunate to have been  her friend and colleague here in the U.S. Senate. I am deeply saddened  to be among the many who will miss her profoundly.   Kay knew from a young age that her destiny was in politics, starting  when she worked here as an intern. She often recalled operating the  Senate elevators in the 1970s. She would watch the Nation's leaders and  influencers pass by, including her maternal uncle, then-Senator Lawton  Chiles from Florida. She would dream of riding those elevators herself  as an elected official.   Kay worked incredibly hard to achieve that dream. She earned her BA  degree from Florida State University and her JD from Wake Forest  University School of Law. Before Kay began her political career, she  worked in financial services and became a vice president of North  Carolina National Bank, which is now part of Bank of America.   In 1998, she was elected to the North Carolina State Senate, where  her talent in setting the State's budget and her devotion to her  constituents earned her a spot among North Carolina's ``Ten Most  Effective Senators'' 3 years in a row. Then, in 2008, she became a U.S.  Senator in a historic election. Kay was North Carolina's second female  Senator ever and its first Democratic female senator.   From the moment Kay arrived in the Senate, she concerned herself with  how to use her platform to clear the way for other people, especially  other women, to achieve their ambitions. The very first bill she  cosponsored was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which created a  fairer system for filing claims of pay discrimination. She also worked  with Senator Schumer to open the Senate swimming pool to female  Senators for the first time.   Where Kay saw injustice and where she saw indignity, she saw  opportunities to make the world a better place. She was committed to  fighting for anyone who needed her help. She was a fierce advocate for  servicemembers, veterans, and military families. Both her father and  brother served in the U.S. Navy. She also spent much of her Senate  career campaigning to improve education, financial literacy, and job  training for underserved communities. She rallied people to these  causes--not with strong-arming or with steamrolling but with cleverness  and compassion and coalition-building.   Kay was the type of legislator who dug into issues that made a real  difference in people's lives, even if they weren't necessarily  headline-grabbing. I had the honor of working alongside Kay in the  Senate Small Business Committee for 4 years, and I watched her  tirelessly create economic opportunity for North Carolinians and all  Americans. The programs and policies we spearheaded there may not have  made front page news, but Kay knew she was making a difference for  entrepreneurship opportunities in our country.   The only thing to rival Kay's dedication to her constituents was her  dedication to her family. Kay was endlessly devoted to her husband Chip  and their three children, Tilden, Jeanette, and Carrie, and all of her  loved ones.   Her brother-in-law, Henry Hagan, is a fellow Baltimorean, and he has  told me over the years how Kay truly was the Sun around which the  entire family orbited. She was a source of gravity and life for them,  as she was for so many people who were lucky enough to know her.   May her gravity continue to ground us, and may her light continue to  warm and guide us. I wish all of Kay's family and friends comfort  during this difficult time.   I yield the floor.   