 Madam Speaker, let's be clear: Venezuela is  one of the most natural-resources-rich nations on the planet, and for  oil, in the top five in reserves in the world.   The problem with Venezuela is not its people, other than that they  made mistakes in whom they elected. The problem is not the lack of  resources, which should empower those people to be wealthy. Rather, the  problem in Venezuela is the self-inflicted adoption of socialism.   Let's be clear about the economic havoc that is now occurring in  Venezuela. We have starvation. In one recent study, the average adult  over a year's period of time had a weight loss in excess of 20 pounds  because they could not get the calories needed to sustain their body  weight. Riots have resulted.   Inflation a few years ago was over 1,000 percent. Today, we have  estimates that inflation in Venezuela is as high as 10 million percent.  Of course, the currency is worthless and becoming more so.   Venezuela, as a country, has been brought to its knees by the  adoption of socialism. I find it ironic that so many in America now  advocate the suppression of free enterprise and the liberty on which it  is based, and the replacement of free enterprise and liberty with  socialism and the dictatorial nature that is inherent in the adoption  of socialist practices. Venezuela is an excellent example of why  America must never go socialist.   I want to emphasize one thing: While Maduro has been in charge of  Venezuela, Maduro is not the cause of the economic hardship that is now  being faced in Venezuela. Rather, it is the people's adoption of  socialism.   Let's go to H.R. 549 and how it relates to what I have just said.   This bill proposes a tsunami of people coming to our country who are  ill-equipped to support themselves.   Let's put that into the perspective of where we are as a nation. We  just blew through the $22 trillion debt mark earlier this year. This  year, we are looking at a roughly $900 billion deficit.   A deal has been reached that will only increase our deficit by $2  trillion over the next 2 years, pushing our debt up to $22 trillion.  This is money we do not have, have to borrow to get, and can't afford  to pay back.   How does that relate to H.R. 549? Well, let me share some numbers  with you: Sixty percent of households with a lawful immigrant in them  are on welfare, living off the hard work of others. Seventy percent of  illegal alien households are on welfare, living off the hard work of  others here in the United States of America.   Quite frankly, Madam Speaker, the United States of America can no  longer afford to be the world's orphanage for children and adults  alike. We have to get our own house in order, and this legislation  helps to increase that disorder by increasing our deficit and debt,  making it less manageable and further risking debilitating insolvency  and the bankruptcy of a great Nation.   Madam Speaker, I ask for opposing H.R. 549, and that is how I will  vote.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   