 Mr. President, first let me thank Senator Inhofe for his  leadership and his cooperation, which has gotten us to this point in  the consideration of the fiscal year 2020 National Defense  Authorization Act. The chairman has been thoughtful. He has been very  reasonable.   We had a record hearing in our committee in terms of the number of  amendments we dealt with and how we did it in a very collegial fashion.  As a result, we were able to once again, as he has indicated, include  93 additional amendments in the substitute package that has been  submitted. That is testimony to the good work of the chairman and the  outstanding work of our staff, who have been working very diligently,  and I appreciate it.   This is a very good bill. It passed out of committee by a vote of 25  to 2--totally bipartisan vote. It contains many needed authorities,  funding authorizations, and reforms that will help the men and women of  our Armed Services.   As both of us have indicated, it also contains numerous amendments  from many of my colleagues on other issues of great importance, such  as, for example, the intelligence authorization. We have included in  this legislation the work of the Intelligence Committee not just for  this year but the past 3 years. So we will now have up-to-date  authorities for the intelligence community. We will authorize the  Maritime Administration. We have provisions that range far and wide. We  have an amendment dealing with the fentanyl crisis. We have an  amendment dealing with the PFOS/PFAS in our water around military  bases. This is a significant crisis we are beginning to recognize more  and more each day.   This legislation is extremely supportive of the men and women in  uniform and, indeed, touches on many other important aspects that are  necessary as we move forward.   As we both said in our opening statements last week, we would like to  have a robust debate on this bill and vote on amendments. It was the  process for many years. We need to get back to the process where we  have amendments--some of them contentious, some of them not so  contentious, but there would be an agreed-upon path, a reasonable time  for debate, and then a vote.   In fact, the Chairman and I try to work together. When we have  differences, we say: Well, that will be resolved by a vote. If you  can't agree to a consensus compromise, then in this Chamber you  ultimately hope you can get a vote, and that will be the deciding  factor.   I understand there are differences about the proceedings,  particularly with respect to the issue of potential military action  against Iran. I do not think anyone will argue with the fact that it is  a very pressing issue and the Senate has a role we are obligated to  fulfill. Last week, the chairman and I were both at the White House,  and the President very graciously listened to our thoughts and ideas  about the response to the drone strike.   We are in a situation where potential conflict or interaction with  Iran is not hypothetical. Just 4, 5 days ago, we were confronted with a  very serious situation. The President made a decision not to use a  kinetic strike on Iran. I think that was an appropriate decision. But  we are at a point now where the Senate as an institution--not as  individuals accommodating the President but as an institution--has to  take a position, I feel.   We understand, too, that as the administration applies more and more  pressure on the Iranian regime, there will be several likelihoods. One  will be that these reactions to our pressure will take place. As the  President indicated in his televised comments, his first sense was this  was probably not officially authorized, that it may have been a  subordinate who had taken the action, which had minimized, to a degree,  the severity. Of course, the most significant factor of all was that we  had lost an expensive piece of equipment, but, thank goodness, we  didn't lose any American personnel. Nevertheless, this pressure  campaign is producing a counterreaction, and that counterreaction could  be more and more dangerous to our interests. It could escalate. It  would create a situation in which the question of armed conflict with  Iran will not be, as I said, theoretical, but something we will have to  confront.   The dangers of miscalculation and escalation on both sides are acute  at the moment. So we have to, I think, as a Senate take a position with  respect to this issue. That is why I think the amendment is extremely  important.   What I would hope we would all like to see is that we are able to  accomplish two things--one, to have an adequate debate and a vote on  this amendment. There may be other amendments people will propose on  which they will feel strongly about having votes, and we could consider  those also; two, our ability to conclude our debate on the Defense  authorization bill and move forward. I don't think we have given up on  that pathway yet.   I think we are still trying to find a pathway to address these  critical issues of national security, with respect to there being a  potential conflict with Iran as well as our finishing this bill in a  timely fashion. I don't think it will be months from now but really  days from now or a week or more from now that we will finish this bill.  I look forward to working with my colleagues to find this path forward.   Again, the chairman has been extremely responsive and thoughtful  about this, and his views and participation will be critical to these  efforts.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, pursuant to  the order in place, we recess.   