 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  fiscal year 2019 Financial Services and General Government  appropriations bill as an effective vehicle for reopening the  [[Page H334]]  Federal Government agencies that are funded by this bill as  expeditiously as possible.   The legislation before the House today is vitally important to  ensuring the Federal Government and the U.S. economy can work for the  American people. It safeguards our financial system, ensures a fair  playing field for taxpayers, supports new businesses, cultivates the  vibrancy and effectiveness of our telecommunications system, safeguards  our workers, provides for the safety of our products, and protects the  integrity of our elections.   Among the agencies funded under the bill are the Consumer Product  Safety Commission, the Federal Communications Commission, the Federal  Trade Commission, the Federal Election Commission, the Securities and  Exchange Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Small  Business Administration.   With this current, unnecessary, misguided government shutdown, the  agencies responsible for these objectives are not able to fulfill their  mission for the American people.   Hundreds of thousands of Federal workers are being furloughed without  pay; consumer help lines are going unanswered due to a lack of staff;  enforcement activities are being suspended; and loans from the Small  Business Administration are not being processed. In addition, with the  closure of the Federal Election Commission, reports of political  malfeasance are not being investigated.   And of great significance, without this funding, millions of  Americans will not be able to have their tax returns processed so that  they can receive the refunds on which they rely to make purchases and  pay bills and school tuition. These refunds, when spent by taxpayers,  contribute immensely to the national economy, creating and maintaining  countless jobs.   As a member of the House Appropriations Financial Services and  General Government Subcommittee, I urge my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to support this legislation, which passed the Senate last  month on a bipartisan vote of 92-6.   Let's reopen these agencies and put the government back to work for  the people, for the American people.   