 Madam President, just a few months ago, we stood here on  the Senate floor celebrating the progress we had made together in the  appropriations process, as Senator Leahy has just alluded to. I believe  we are all tired of lurching from crisis to crisis amid partisan  bickering. Both sides resolved then to put aside partisan differences  and work together for the good of the American people, and it worked.   Together, we funded 75 percent of the government on time. While we  would have preferred to have funded 100 percent, it was considerably  more progress than we had made in decades. Yet we find ourselves here  today more than 1 month into the longest partial shutdown of the  government in American history. It is enough to give you whiplash.   Funding the remaining 25 percent of government is a task before us  here today. Homeland security, border security, is the linchpin. We  know that. Are our differences really as insurmountable as they seem?  They should not be, and I want to discuss why.   Last May, the Appropriations Committee considered the fiscal year  2019 Homeland Security bill. That bill included money for a physical  barrier at the southern border. In fact, it included an increase in  funding over the 2018 level for a physical barrier.   Our Democratic colleagues made no attempt to strike this funding,  just as Republicans made no effort to strike funding for Democratic  priorities in the bill. The bill passed with overwhelming bipartisan  support in the committee--a vote of 26 to 5. There were no fireworks or  histrionics in the hearing room that day. There was no demand to delay  the Homeland Security bill until the rest of the Federal Government was  funded. Rather, the committee simply decided together, on a bipartisan  basis, to increase funding for a project that Congress funded the  previous year. The fireworks and demands for delayed consideration came  later.   It boggles the mind at times how we return so quickly to a standoff  mode--to a zero-sum mentality--after making so much progress together.  It is particularly perplexing to me considering bipartisan support is  exactly what underpinned the very thing that now divides us so  bitterly.   Just a few months ago, funding for a physical barrier in the southern  border was part of a bipartisan deal, and now we cannot even really  discuss it. That was then. I understand that. But where do we go from  here? Who is offering real solutions, comprehensive solutions to end  this impasse?   The President, for his part, has proposed a serious and, I think, a  reasonable compromise--a comprehensive solution. I commend him for  that. He is doing what the American people expect, I think, showing a  willingness to work together to find common ground.   I encourage my Democratic colleagues to reciprocate here. We have in  the past. If this proposal today is unacceptable, I ask my colleagues  on the other side to put something on the table that could help move us  off the dime. Work with us. Propose a comprehensive solution to get us  moving in the right direction. But simply saying no, demanding that we  deal with border security later, is not going to cut it today.   What do we do about solving our crisis? This is a real crisis. If not  now, when? When will be the time to secure the border? What good will  more time or talking do?   The American people have been promised that border security will come  later since the Simpson-Mazzoli amnesty in 1986. Look at where we are  today--still waiting, still talking. The drug smuggling, the human  trafficking, and the chaos are a real crisis. We know what must be  done. It is a question of what will be done.   I say this afternoon in the Senate, let's come together. Let's put  the bitterness behind us and do what is right for the American people-- end the shut-down and secure the border. The real question before us  today is this: Is this the beginning of the end or is it just the end  of the beginning? We shall find out.   