 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today we begin to consider S.J. Res. 7,  which is a joint resolution that directs--and I quote from the  resolution--``removal of U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities in Yemen.''   This is the second time, of course, that we have considered this. We  passed it, the House passed it, and the President has vetoed it, and it  is now in front of us, under our constitutional responsibilities, to  consider whether the resolution becomes law, notwithstanding the  President's signature.   I am going to urge a ``no'' vote on this, that it does not become  law, and we sustain the veto the President has made.   As I have stated before, the premise of this resolution is  fundamentally flawed and I believe a mischaracterization of the actual  facts on the ground today in Yemen.   I want to start basically by, once again, making it absolutely clear  what is and, more importantly, what is not happening with respect to  U.S. engagement in Yemen.   What isn't happening is the injection of U.S. troops into active  hostilities in the Yemen civil war. To put it simply, our troops are  not cobelligerents in this conflict.   What we are doing, however, is providing limited noncombat support to  the Saudi-led coalition, including intelligence sharing and practices  that have been developed to minimize civilian casualties--I am sure a  goal everybody in this body supports.   This support is very narrow in focus, it is advisory in nature, and  helps defend the territorial integrity of Saudi Arabia and the UAE,  which both face a very real threat from the Iranian-backed Houthis and  from Iran itself. Our limited support is intended to prevent the  conflict in Yemen from escalating.   Iran's support for the Houthis, notably the transfer of missiles and  other weaponry, threatens to undermine our partners' territorial  integrity, imperils key shipping routes, and puts U.S. interests at  risk, including thousands of U.S. personnel and citizens currently  within range of the Iranian-made missile systems under Houthi control.  This, of course, includes the airport in Saudi Arabia, which many  Members of this body have used from time to time when they go to codels  in Saudi Arabia.   Many of us have been, for a long time, proponents of resolving the  war in Yemen, and it could be resolved if the Iran regime will simply  turn their back and walk away. Unfortunately, that is not likely. When  I say many of us have been longtime proponents, I would certainly  include the Presiding Officer in that and commend him for his long and  hard work in that regard. He has been dedicated to this for a long time  and has been a leader on this, for which he is to be commended.   Like many of us here today, I am dissatisfied with the state of the  U.S.-Saudi relationship. Indeed, while Saudi Arabia has long been a  bulwark of our Middle East policy, there is a growing gap in U.S.-Saudi  relations.   Frankly, aspects of Saudi Arabia's behavior are cause for serious  concern. We are taking a comprehensive look at our relationship with  Saudi Arabia on the Foreign Relations Committee, and it is common  knowledge that there are a number of pieces of legislation floating  around here--some of which have been introduced and that are  circulating--that address this issue. We are attempting to craft  legislation that can garner support in the committee, address concerns  on both sides of the aisle, and actually become law.   I look forward to examining our interests in a measured and  responsible way that will put the relationship on the right trajectory.  This is not an easy needle to thread. All of us have concerns, all of  us have specific issues in that regard, and what is important is that  we don't just poke at this but that we actually develop legislation  that is bipartisan and that can be signed by the President and will  become law.   The debate today, however, is predicated on the notion that this  resolution will punish the Saudis and stop the devastating humanitarian  crisis in Yemen. It will do neither of those. In fact, the DOD has  assessed that this legislation would have no impact on the limited  support we are currently providing today.   That said, there can be no arguing that after years of conflict,  Yemen is now in the grip of the world's worst humanitarian crisis, and  that is in spite of the fact that many Members of this body--including  the Presiding Officer--have gone way past limits to attempt to try to  do things that would help that humanitarian crisis.   Just the simple delivery of humanitarian matters such as food in the  country have been frustrated by things that logistically should be very  easy but haven't been. I know the Presiding Officer has been very  active in that regard and has been successful in that regard, for which  he should be commended. An estimated 24 million--80 percent--of the  Yemeni population are in need of assistance, and 15.9 million people-- more than half of the country's population--remains severely food  insecure.   A solution to this conflict must be found. Make no mistake, many,  indeed, most of us, are committed to doing everything in our power to  restore peace in a country that has been ravished by years of proxy war  and fractious infighting.   I believe it is axiomatic that lasting peace can only be achieved  through a political settlement brokered by the U.N. The U.N.-led peace  talks are our best bet for achieving peace in Yemen, and they appear to  be at a critical juncture right now as we sit here today.   As this body considers ways to drive effective U.S. policy that helps  end the war and relieves humanitarian suffering in Yemen, I would urge  all parties to abide by the agreement reached last December in  Stockholm and find a political solution to the conflict. We should  remain committed to doing everything in our power to advance this  cause.    Thank you.   I ask for the yeas and nays.   