 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk  made available by the rule.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment  to protect construction and shipyard workers from exposure to  beryllium, an ultra-toxic metal. When beryllium dust is inhaled, it can  trigger chronic beryllium disease, an irreversible lung disease that  suffocates victims and often leads to a painful death. Beryllium is  also a known human carcinogen.   For decades the Federal Government has relied on an arbitrary  standard created in 1948 to limit workers' exposure to beryllium.   In January 2017, after almost 20 years of consideration, OSHA issued  a standard that cut permissible worker exposure levels by 90 percent  for general industry, construction, and maritime workers, and improved  early detection of beryllium-related health effects through medical  monitoring. But this victory was short-lived. Less than a year later  OSHA moved to weaken protections against exposure to beryllium for  11,500 maritime and construction workers.   This is the first time in its nearly 50-year history that OSHA has  proposed to roll back an existing worker health protection for a  substance known to cause cancer. While keeping lower exposure limits,  the new OSHA proposal would eliminate vital ancillary provisions that  protect workers from beryllium.   If this proposal is finalized, workers would have no way of knowing  if they are being exposed to harmful levels of airborne beryllium.  Worse still, workers would have no way of knowing if they or their  employers need to take measures to address a beryllium-related disease  or adverse health effect.   OSHA's unprecedented move ignores scientific evidence showing that,  even with the 90 percent reduction in the exposure limits, there  remains a significant risk to worker health from beryllium, and when a  significant health risk remains, the courts have affirmed that OSHA  should maintain ancillary requirements.   Furthermore, OSHA has presented no evidence that construction and  maritime workers are at any less risk of beryllium-related diseases  than general industry workers. Nonetheless, the agency's proposal would  discriminate against construction and maritime workers by leaving them  with inferior protections compared to general industry workers.   Finally, OSHA's unprecedented action was not based on science or  evidence that the ancillary requirements were not feasible.  Construction companies and shipyards across the country already  implement other OSHA standards with ancillary provisions for toxic  metals such as chromium, cadmium, and arsenic.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment to protect  construction and maritime workers, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, OSHA did not originally propose to cover shipyards or  construction, but asked about coverage in its proposal, it was  extensively discussed during the comment period, and those comments are  noted in the Federal Register, Volume 80, Number 152, page 47569.   I would hope that we would protect the shipyard and construction  workers  [[Page H4541]]  from beryllium, also the people who are nearby, bystanders and  everybody else who are protected by this new standard. In order to  protect those workers we need to pass this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   