 Mr. President, as the longest serving Member of the Senate  and also the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I feel  compelled--and I normally don't come down and speak about these  things--but I want to warn about the destruction of long-held norms and  traditions that have protected the Senate's unique constitutional role  with respect to lifetime judicial appointments.   This is an extraordinary responsibility on the part of the U.S.  Senate. The Constitution quite properly allows any President to  nominate whomever they want for a lifetime position on our Federal  courts, but as our Founders said, the Senate has to give advice and  consent because of the effect of this person's lifetime position. They  go way beyond the term of the Senators who vote for them and the term  of the President who nominates the person.   In fact, until recently, and certainly during the years I have served  here, Members of this body knew well they had a say when it came to who  serves in the Federal courts in their States. It didn't matter whether  you had a Republican or Democratic President or a Republican or  Democratic majority in the Senate; blue slips protected the prerogative  of home State Senators and gave meaning to the constitutional  requirement of advice and consent. It ensures fairness but, more  importantly, I think it also ensured comity in the Senate. That now is  fast becoming history, and I fear it is going to do lasting damage to  the Senate.   What is happening is a disingenuous double standard. When I was  chairman of the Judiciary Committee at the beginning of the Obama  administration, every single Senate Republican, including many serving  today, signed a letter. They made the case for the importance of the  blue-slip tradition. They said it was absolutely imperative that it be  respected during the new administration, the Obama administration. The  Republicans said: We must do this. Well, I didn't need any reminder  because under my chairmanship during both the Bush Republican  administration and the Obama Democratic administration, I respected the  blue-slip tradition without exception, even when it was not politically  expedient to do so. I respected Republicans and Democrats alike.  Regardless of who was in the Oval Office, under my chairmanship, not a  single judicial nominee received a hearing without first receiving both  home State Senators' positive blue slips.   I defended the blue slips, and that was unpopular in my own party on  occasion, but I believed in both their constitutional and institutional  importance. I also believed in the prerogatives of home State Senators  and the need to ensure that the White House works in good faith with  those Senators. I believed then, and I still believe now, that certain  principles matter more than party. Something that, unfortunately, some,  probably because they are new here, don't understand.   All of us, whether Democratic or Republican, should care about good- faith consultation when it comes to nominees from our home States. The  reasons are principled and pragmatic. We know our State better than  anybody else. We know who is qualified to fill lifetime judicial seats.  They are going to have a tremendous impact on our communities. We know  the men and women who are qualified. Without blue slips, nothing  prevents our State selection committees from being completely ignored  by the White House. Nothing would even prevent a New York or California  lawyer from being nominated to a Texas court or vice versa.   Yet the Senate is abandoning this protection. Senators of the  Republican Party who promised they would uphold it, gave their word  they would uphold it, asked me to uphold it, have suddenly broken their  word. That bothers me.   Last week, for example, for the first time in the history of this  body, a nominee was confirmed to a seat on the circuit court over the  objections of both home State Senators. That is the first time in our  history that has happened. That meant my friends on the other side of  the aisle had to break their word from what they agreed to before.   This week, we are voting on two additional nominees, Chad Readler and  Eric Murphy, who are opposed by another home State Senator, Mr. Brown.  Senator Brown made extensive efforts to reach a compromise with the  White  [[Page S1694]]  House on these two Sixth Circuit vacancies, but the White House was not  interested.   The White House knew the Republicans would not keep to the position  they expected Democrats to keep when we were in the majority, and  because they knew they could rely on Members of their own party not to  follow tradition for the first time, they didn't even try. The White  House didn't even try to consult. Even superficial consultation is an  afterthought.   Senator Brown then attended the confirmation hearings. He spoke  against these nominations. He cited, among other things, Mr. Readler's  unprecedented actions attacking healthcare protections while serving in  the Trump Justice Department.   Mr. Readler was willing to reverse Justice Department policy and sign  a brief undermining protections for preexisting conditions when career  Justice Department officials--career officials who have been there in  both Republican and Democratic administrations--refused. They refused  to reverse their well-established Justice Department policy. He,  however, was perfectly willing to throw it away in court. Is this  somebody we expect to be fair on the court?   Senator Brown cited Mr. Murphy's longstanding support and advocacy  for restrictive voting laws in Ohio. He knows that his constituents  will have to live with the ramifications if these nominees are  confirmed. It will directly affect the State. He expressed his concerns  about their records, and his voice, in this process as a U.S. Senator,  was ignored.   These votes come on the heels of the Senate's confirming a 37-year- old nominee for the Fourth Circuit who has practiced law for less than  10 years--a grand total of 9 years. She now holds a lifetime judgeship  on an appellate court, just one step below the Supreme Court. Her  confirmation hearing made a mockery of the Senate's duty of advice and  consent.   It marked the first time in the Judiciary Committee's history--the  first time ever that a nomination hearing was held during the October  recess over the objections of the other party. We found out why.   Only two Republican Senators attended the hearing, and the  questioning lasted only 20 minutes for someone who demonstrated no  abilities to serve on the Fourth Circuit. They knew it didn't make any  difference whether she had the abilities or knew what she was doing.  All they knew is that this White House had nominated her, so let's  rubberstamp this.   Frankly, the Senate should never function as a mere rubberstamp for  nominees seeking lifetime appointments to our Federal judiciary. We  shouldn't do it whether there is a Republican or a Democrat in the  White House. That is exactly what we are doing with a Republican  President and a Republican majority. No matter whether the person is  qualified, if the name comes up, rubberstamp it.   When I chaired the Judiciary Committee, many Senators--Republican  Senators--expressed both publicly and privately their appreciation for  the fact that my respect for blue slips protected their rights and gave  meaning to advice and consent. Many told me this is the way it must  always be, whether Republicans or Democrats are in the majority.   Well, their about-face, now that they control the Senate, is  unbecoming, and it basically says that the Senate will just bow down to  the executive branch. We will give up our responsibility, we will give  up our authority, and we will just be rubberstamps. We might as well  not even bother to show up; just do whatever we are told. It is deeply  disappointing.   I know the pressure because many of my Republican friends have told  me to rubberstamp President Trump's nominees. I know my warnings will  fall on many deaf ears, even for those who promised me they would not  do this.   I have served in the Senate long enough to know that political winds  tend to change direction. Inevitably, the majority becomes the  minority, and the White House changes hands. I suspect that many of my  Republican colleagues who care about this institution, as do I--and  there are many--are going to live to regret many of these actions.   The further down this path the Senate goes, the harder it is going to  be to unring this bell. A vote for Mr. Readler or Mr. Murphy is a vote  to say that we abandon our abilities as home State Senators to serve as  a check not just on this President but any future President, Republican  or Democrat. Basically, we are saying that we don't believe in advice  and consent. Basically, we are saying that we don't believe in the  Senate being the conscience of the Nation. Basically, we are saying  that we don't believe the Founders of this country knew what they were  doing when they said the U.S. Senate--this body of 100 people--has to  represent 325 million Americans and that we don't believe they should  have any responsibility, have any say in lifetime appointments.   If we abandon longstanding traditions and chase partisan expediency,  I remind everybody that provides only fleeting advantage. It inflicts  lasting harm on this body. It is within our power to stop it right here  and right now.   I urge all Senators to ensure that home State Senators are provided  the same courtesies during the Trump administration that they received  from both Republican and Democratic judiciary chairmen during the Obama  administration. I believe we can do that. I ask my fellow Senators to  oppose Mr. Readler's and Mr. Murphy's nominations because they were  done so out of the way that they should be done. Let the U.S. Senate,  all of us, Republicans and Democrats, say that we are not a rubberstamp  to any President. We don't take our orders from any President. We don't  bow and scrape for any President. Let's act like Senators, not like a  rubberstamp.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   