 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, as Members may recall, during the climate negotiations  leading up to the Paris conference, participants called for a Green  Climate Fund that would collect $100 billion a year by 2020. Although  Congress has yet to appropriate a single dollar specifically allocated  for the Green Climate Fund, the U.S. contributed over $800 million  under the Obama administration through the Economic Support Fund.   However, a July 2018 report by Transparency International concluded  that funding allocated from the Green Climate Fund was extremely  vulnerable to fraud, embezzlement, and rigged bidding since corruption  risk of processes in infrastructure-related procurement is extremely  high.   Mr. Chair, I urge Members to support the amendment, and I thank the  gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chairman, we have no objection to this  amendment.   The amendment deals with issues under the jurisdiction of the United  States International Boundary and Water Commission, which is one of  several such commissions funded under this act.   The IBWC's mission is to provide binational solutions to issues that  arise during the application of United States-Mexico treaties regarding  the boundary demarcation, national ownership of waters, sanitation,  water quality, and flood control in the entire region, in the border  region.   This amendment addresses a long-running problem involving a pipeline,  the International Outfall Interceptor, it is called, that transports  sewage from both sides of the border to the Nogales International  Wastewater Treatment Plant. That plant is co-owned by the IBWC and the  city of Nogales.   Mr. Chairman, we can all understand the desire to enjoy clean, safe  water, and we have no objection to this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may  consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), the chairwoman  of the full committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the funding directed in this  amendment is a significant increase above current levels. It could  result in funds being cut from important partners in Europe facing  Russian aggression. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to oppose  this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding  the time.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment.   This amendment would double the amount withheld from assistance to  Pakistan until Dr. Shakil Afridi has been released from prison and  cleared of all charges relating to assistance provided to the U.S. in  locating Osama bin Laden.  [[Page H4650]]    I note that U.S. aid to Pakistan has been substantially decreased in  recent years, including the suspension of all security assistance  funding for the Pakistani military because of insufficient cooperation  on counterterrorism. Similarly, the 2020 request for economic  assistance to Pakistan has been reduced from $200 million to $48  million. Remaining U.S. programs in Pakistan help combat violent  extremism, support the rule of law, and counter narcotics, including  along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.   Nonetheless, this amendment sends a strong signal that the United  States views the charges against Dr. Afridi as baseless and that we  will continue to press for his release.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of the gentleman's amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.   This en bloc amendment contains several measures that could have  enjoyed broad support. Unfortunately, it also includes several  amendments that some on our side are unable to accept.   This includes an amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee  (Mr. Cohen) relating to the Trump organization. We regard that  amendment as a partisan stunt that would jeopardize the safety and  security of State Department personnel and foreign dignitaries.   The proposed funding prohibition would have serious consequences for  the Department of State Diplomatic Security Service. The mission of  Diplomatic Security is to protect the people, places, and vital  information that allow the United States to be a leader in world  events.   That includes protecting the personal security of the Secretary of  State when he is tasked by the President with attending summits at one  of the properties listed in the amendment.   The President, not the Secretary of State, selects travel locations.  The Diplomatic Security is also charged with protecting foreign  dignitaries and heads of State when they are in the U.S. on official  business. They must do this no matter where they might stay. The  restrictions in the amendment would make these officials, American and  foreign, less safe.   Another amendment, offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr.  Cicilline), would prohibit funding for a new Commission on Unalienable  Rights.   The State Department recently announced its intent to stand up this  commission, which will regularly provide the Secretary with advice on  human rights matters. The State Department recently announced that this  would take place.   At a time in which these crises are widespread, I can think of no  reason why we shouldn't bring new voices into the discussion. This is  especially so considering the commission's focus on unalienable rights,  the founding principle on which our country was built.   Finally, I also have concerns about the inclusion of the amendment  offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. Cox). The programs  referenced in the amendment are either concluding or are not supported  with U.S. assistance.   For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  gentleman's amendment as well.   Across-the-board cuts are the coward's way out of making hard  decisions. The committee has expertise on the spending policies of the  country, and we apply that wisdom, experience, and research on which  agencies to fund and which ones we should not.   The wise selection of spending priorities is what the appropriations  process is all about. An across-the-board cut cuts good programs as  well as perhaps some that should be cut.   Nevertheless, the judgment of the Congress should be exercised on the  expenditures that we make across the government, not a slash-and-burn 2  percent cut or what have you.   This amendment would cut everything across the board, and that  includes the $3.3 billion in foreign military financing for Israel. Now  is not the time to cut $69 million in essential security assistance for  our ally, Israel.   I urge Members to oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. I rise in support of his amendment.   The Paris Agreement is an unworkable, unrealistic policy solution to  climate change. If implemented, as the gentleman has said, the Paris  accord could cost as many as 2.7 million American jobs by 2025 and  imposes no meaningful obligations on the world's leading polluters like  China and India.   I can't condone dedicating precious Federal funds to a half-baked  solution. This amendment would strike funding provided for implementing  that agreement, as well as language that attempts to prevent President  Trump from withdrawing.   I urge Members to support the gentleman's amendment, and I thank him  for yielding.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition,  although I am not opposed.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would ensure  that veteran- and service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses are  able to effectively compete for State Department contracts and grants.   We have a moral obligation to help our veterans, and especially our  wounded veterans, to live a fulfilling life after they have hung up  that uniform.   This is a worthy addition to the bill. I urge its support and thank  the gentleman for bringing this amendment up.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Lowey).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   