 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am pleased to come today and join my  colleagues to highlight the VA MISSION Act--legislation we passed to  provide our veterans with access to health and long-term care closer to  home. This month, I had the opportunity to join a Senate delegation in  Normandy for the 75th Anniversary of D-day. We had the honor of meeting  with some of our veterans who landed on the beaches of Normandy, and we  were reminded, once again, of the tremendous sacrifices our Nation's  veterans have made to preserve our way of life and keep our Nation  free.   Given their service and sacrifice, the least that our Nation can do  is uphold its commitment to provide our veterans with the healthcare  they have truly earned. Over the last year, we have been working with  the VA to ensure that the MISSION Act is properly implemented so it  truly benefits our veterans. This bipartisan legislation not only  strengthens the VA's ability to provide care for our veterans, but when  the VA is unable to do so, it gives our veterans more options to seek  care in their home communities. This has been a top priority for  veterans in my home State of North Dakota and across the country.   The VA MISSION Act removed the arbitrary 30-day, 40-mile eligibility  requirement that prevented veterans living within 40 miles of a VA  facility from being eligible for care in their home community. Now,  when a VA Medical Center or community-based outpatient clinic isn't  able to provide the services a veteran needs, our veterans are able to  access healthcare services in their local community.   Additionally, the VA MISSION Act contains provisions from the  veterans access to long-term care and health services legislation I had  introduced, which allows non-VA, long-term care providers--so now long- term care providers, nursing homes and others--to enter into veterans  care agreements with the VA. These agreements will help cut through the  bureaucratic redtape at the VA and help veterans access nursing home  and other long-term care in their communities, including home-based  care services--again, providing not only healthcare but long-term care  to our veterans closer to home, in their home communities and closer to  their loved ones.   We are continuing to work with the VA and long-term care providers to  ensure that providers that want to treat veterans are able to do so  without unnecessary burdens, meaning without additional inspections,  without additional redtape that in some cases, causes our long-term  care providers--whether it is nursing homes or in-care providers--to  not accept VA reimbursement. This makes sure that they can take VA  reimbursement and that the rules and requirements are the same as if  they are taking Medicaid or Medicare reimbursement. This is very  important for our veterans, but it makes sure that we streamline the  process so those nursing homes or those home-based and community-based  services in a community provide those services to our veterans and take  VA reimbursement to do it.   Our veterans have sacrificed so much for our Nation, which is why we  continue working to implement the VA MISSION Act properly and ensure it  meets our goal--meets our goal of providing veterans access to  healthcare and long-term care closer to home.   With that, I yield the floor.   