 Mr. President, I rise in the U.S. Senate to fight for  America's military.   This past week, our Special Forces eliminated the leader of ISIS and  his likely successor. Their accomplishments should remind all of us  that our brave troops always carry out their duties no matter what the  circumstances. They shouldn't expect anything different from the U.S.  Congress. Yet they do. They have come to expect that their elected  leaders will fail to execute the most fundamental of their duties-- funding the government. They don't deserve failure, and they certainly  shouldn't expect it. They deserve our gratitude, and they deserve our  unwavering commitment.   The best way to demonstrate that gratitude and commitment, I believe,  is by passing an appropriations bill that gives our military what it  needs. Our men and women in uniform should never find themselves on the  battlefield, wondering if they will be able to support their families  back home. They should never wonder if their training needs, support  requirements, or mission objectives will be held hostage by partisan  bickering in the Congress. They should never wonder why America's  adversaries are doubling down on their military investments while  America is sitting idle.   I believe the United States must maintain its edge over our  adversaries. China is escalating its defense spending, which we all  know. Yet America's military is operating under a continuing  resolution. That means that our military is having to face tomorrow's  threats with yesterday's funding levels. That means that our military's  planning and operations are weighed down with uncertainty.   That should be unacceptable to all of us, on both sides of the aisle,  in the U.S. Senate. We have an opportunity to change that today by  voting to proceed to the fiscal year 2020 Defense appropriations bill.  What are we talking about here? We are talking about $695 billion in  total defense funding. That is national security for the United States  of America. That is an increase of about $20 billion over last year's  level. This increased funding, among other things, would provide a 3.1- percent pay increase for our men and women in uniform--the largest in  10 years. Believe me, they need it. It would continue the development  of the world's most advanced weapons systems, and we will need them. It  would increase our investments in hypersonics, 5G technology,  artificial intelligence, missile defense, and cyber security, and we  need that. I believe all of this is absolutely essential to maintaining  America's strategic advantage over our main adversaries and  competitors--China and Russia. We had better not lose sight of that  here in the Senate.   Unfortunately, at the moment, my Democratic colleagues seem more  focused on scoring political points than ensuring that our military has  the certainty and the funding it needs to counter our adversaries. They  have said they will not allow us to fund our military here in the  Senate until the funding levels for all 12 appropriations bills are  agreed to with the House. If that defies most Americans' senses of how  our government works and what is most important, it should.   My Democratic colleagues want to press the pause button here in the  Senate. I don't agree with that. I believe  [[Page S6326]]  that we must complete our work, and I believe that most of the  Democrats want to get this done.   Foremost, we should certainly complete our work on the Defense bill.  Funding America's military should be our priority. It should come first  here in the Senate. Our men and women in uniform don't get to hit the  pause button, as we do. They don't get to shirk their duties, and  neither does Congress. We cannot afford additional delay. Our service  men and women--those troops whom we have entrusted to keep us safe and  protect our democracy, our country, and our allies--cannot afford  additional delay. We must not kick the can down the road when it comes  to America's security and America's military.   Let's come together. We have done this. Senator Leahy and I worked  together last year, and for the first time in years, we met the  deadline. We can do this again. We need the green light here. We need  to provide the resources that are necessary to maintain the greatest  fighting force the world has ever known. We should never be second to  anybody else. Let's show our troops that we can actually get our work  done here, that we actually care about them.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   