 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and  rise in support of the fiscal 2020 NDAA conference report.   This legislation supports our national security and it also  accomplishes long-sought Democratic priorities, like extending paid  paternal leave to over 2 million Federal employees. I hope that this  achievement will pave the way to making paid paternal leave the norm  across the workforce.   I am very pleased that as a part of this legislation, we are also  passing the fiscal year 2018, 2019, and 2020 Intelligence Authorization  Acts, aptly named in honor of HPSCI's Damon Nelson and SSCI's Matt  Pollard, two dedicated staffers who tragically passed away last year.   The Intelligence Authorization Act is the primary legislative product  of the Committee on Intelligence and securing its passage into law  after it passed the House with nearly 400 votes, strengthens our  oversight of the intelligence community and military intelligence  immeasurably.   I am also proud that the IAA includes many vital important  provisions; among them, protecting our elections from foreign  interference, understanding and mitigating the effects of climate  change, and a competition to improve Deepfake detection.   While I support the bill, it is a bitter pill that bipartisan House  amendments to finally fix the injustice that has kept 74 sailors who  died aboard the USS Frank E. Evans in 1969 off the Vietnam Memorial was  removed from the conference report. I will not relent on that issue  until we get it done.   I am also disappointed that the repeal of the 2002 AUMF was removed.  There is no reasonable basis to keep this outdated authorization in  effect.   Nevertheless, I congratulate the chair and ranking member on their  good work. And I personally thank all of the members of the  Intelligence Committee's staff for the extraordinary work that the  staff did for many years on this legislation.   I thank my fellow members of the intelligence community as well. We  have worked now for 3 years to reach this point. I am very grateful  that these important provisions will now pass into law.   