 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Raskin for yielding me  time.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the rule which adopts bipartisan  language which I introduced with my good friends, Congressman   Tom  Reed and Congressman Ted Deutch, reaffirming the United States'  ironclad commitment to providing security assistance to our historic  ally, Israel, which, as ever, is key to America's national security in  the region, especially in our fight against terror.   This vote officially puts to rest the splinter view of adding new  conditions on aid to Israel and reinforces our historic commitment to  restoring a two-state solution.   I want to thank my good friend, House Foreign Affairs Committee  Chairman Eliot Engel, for his leadership on this issue and for  including our language in his manager's amendment.   Madam Speaker, as we have seen in recent weeks, Israel, the democracy  in the region, faces threats like no other country of missile and  rocket attacks from terrorist organizations, including Hamas,  Hezbollah, and Palestinian Islamic Jihad, as well as the ongoing threat  of Iranian-backed forces in Syria.   Vital security assistance to Israel, including missile defense  funding for Iron Dome, David's Sling, and Arrow 3, helps our ally to  defend itself and preserve its qualitative military edge in the region.  That is why in 2016 under the Obama administration, the U.S. and Israel  signed a 10-year Memorandum of Understanding which constituted the  single largest pledge of security assistance to Israel in America  history. The MOU also increased the amount of defense dollars that go  to U.S. businesses here at home, with as much as $1.2 billion a year  invested in the United States.   We know that this aid helps save countless lives, and we know that  the United States is better off when Israel is fully equipped to defend  itself. That is why I led a bipartisan amendment with my colleagues,  Congressman Reed and Congressman Deutch, which reaffirms our commitment  to providing this assistance without additional conditions or  exceptions.    Our amendment was cosponsored by a total of 36 Members of Congress,  Republicans and Democrats, who know that this assistance should not be  subject to politics. I deeply appreciate all of our colleagues' support  for our amendment, for this vital, lifesaving assistance, and for the  bipartisan U.S.-Israel relationship.   This language is absolutely necessary because of the extreme and  misguided views of some, especially several currently running for our  Nation's highest office, who seemingly believe that assistance to  Israel should be held hostage until Israel makes concessions according  to their beliefs, including how Israel treats Gaza, which is controlled  by the foreign terrorist organization Hamas.   We must stand together in rejecting that harmful view--as one Senator  called it, the view of having leverage against Israel, our ally.    Madam Speaker, when our ally, Israel, faces more than  450 rockets fired by Palestinian and Jihad terrorists in Gaza, it must  have the ability to defend itself, no matter what.   That is why with this vote we commit ourselves to strengthening the  U.S.-Israel relationship by ensuring that we fulfill our guarantee to  provide vital security assistance to the key democracy in the region.   