 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this morning, the Senate Finance Committee  marked up a legislative package that was designed to address the high  prescription drug costs, which have become a burden to Americans of all  ages. This is part of a bipartisan effort to make targeted reforms to  our healthcare system in order to lower costs for patients and  taxpayers without interfering with the free market or the beneficial  innovation that comes from it.   Last month, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee and  the Judiciary Committee passed legislative packages that were designed  to support this goal. This morning, the Finance Committee passed a  package called the Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act. This  legislation looks specifically at reducing prescription drug prices,  particularly out-of-pocket costs, for seniors and children through  Medicare and Medicaid reforms.   I have heard a lot from my constituents in Texas about the impact of  these high costs.   Bob from San Angelo told me that both he and his wife have Medicare  Part D and are struggling to stretch their retirement incomes far  enough to cover the expenses for their prescription drugs. He told me,  each month, they pay nearly $800 for Medicare and Medicare supplements.  On top of that, they are strapped with high prescription drug costs. In  the first 4\1/2\ months of this year, Bob said they spent more than  $1,600 on his wife's medication alone. For seniors who live on fixed  incomes, these high costs can simply be untenable.   Then there is Michael, another one of my constituents, who told me  about his continued struggle to cover the cost of his medication. He  said: ``It feels like we are being taken advantage of because they know  we have to take these drugs.''   These individuals have been paying into this system for decades, and  it is high time we look at ways to reduce the financial strain and  provide some relief.   Now, coming up with policies that will lower out-of-pocket costs is  not easy. The whole drug pricing regime is enormously complex--frankly,  it is opaque--particularly the relationships between pharmacy benefit  managers and drug manufacturers, but we need to work hard at this  effort to lower costs in Medicare and Medicaid and to decrease the high  cost of prescription drugs even in the commercial markets.   I appreciate the commitment of Chairman Grassley and Ranking Member  Wyden to identify potential reforms, and I believe the package that was  voted out of the Finance Committee this morning is a step in the  [[Page S5095]]  right direction. This is not a statement of endorsement of the  legislation as it has come out of the committee. A lot of work needs to  be done, particularly a lot of work in order to reconcile the different  approaches of the different committees--the Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee and the Judiciary Committee--because the last  thing we want to do is to go through this arduous, complex legislative  exercise only to find out that we have failed to lower out-of-pocket  costs for American consumers or that we have introduced some other  unintended consequence that makes things worse and not better.   The journey a drug takes from research and development to  manufacturing, to pharmacy shelves, and eventually into our medicine  cabinets is enormously complicated.   As I said, once a consumer has purchased a drug, figuring out who  gets what part of each dollar requires--well, I was going to say it  requires a Ph.D. It requires even more than that because you may need  to hire an ex-FBI agent to try to track down what percentage of each  dollar each of the players in the prescription drug field actually  gets. As a consumer, this is particularly alarming because we don't  really have any idea of whether we are paying a fair price or who is  profiting and at what point or whether people are doing things that  benefit their bottom lines. They don't actually add value to the  system. Ultimately, they end up costing consumers more out of pocket.    When it comes to Medicare and Medicaid, it is doubly concerning  because, in most cases, these prescriptions are being at least  partially subsidized by taxpayer dollars. So we need to shine a bright  light on the reasons behind these high costs and price increases to  make sure patients aren't being gouged and to make sure the  government--in other words, the taxpayer--isn't being overcharged. That  is one of the primary goals of this legislation. It would require  manufacturers to report information about price increases to the  Department of Health and Human Services as part of that transparency  effort.   As I suggested a moment ago, it also looks at the role of pharmacy  benefit managers who are the intermediaries who link manufacturers to  consumers. They negotiate with the manufacturers to secure rebates,  which create a net price, but it doesn't appear that, by and large,  this actually flows to the consumer or to the patient. Frequently, it  is used, we are told, to keep premiums lower by the health plans. Yet  we don't know that for sure because trying to get access to the  information is really challenging, and the size of the rebate could  mean the difference between a drug's being covered by insurance or not.  Oh, by the way, rebates don't help you at all for your copay or for  your deductible.   These days, we know, for example, for many Americans, the Affordable  Care Act has resulted in sky-high deductibles and high premiums. That  means consumers have to pick up more of the cost at the list price, not  at the net price, which is negotiated by the pharmacy benefit managers  who work together with the healthcare plans.   I find it very strange, with as big a role as the pharmacy benefit  managers play, that we know very little about how they operate or  whether they all operate exactly the same or differently. This  legislation would require pharmacy benefit managers to disclose details  of the discounts of rebates they receive and finally pull back that  cloak of secrecy.   I do have concerns about one portion of the bill that was voted out  of the Finance Committee this morning, which would require  manufacturers to pay a rebate on drug price increases that are higher  than the rate of inflation. The Congressional Budget Office has  estimated the inflation rebate will save $50 billion for Medicare. It  claims it will lower out-of-pocket costs for beneficiaries by $7  billion and lower premiums by $4 billion.   I asked the head of the CBO this morning: Well, if everybody saves  money, who ends up paying more money? It basically comes out of the  manufacturer's hide.   This really speaks to my other major concern, and that is that the  Federal Government not get into a position in which it is setting  prices. We know that when you institute price controls on a commodity-- particularly if you are the Federal Government--and when you try to  negotiate with somebody, it is not a level playing field. When you  negotiate with somebody as the Federal Government, you are literally  doing it with a gun to one's head or figuratively doing it with a gun  to one's head. It is not a normal give-and-take negotiation.  Ultimately, what happens with price controls is it creates scarcity  because, at some point, the manufacturer or the producer of that  commodity will say: I am not going to produce that at that controlled  price by the government. So this is a serious concern.   The CBO also estimates that this rebate would reduce costs for  prescription drug benefits offered by commercial insurance plans.  Although we don't have a final score by the CBO--this is just a  preliminary plan--I will share with you an observation made years ago  by Senator Bob Bennett, of Utah, when I first came to the Senate.   He said: The one thing I can tell you about CBO scores is that they  are always wrong. I can't tell you if they are too high or too low, but  this is part of the complexity of trying to predict the future and how  human behavior will affect their calculations and analyses. Sometimes  they get it right, and sometimes they get it wrong.   Despite the encouraging estimates, many members of the committee had  significant concerns that this policy could lead to higher launch  prices or higher out-of-pocket spending. So this morning in the markup,  I supported an amendment by our friend from Pennsylvania, Senator  Toomey, that would have removed this inflation rebate penalty.  Unfortunately, it failed on a tie vote. It is something I don't think I  have seen before, in which 14 Senators voted for it and 14 voted  against it, but it means the amendment failed.   Here is the problem. There is a delicate balance between preventing  price increases, which is something we would all like to do, and still  preserving the market-based approach that has made Part D such an  overwhelming success. It actually is a government program that works  better than we thought it would when it was passed.   I think we need more input before this bill comes to the floor, for  there is a lot of work yet to do. As the old adage goes, anything worth  doing is worth doing right, and we had better get this right. I think  there will be quite a price to pay if we undertake this huge exercise  and end up failing to reduce consumers' out-of-pocket costs or creating  more problems as a result of unintended consequences. Providing our  seniors peace of mind when it comes to their healthcare costs is  certainly worth doing right.    So I believe we need to continue refining this proposal to strike a  better balance and effectively deliver on our promises. It is important  that we not rush this process. There is no artificial deadline. There  shouldn't be. That is why the Senate was created, to force deliberation  in a body of 100 Senators with challenging rules to actually get things  to the President's desk for his signature. But what it should do is  force deliberation and force us to do our due diligence to make sure  that we are not creating more problems or failing to accomplish our  goal.   I told members of the committee this morning that I don't think this  bill, as written, is anywhere near ready to be considered on the floor.  I asked the chairman and the ranking member to commit to continue  working with Members before this does come to the floor, and I was glad  that both of them agreed to do so.   While I believe we are making some progress, we better be very  careful, and we shouldn't impose on ourselves any artificial deadlines  in order to get this thing done and perhaps get it done badly.   I yield the floor.   