 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2513.  As a member of the Committee on Financial Services, I have witnessed  firsthand Representative Maloney's commitment to advancing this  important piece of legislation, and I am so glad that we are discussing  it on the floor today.   Sunlight is the best disinfectant. The need for sunlight is  especially urgent today as it relates to the involvement of foreign bad  actors in our economy and our political process. We have, all of us  here, taken an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the  United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic, but regardless  of whether you take that oath, I would submit to you that all patriotic  Americans feel that obligation. I certainly  [[Page H8321]]  do, and this bill is a furtherance of that oath.   Before I got here, I was a CEO of an LLC. In fact, I was the CEO of a  lot of LLCs. I couldn't even tell you how many LLCs I was the CEO of.  And the reason is, because like a lot of modern companies, we set up a  corporate structure to have a nested set of LLCs that could isolate  liabilities to be matched to different rounds of investors in our  company.   Now, that is a great feature of LLCs, but as is so often the case, a  strength is also a weakness. It is a weakness because if it allows us  to hide investors who want to use our financial system in a nefarious  way--like to launder money--they can take advantage of that strength.    And that is why this bill is so necessary. Because companies like  mine already collect the data. Because FinCen data is already  classified as FISMA high, which is the highest level of cybersecurity  for government agencies. So the argument that data of all filers is not  protected is simply not true. But ultimately, because sunlight is the  best disinfectant, and because we are in a moment when too many  powerful people are seeking to hide their sources of capital, putting  the trust in our government and financial system at risk.   This is the right bill for business. It is the right bill for our  financial system. And it is the right bill for our country.   