 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 624, the Promoting Transparent  Standards for Corporate Insiders Act.   This bipartisan legislation is critical for protecting mom-and-pop  investors from the effects of insider trading while ensuring that the  rules are clear, fair, and not unduly burdensome.   I want to first thank Chairwoman Waters for her sponsorship of this  bill and for writing this legislation. I am glad to join her in a  meaningful effort to help the Securities and Exchange Commission better  understanding illicit trading, and I look forward to working with her  in many more bipartisan efforts and her leadership on the Financial  Services Committee.   Mr. Speaker, preventing and cracking down on fraud and abuse within  our financial system, such as illegal insider trading, is apolitical  and should be.   When a corporate insider breaks the rules on trading and profits from  trading on insider information, that illegal activity hurts everyday  investors who diligently put their hard-earned money away for  retirement.   To be clear, most corporate insiders faithfully follow the insider  trading guidelines under Rule 10b5-1. I know that is not an everyday  quoted thing, but those folks who are abiding by the law are complying  with this very complex but important rule from the Securities and  Exchange Commission. That allows for them to purchase and sell  securities without concern for insider trading liability.  [[Page H1222]]    These law-abiding corporate insiders should not be punished or barred  from trading just because of the bad actors who succumbed to greed and  those who chose to illegally trade on insider information.   When properly adhered to, 10b5-1 insider trading rules are fair tools  for allowing folks to help pay for down payments on a home or help pay  for their kids' college education or other normal financial  transactions.   Moreover, allowing folks to purchase and sell securities at  predetermined times on a scheduled basis under that rule ensures market  stability and decreases the risk of volatility by preventing fraudulent  behavior, such as pump-and-dump schemes that sometimes occur in the  financial markets.   By directing the Securities and Exchange Commission to study whether  Rule 10b5-1 should be amended and to consider how any amendments to the  rule would clarify and enhance existing prohibitions against insider  trading, this legislation achieves a bipartisan goal of protecting mom- and-pop investors while encouraging economic growth.   And, again, I want to thank Chairwoman Waters for her leadership. I  applaud her willingness to work in a bipartisan way and in this  important bipartisan manner that she is approaching the Financial  Services Committee's jurisdiction we both care so much about. That  bipartisan activity should help improve Federal oversight and protect  American investors as well as enhance economic growth.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 624, and I reserve  the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Gooden), a new Member of this body and a new member of the  Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, now, being in the minority and the majority, we are both  learning something in the organization of control and debate on the  House floor. Chairwoman Waters has been the ranking member of the  committee previously to coming to the chair. Now I have to ask her for  time, which is a different process.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to close on this important bill, the first  bill from the Financial Services Committee for this Congress. It is a  bill written by Chairwoman Waters and cosponsored by me as the ranking  member.   This is a piece of legislation that we had discussed and worked  through last Congress, and she was the lead sponsor and I was the  cosponsor of it last Congress, and I held to my word and she has held  to her word.   This is proof that we can have bipartisan achievement that is of  substance, that is real, that is meaningful, and we can do it  representing vastly different districts, having different world views,  having our disagreements that we have stated publicly and privately to  one another, but still being willing to work through those  disagreements to hammer out something that is good for the investor,  for the consumer, to make sure that we have important consumer  protections while also having vibrant markets of exchange so that we  can lift folks out of poverty, to actually make sure people are safe  for retirement.    There are wonderful opportunities for us to legislate in a bipartisan  way. This is proof of what potential we have in the Financial Services  jurisdiction.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairwoman Waters for her efforts here.  I urge my colleagues to support and vote for this important piece of  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank once again Chairwoman Waters for her leadership,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 502, the FIND Trafficking Act.   Consider this: In 2017 alone, more than 47,000 Americans died from  opioid overdoses. Additionally, it is estimated that the total number  of human trafficking victims in the U.S. reached into the hundreds of  thousands.   These shocking numbers point to a deep, systemic issue happening  right in our backyards, where bad actors use any means necessary--even  financial products--in order to lure people into horrible situations.  One of the ways they do this is by using virtual currencies to evade  the oversight of institutions, like government agencies.   While virtual currencies may possess a great opportunity for society,  we don't quite know the extent of their utility in human trafficking.   Mr. Speaker, these virtual currencies are one of the most versatile  payment options available today, yet they are among the least  understood. We need to do more work in order to understand their  utility and their opportunity.   It is precisely this lack of understanding that risks making virtual  currencies ripe for exploitation by these bad actors engaged in human  trafficking and the sale of illicit drugs. In its 2017 National Drug  Assessment, the  [[Page H1225]]  Drug Enforcement Administration concluded that transnational criminal  organizations are increasingly using virtual currencies for illicit  activities, including drug trafficking. This includes illicit  transactions with China, as well as the sale and purchase of narcotics,  including those involved in our country's opioid epidemic.   This bipartisan legislation before us is an instrumental first step  toward analyzing how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are  used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods and services  associated with human and drug trafficking.   By directing the Government Accountability Office to study how  virtual currencies are linked to the supply chain of drugs and human  trafficking, this bill will give lawmakers insight in how to sever that  link. We need to know how virtual currencies are being used; the scope  of their use; and, most importantly, how our Federal and State agencies  must respond, and can respond, to impede their use for illicit  activities.   Let me add, Mr. Speaker, that nothing in this legislation is meant to  demonize the use or the development of virtual currencies for  legitimate economic activity. As my colleagues know, there are few  Members more committed than I am to how new technologies can facilitate  commerce and growth. But in order for such technologies to flourish, we  need a rigorous discussion on the risks in enabling new routes for  illicit finance.   We need to understand that as policymakers. This bill is important  because it enables us to have the measurement tools necessary for us to  smartly legislate in this area. Mainstream acceptance of innovation  depends on mainstream forms of accountability, and this bill does just  that.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Vargas) for  his sponsorship of the bill. I thank my vice ranking member on the  Financial Services Committee, my second in command on the Financial  Services Committee, Mrs. Wagner of Missouri, for her sponsorship and  leadership on this important issue of human trafficking that she is so  very committed to and so smart on legislating around. I thank them both  for setting the right tone for our committee jurisdiction, smart  legislating, and reaching across the aisle. I know they will continue  to lead the fight against trafficking as Members of the House Financial  Services Committee this Congress, as they have in previous years as  well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Wagner), the vice ranking member of the House Financial  Services Committee, who will be the ranking member of the Subcommittee  on Diversity and Inclusion on the Financial Services Committee as well.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Riggleman), a new Member of Congress from Afton,  Virginia, and a new member of the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I think it is important that Congress  understand. The objective of this bill is to understand the contours of  human trafficking that occur here in the United States, and to  understand the contours of how drugs are financed. It is incumbent that  we have the proper data and the public have the proper data so we can  understand how to respond.   That is what this measure is about, the plight of those human- trafficking victims, and the plight of those who are suffering the  impairments and the devastating consequences that opioids have brought  in our society. We know those in our community.   What we have to understand is the deeper issues around the movement  of money, which is what the Financial Services Committee can do. It  doesn't fix the full problem, and we should focus on fixing the larger  issues around human trafficking and drug overdoses, and the horrible  effects of illicit drugs on our society.   But what we can do here is understand the contour so we can cut off  that siphon of money that is fueling this epidemic in our communities  all across America.   I want to thank Mr. Vargas and Mrs. Wagner, who just departed, for  their work on this important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 56, the Financial Technology  Protection Act.   Our number one priority is to ensure the safety of the American  people, especially from terrorists and terror organizations seeking to  take away the freedoms we hold dear. This bipartisan legislation is a  prime example of how we can reach across the aisle and find common  ground in the fight against terrorism as well as illicit finance.   H.R. 56 establishes an Independent Financial Technology Task Force,  which will improve coordination between the private and public sectors  in order to research and develop tools to combat terrorism and the  illicit use of financial technologies, including digital currencies.   Recent studies have found evidence that terrorists, especially lone- wolf actors, use digital currencies. A public-private task force as  established through this legislation can inform Congress on the  legislative and regulatory steps needed to stop these bad actors.   Furthermore, this bipartisan bill would incentivize individuals to  come forward with knowledge of possible terrorist and illicit financing  involving digital currencies by offering monetary rewards for  information that leads to successful convictions. A reward program is  just the kind of innovation in policymaking that we need to stay a step  ahead of terrorists.   Last Congress, the Treasury Department informed our committee that  using such unconventional tools could be critical in generating useful  intelligence, and I applaud Mr. Budd and Mr. Lynch for thinking  creatively in this process and listening to testimony and taking that  and putting that in legislative form.   The threat of illicit use of digital currencies is evolving, and  policymakers must work together to find best practices and solutions.  That is why this bipartisan bill is so important.   Furthermore, I would add that digital currencies have enormous  potential benefits. We want to understand those benefits, but we also  want to understand those costs involved, as policymakers. We want to be  smart about it. I think it is useful and helpful for us to begin with  understanding how we stamp out bad actors and their use of digital  currencies before we move into that next set of conversation about how  we properly enhance their utility in our society.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, my colleague from Massachusetts  (Mr. Lynch) for his work here and my colleague from North Carolina, the  great north State, Mr. Budd, first for their relationship on this  important policymaking, and also their willingness to work across the  aisle in order to get good legislation that is ensuring the safety of  the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 56 as a  commonsense, forward-looking approach to combating terrorism, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Budd), who is from the great metropolis of Advance  in Davie County and who is a leader in fintech.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, three for three--the House Financial Services Committee  comes out with the first three bills, and they are bipartisan. I would  hope the House would adopt them tonight.   I think this is a great first step in this long road of legislating  that I think we can be about in the Financial Services Committee. The  chairwoman has shown that will, that interest, that inclination to work  together where we can, where we can achieve consensus across the aisle.   I mean that as a compliment. In the politics of today, when you are  working across the aisle, it seems as though that is dealt as an insult  in some factions.   I know that Chairwoman Waters has worked intently to get to the  position of chairing this committee, for a little longer than I have to  be the ranking member of the committee; but, as she will show me on  opening day of the House Financial Services Committee, she has the  gavel and I do not, but where we can work together, I am honored to be  able to do so.   I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Budd, for working so intently on  financial innovation and on fintech as well as cryptocurrencies, which  are of great interest to him, and I appreciate Mr. Lynch being engaged  in this subject matter as well.  [[Page H1231]]    I look forward to more bipartisan legislating coming out of this  committee as well as a number of more interesting activities that I am  sure will be a part of this.   I am now informed that we do have one Member to close. Mr. Speaker, I  yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Riggleman), a new  Member who has a great deal of experience in national security.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   