 Mr. President, let me begin by thanking Senator Mike Lee  and Senator Chris Murphy for their hard work on this important  resolution--work which, in fact, has gone on now for several years.   Today is an extremely important day. Today we in the Senate have the  opportunity to take a major step forward in ending the horrific war in  Yemen and alleviating the terrible, terrible suffering being  experienced by the people in one of the poorest countries on Earth.   Today, equally important, we can finally begin the process of  reasserting Congress's responsibility over war-making. As every  schoolchild should know, article I of the Constitution clearly states  that it is Congress, not the President, that has the power to declare  war. In their great wisdom, the Framers of our Constitution, the  Founders of this country, gave that enormously important responsibility  to Congress because the Members of the House and the Senate are closer  and more accountable to the people of this country.   Tragically, however, over many years, Congress has abdicated that  responsibility to Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents.  Today we begin the process of reclaiming our constitutional authority  by ending U.S. involvement in a war that has not been authorized by  Congress and is clearly unconstitutional.   Last December, this body made history for the first time since the  War Powers Resolution was passed in 1973. A majority of Senators--56 of  us, in a bipartisan way--used those powers from the War Powers Act to  end U.S. involvement in a war.   Today we consider that exact same resolution once again in the new  Congress. This time, however, unlike last session, this resolution will  be brought to the House floor, and I strongly believe will be passed.   Let me say a brief word about the war in Yemen.   In March of 2015, under the leadership of Muhammad bin Salman, then  Saudi Defense Minister and now the Crown Prince, a Saudi-led coalition  intervened in Yemen's ongoing civil war. As a result of that  intervention, Yemen is now experiencing the worst humanitarian disaster  on the planet.   According to the United Nations, Yemen is at risk of the most severe  famine in 100 years, with some 14 million people facing the possibility  of starvation. In one of the poorest countries on Earth, as a result of  this war, according to the Save the Children organization, some 85,000  children in Yemen have already starved to death over the last several  years--an unimaginable number, unimaginable suffering and destruction.  If this war continues, what the experts tell us is that millions more  will also face famine and starvation.   Further, Yemen is currently experiencing the worst cholera outbreak  in the world, with as many as 10,000 new cases each week, according to  the World Health Organization. This is a disease spread by infected  water that causes severe diarrhea and dehydration and will only  accelerate the death rate. The cholera outbreak has occurred because  Saudi bombs have destroyed Yemen's water infrastructure and people are  no longer able to access clean drinking water.   The fact is that the United States, with little media attention, has  been Saudi Arabia's partner in this horrific war. We have been  providing the bombs that the Saudi-led coalition is using. We have been  refueling their planes before they drop those bombs, and we have been  assisting with intelligence.   In too many cases, our weapons are being used to kill civilians. In  August, it was an American-made bomb that obliterated a schoolbus full  of young boys, killing dozens and wounding many more. A CNN report  found evidence that American weapons have been used in a string of such  deadly attacks on civilians since the war began.   This past weekend--this past weekend--at least 20 women and a child  were killed in a Saudi-led airstrike on Yemen's northwestern Province  of Hajjah, as they huddled in a house to avoid nearby clashes. As is so  often the case in war, the innocent, the women and the children, pay  the price.   Late last year, I met with several brave Yemeni human rights  activists.  [[Page S1825]]  They had come to Congress to urge us to put a stop to this war. They  told me clearly: When Yemenis see ``Made in America'' on the bombs that  are killing them, it tells them that the United States is responsible  for this war. That is the sad truth.   The bottom line is that the United States should not be supporting a  catastrophic war led by a despotic regime with a dangerous and  irresponsible foreign policy.   Some have suggested that Congress moving to withdraw support for this  war would undermine the United Nations' efforts to reach a peace  agreement, but the opposite is true. It is the promise of unconditional  U.S. support for the Saudis that undermines those efforts.    We have evidence of this. Last December, as we were preparing to vote  on this same resolution, we received news that U.N. Special Envoy  Martin Griffiths reached a breakthrough agreement for a ceasefire in  the port city of Hodeidah. That ceasefire, which is being maintained  today, is enabling food and increased humanitarian aid into the  country.   I have spoken to people at the highest level of those negotiations,  who have made it clear that our actions here in the Senate played a  significant role in pushing Saudi Arabia toward an agreement. That  pressure must continue, and the resolution I hope we pass today will do  just that.   Our effort on this issue has clearly made a positive impact, and I  thank all of the cosponsors of this resolution for their efforts and  all of the civil society organizations--progressive and conservative  organizations--that have worked so hard to raise awareness of this  conflict and the constitutional implications.   Above and beyond the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, this war has been  harmful to our national security and the security of the region. The  administration defends our engagement in Yemen by overstating Iranian  support for the Houthi rebels. Let me be clear. Iran's support for the  Houthis is of serious concern for all of us, but the truth is that  support there is far less significant than the administration claims.  The fact is that the relationship between Iran and the Houthis has only  been strengthened by this war. The war is creating the very problem the  administration claims to want to solve.   This war is also undermining the broader effort against violent  extremists. A 2016 State Department report found that the conflict had  helped al-Qaida and the Islamic State's Yemen branch ``deepen their  inroads across much of the country.'' The head of the International  Rescue Committee, former British Foreign Minister David Miliband, said  in a recent interview that ``the winners are the extremist groups like  Al Qaeda and ISIS.'' Late last year, the Wall Street Journal reported  that ``nearly two years after being driven from its stronghold in  Yemen, one of al Qaeda's most dangerous franchises has entrenched  itself in the country's hinterlands as a devastating war creates the  conditions for its comeback.''   Here is something that should deeply concern us all. At a time when  we are spending billions to fight terrorism all over the world, a  February CNN report revealed that Saudi Arabia and its coalition  partners have transferred American-made weapons to al-Qaida-linked  fighters in Yemen. Does anyone here think it makes sense that U.S.  weapons should be given to groups who have declared war against the  United States?   This war is both a humanitarian and a strategic disaster.   Let us also not forget that this war is being led by a despotic,  undemocratic regime in Saudi Arabia. The United States of America--the  most powerful country on Earth--should not be led into a regional war  by our client states that are trying to serve their own narrow and  selfish interests.   It should not be Saudi Arabia that is developing and implementing  American foreign and military policy. Saudi Arabia is a monarchy  controlled by one of the wealthiest families in the world--the Saud  family. In a 2017 report by the Cato Institute, Saudi Arabia was ranked  149th out of 159 countries for freedom and human rights. Is this really  the kind of country whose foreign policy we should be supporting with  U.S. taxpayer dollars?   For decades, the Saudis have funded schools, mosques, and preachers  who promote an extreme form of Islam known as Wahhabism.   In Saudi Arabia today, women are treated as third-class citizens.  Women still need the permission of a male guardian to go to school or  to get a job. They have to follow a strict dress code and can be stoned  to death for adultery or flogged for spending time in the company of a  man who is not their relative.   Last year, Saudi activist Loujain al-Hathloul, a leader in the fight  for women's rights, was kidnapped from Abu Dhabi and forced to return  to the country. She is currently imprisoned, along with many other  human rights activists. Human Rights Watch reported that imprisoned  women activists have been subjected to torture, including electric  shocks, and other forms of physical and sexual assault.   The people of the entire world received a very clear understanding of  the nature of the Saudi regime with the murder of Jamal Khashoggi in  the Saudi consulate in Turkey. All of the evidence suggests that the  Saudi Crown Prince was directly responsible for that murder. Is that  really the kind of regime whose leads we in the United States should be  following?   I believe the U.S. Congress has become far too comfortable with  military interventions all over the world. We have now been in  Afghanistan for nearly 18 years--the longest war in American history.  We also have troops in many other countries around the world. The time  is long overdue for Congress to reassert its constitutional role in  determining when and where our country goes to war. This resolution  provides that opportunity.   I hope this body will do exactly as it did in December and, in a  bipartisan manner, pass this resolution. The humanitarian catastrophe  has only gotten worse in Yemen, and our intervention there is every bit  as unconstitutional as it was when we passed this resolution in  December.   Let us bring this catastrophic war in Yemen to an end. Let us focus  our efforts on a diplomatic resolution to end that war. Let us provide  the humanitarian aid needed to protect the hungry and the sick in  Yemen. In a historic vote 45 years after the passage of the War Powers  Act, let us today reassert Congress's constitutional responsibility in  terms of war-making.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    We yield back time.    Mr. President, I strongly oppose this amendment.   This amendment provides an exception to this resolution in support of  efforts to defend against threats to civilian population centers in  coalition countries, including locations where citizens and nationals  of the United States reside. But the President already has authority to  support the defense of U.S. partners and U.S. citizens residing in  those countries, so it simply duplicates the authorities the President  already has.   In the best interpretation, this amendment is unnecessary, but this  amendment could also very easily be used by the administration as a  loophole that will allow the Department of Defense to continue the  unauthorized activities that the sponsors of this resolution are  attempting to halt.   This resolution is intended to end U.S. support for the Saudi war  against the Houthis in Yemen, support that has not been authorized by  Congress as the Constitution requires. Under the language of this  amendment, the administration could continue to wage that war under  different pretenses.   The goal of this resolution is to get the United States out of a war.  Senator Inhofe's amendment creates a pretext to keep the United States  in that war.   I urge my colleagues to vote against it, and I move to table the  Inhofe amendment and ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mike Lawliss  from my office be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day  on S.J. Res. 7.   