 Madam President, it is a great honor to join my  senior colleague, Senator Reed, on the Senate floor to remember someone  we both knew very well, Jim Taricani, a  [[Page S4717]]  legendary investigative reporter, whom not only we knew well but so  many Rhode Islanders knew well.   There was a rule in Rhode Island: When Jim called, you answered. He  was also tough. He was always fair. He was the founder of WJAR's I- Team, a storied investigative unit for the NBC affiliate in Rhode  Island.   Jim started working as a reporter in the 1970s, when the New England  mafia was still active on the streets of Providence. He became known  for segments exposing organized crime and for sniffing out public  corruption, and, at times, a bit of a combination of both. Jim's news  sense and his doggedness were legendary.   Jim was a Rhode Island icon. In a small State, with more than its  share of stories to tell and plenty of larger-than-life characters,  investigative journalists have always had a particular prominence. For  more than three decades, Jim was among the best of them all.   He was brave. When a Federal judge ordered Jim to divulge who had  provided him with a tape of a bribe being accepted at Providence City  Hall, he opted for a prison sentence rather than give up his source.  The courage of Jim Taricani made national headlines. He ended up  serving 4 months of home confinement and testified before Congress in  2007 in support of a Federal shield law to protect the freedom of the  press.   Rhode Islanders felt a personal connection to Jim for another reason.  Jim needed a new heart in the 1990s. After having suffered two heart  attacks in his thirties, he shared this health saga on the air,  allowing WJAR cameras to follow along as he underwent a heart  transplant and navigated his recovery.   From living rooms and kitchen tables across Rhode Island, Rhode  Islanders rooted for Jim. As his health improved, he ultimately  returned to the newsroom. The transplant would give him 23 more years,  which he called his bonus.   Jim passed away last month at the age of 69. With the free press  under more strain than almost any other point in our Nation's history,  Jim's funeral became a really important moment. The photo Senator Reed  just showed on the front page of the Providence Journal the next day  was a sight to behold. More than 50 journalists showed up to serve as  Jim Taricani's honor guard. The honor guard had dozens of reporters  from across Rhode Island--not just from WJAR but from all of its  competitors too. Journalists came from other parts of the country who  had crossed paths with Jim at channel 10 during time they spent in  Rhode Island. They had come back to see off a friend, a hero, and a  staunch defender of the First Amendment.   I join Senator Reed today in thinking of Jim's beloved wife, Laurie  White, and the many friends of theirs who mourn Jim's passing. He will  be missed.   I yield the floor.   