 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, Mr.  McGovern, for his extraordinary leadership on H.R. 2722, the Securing  America's Federal Elections Act, the SAFE Act.    Madam Speaker, we were attacked as a country in 2016. We were not  attacked as Democrats or Republicans or Independents. Our Nation was  attacked.   Special Counsel Mueller found that Russia conducted a sweeping and  systematic campaign to subvert and undermine the U.S. election on  behalf of one party and one candidate as opposed to another party or  another candidate, but you know what, that should make no difference to  us today. It could have been the reverse.   I would hope that all of us would be standing together as Americans  to reject foreign interference in our elections.   What did the Russians do? Well, they conducted cyber surveillance and  espionage and sabotage at the Democratic National Committee, at the  Democratic National Campaign Committee, and at Hillary Clinton's  headquarters. They injected racial and ethnic propaganda and poison  into our body politic through Facebook, through Twitter, through social  media, and then they directly entered into the websites of 30 different  State boards of election across the country, with varying degrees of  success, according to how well prepared the different election boards  were.   Now, in response to all of this, what do we get from the President of  the United States, the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces? What we  get is denunciation of what he calls the Russian hoax. He rejects the  evidence offered to him by his own intelligence agencies and leaders.  He rejects all of the evidence compiled by Special Counsel Robert  Mueller. He rejects the conclusion that there was a sweeping and  systematic effort to undermine our election.   H.R. 2722 says we need to protect our election in 2020. It is  precious. Our democracy is precious to us, so we will promote accuracy,  integrity, and security through voter-verified permanent paper ballots,  and provide grants to the States to carry out the security improvements  that we need. It will establish cybersecurity requirements for voting  systems and require testing of the existing hardware and software to  make sure there is not malware in there, to make sure that it is not  being manipulated, and it will implement risk-limiting audits to ensure  the accuracy of vote tallies in an efficient manner.   Madam Speaker, we have a philosophical difference with our friends.  It is not just that the President denied the existence of the attack,  but the Republican-controlled Senate did nothing, they offered us no  plan. They controlled the House and the Senate in the last Congress.  They did nothing. They offered us no plan for securing our elections  against foreign attack in 2020, which is why we have come forward with  an attempt to prevent the attack in 2020.   Now, we have a philosophical difference with them, because when we  say that America needs to act, they say federalism, let every State  work it out on their own.   I heard one of my colleagues say they are doing a great job at the  local level running the elections. But we are not talking about running  the elections, we are talking about protecting the security of our  elections against a foreign attack.   It is like we are saying we need to defend the country, and they say,  well, we have got great local police forces all across the America. The  police forces may be great, but we still need a national defense.   The election boards might be doing a good job in some places, maybe  less so in others, running the local elections,  [[Page H5097]]  but we still need to protect all of our elections against the foreign  attack that was described in detail by Special Counsel Mueller.   There is a constitutional basis and imperative for doing this. I  direct my friends to Article IV of the Constitution, the Republican  Guarantee Clause, which my good friend from Illinois suggested may have  been the Republican Party guarantee clause. I know he was kidding when  he said it. It is not the Republican Party guarantee clause; it is a  guarantee of a republican form of government.   ``The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a  republican form of government, and shall protect each of them against  invasion''.   That is a constitutional command that we must protect every State in  the union's republican form of government.   Well, what is a republican form of government? A republican form of  government is a representative form of government where the voters vote  for their leaders. It is republican only if the will of the people is  properly expressed through an election, we get the will through an  election, and it has integrity and accuracy and safety. That is what  this bill is about.   Madam Speaker, I urge everybody to support H.R. 2722.   