 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for being here  today and covering for us.   Madam Speaker, again, we have talked about this: The Democrats in  this bill are pushing something quickly. We have talked about this many  times and sometimes I just want to talk about this because I feel that,  however well-intentioned the bill is, it is not coming under full  scrutiny. After considering only four members in the committee and  rejecting each of them, including three that simply added rules of  construction, the chairman requested the House consider this bill under  a closed rule, and his request was granted. Now, we can disagree about  policy, but it is hard to argue this bill wouldn't have been improved  by full debate about what the bill says in consideration of as many  amendments as possible.   Americans can all agree that everyone deserves to be treated with  respect. No one should be mistreated by his employers, coworkers, or,  frankly, anyone else. However, when lawmakers propose amendments to  Federal law, we must avoid doing more harm than good. We also must not  pass legislation that could harm children; set back the rights of women  they have fought so hard to obtain; and erase the gains made possible  by other Federal civil rights laws, such as Title IX. H.R. 5 does all  these things. This bill would do much more harm than good in many ways,  and the people who would bear it the most would be the women and  children who would get the brunt of the damage.   Again, we can have disagreements on what we believe this to be, but  without a full vetting on the possibilities, all the nice language  today about what it would or would not do and what it is supposed to do  gets under the scrutiny of what the law actually says. That is the part  that I have the most problem with, not the intent, not the desire, that  is something we fight about--and we do--and the goodness, I never  question. It is how you go about it.   I made this statement on this floor before, Madam Speaker, what makes  you feel good does not often heal you. And today may make us feel good,  but in the end probably will not do what we intend it to do. And that  is a concern, especially with the way this bill has come to the floor.   I know this has been a consideration. We considered female sports in  which, last year, two male athletes won the top two spots in a  Connecticut girls class S indoor track meet. One of those female  athletes finished eighth and missed an opportunity to compete in front  of college coaches by two places. In her words, ``We all know the  outcome of the race before it even starts; it's demoralizing.''  Allowing men to compete against women in women's sports isn't  demoralizing because female athletes like Selina aren't talented, it is  demoralizing because it makes their talent irrelevant.   I don't say this. This is not Doug Collins' opinion. This is also the  opinion of tennis great, Martina Navratilova, who explained the threat  H.R. 5 poses to women's sports: ``Unless you want to completely remake  what women's sports mean, there can be no blanket inclusion rule. There  is nothing stereotypical about this--it's about fairness and it's about  science.'' And that came after she made initial comments, went back  after being criticized for them, reviewed it, looked at everything, and  then came back with that statement. She basically, again, doubled down  and agreed on what she was saying. And she is one not to back away from  those needing equality.   If H.R. 5 becomes law, others will be asking, What did we do at this  moment when we had a chance to look at a bill that maybe we could look  at and fix or make it better, but we didn't?   Never before in American history has a political party tried so  dramatically to rewrite the Federal civil rights laws to include an  undefined, self-referential, ideologically driven term called ``gender  identity'' in the U.S. Code, applicable to literally any entity that  receives Federal assistance, including elementary schools, colleges,  and healthcare centers nationwide. H.R. 5 would make self-reporting of  gender identity a protected class under Federal law and require doctors  and educators to blindly follow the self-reporting of adolescents and  young adults. Healthcare protocols and even state law would be no  defense, as they would be superseded by this Federal law under the  Supremacy Clause of the Constitution. I know this has been debated and  characterized from my friends across the aisle as not true, but a plain  reading of the text says it is true, and this is something we have to  deal with.   We heard proponents of H.R. 5 call people who oppose it as either  ignorant, bigoted, oppressive, or hateful. I will not make similar  characterizations across the aisle of my friends. I believe we have a  genuine disagreement here. That is what this House floor is for, but,  unfortunately, it is a closed rule today and has been relatively closed  in the process up until this point.   Madam Speaker, I implore my colleagues to listen to the stories of  stakeholders everywhere, including the transgender girls and boys this  bill is meant to help. We may be hurting them by allowing doctors to  prescribe hormones and perform major surgeries on adolescents without  parental consent or involvement. In fact, H.R. 5 would actually compel  doctors to medicalize children without even consulting their parents.  Families of transgender children are begging Congress to listen to  them.   But, also, H.R. 5 endangers the First Amendment rights of every  single American. Because the bill makes no provision for sincerely-held  religious belief, it would criminalize the fundamental tenets of major  world religions, including Christianity, Islam, and Judaism. Biological  sex is a scientific reality, yet H.R. 5 would target faith traditions  that acknowledge it as such and want to live their lives accordingly.  [[Page H3938]]    Today, we must listen to all Americans, including the LGBTQ  community, and recognize many within the community have also raised  concerns about this legislation. H.R. 5, in the words of the Women's  Liberation Front leader, nullifies ``women and girls as a coherent  legal category, worthy of civil rights protection.'' It would endanger  millions of American women and undermine fundamental American rights to  faith in both religion and science, and actively put children at risk  by medicalizing them in harmful and permanent ways without parental  involvement.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in opposing  this bill, which is being rushed to the floor without Members having an  opportunity to vote on amendments and I believe carefully considering  what is being put before them.   Again, Madam Speaker, think about what we are asking here. For the  first time, something was raised in our committee hearing that said: Do  you think people would commit fraud by doing all these changes and  going through medical procedures and everything, that they would do  that just to simply commit fraud? Let me remind you, Madam Speaker, and  to anyone listening this morning, this bill does not require any of  that. It requires nothing except a self-admonishment or knowledge that  I am what I say I am today. That is all this bill requires.   So many of us are just asking: Is there a better way to do this? Is  there a better way to look at this? Probably not. But this way, this is  not right and is being rushed.   Again, as I started with today, I will sort of end as well, sometimes  what makes you feel good--and I understand the majority's desire to  bring this forward and to a fulfill a promise, I get it--but, in the  end, is it also going to do what you want it to do in the long-run? Or  are there going to be unintended consequences that we don't want to  acknowledge today in our rush to do something we promised? Sometimes it  is better to back up and make sure it is right before we can fulfill a  promise.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Byrne).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Spano).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Steube).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute to just  basically respond to that colloquy, because it is really interesting  because none of us, especially myself, has said anything about houses  of worship. We do know that is the bridge too far.   What we are concerned about in the bill is where it says any of these  groups, affiliations, Catholic affiliations, Jewish affiliations who  get Federal money to do other things, they would come under this, and  this is where the RFRA protections is something.   So, the conversation here was nice. It provided a great cover, but it  did not answer the question that many of us have asked in this process  as we go forward. So I get that.   Also, as we look at this further, this is why we have asked to see if  we could do this in a different way and do it in a better way to define  these terms and to protect all parties in this, and not just run  hastily into something that could cause problems in the future.   This colloquy was nice but did not answer the underlying question.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    I reserve the balance of my time, Mr.  Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Utah (Mr. Stewart).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I inquire of the chairman if he  has any more speakers or if he is ready to close.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot of debate, and we have heard a lot  of issues today.   One of the issues that I want to bring up today is, again, as I  started out in my opening statement, no one on our side and no one who  disagrees with this bill is saying anyone ought to be treated wrongly  or badly in any way. That is not who we are. In fact, we have struggled  with that on this floor.   This bill, I can agree with the intent. I agree with the fact that no  one should be.   But my friend, the majority leader, just made a statement. He quoted  scripture, and it was a good one. It says love your neighbor. And I  agree with him. I have talked about it. I have preached on that many  years now. But it also didn't say, ``Love your neighbor,'' and then,  ``I have to agree with my neighbor.''   We can love each other and disagree. We love each other and disagree,  and then we come into this place with this bill. That is where it gets  not amorphous, not the intent, not what we want to do to make us feel  better. It actually is how we then legislate this.   This bill is just not a good attempt. It is an imperfect step toward  making something that others want to be right but, in the end, runs a  real risk of causing others harm at the same time.   It is a risk that is brought on by rushing something. Even if it has  been talked about for 5 years, the legislative part has been rushed,  Mr. Speaker.   I understand the concern. I understand the anxiety. But let's make it  right. Let's at least have an open debate. Let's discuss it here.   It is interesting to me that we had to have a colloquy on the floor  to assuage some Members that this bill would not attack a worship  service or who could lead a worship service or if a minister would  actually have to do a service that would be against their personal  faith beliefs.   The bill does not talk about that, but it does leave an open issue of  public accommodation and how somebody would  [[Page H3948]]  look at public accommodation in a church setting. That is an honest  question that needs to be answered.   It does bring up a lot of questions. What if a church or a religious  organization accepts Federal money? What if a Catholic church accepts  school lunch programs? What if a Jewish synagogue accepts money for  homeland security? At that point, for the programs that they have, the  bill says if you receive Federal money, you fall under this. Do they  then have to violate their own faith beliefs?   Making one group of people deny their faith while trying to give  another one a leg up is still wrong. It is not equal.   The questions that we have here today are honest disagreement. It is  honest disagreement, but not in the sense of, if you take this, you  have made a gender identity claim that is self-professing.   As was just said a moment ago, we talk about great ideas like the  Civil Rights Act and the ADA. Disability under the ADA can be shown  objectively, and I agree. As the father of a daughter who has spina  bifida and is in a wheelchair, I can show objectively what that  actually means. I am proud of that legislation. I was not here. I wish  I had been because I have seen it open up.   In this bill, it says simply, ``Gender identity as I proclaim it at  that moment.'' This is where our problems come.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I would say vote ``no'' on the bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   