 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R.  1112, the Enhanced Background Checks Act of 2019, and I applaud the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), my good friend, for his  leadership and enduring commitment to reducing gun violence and making  our communities safer. I also appreciate my friend from Texas, Sheila  Jackson Lee, for her leadership on this issue as well.   Madam Chair, it is unconscionable to think that convicted felons,  domestic abusers, and others who are prohibited by law from purchasing  a firearm could end up with these weapons anyway. Sadly, this is the  reality we currently live in due to the default proceed sales, also  known as the Charleston loophole.   I have introduced legislation on this problem in the past because we  must do everything we can to ensure firearms do not end up in the hands  of those who should not have them. This is why I am also a cosponsor of  Mr. Clyburn's Enhanced Background Checks Act.   The FBI should and, in fact, needs to know if a default proceeds sale  has taken place. Currently, this is not the case unless the FBI  eventually completes a background check, determines the purchaser  should be prohibited from owning a firearm, and subsequently contacts  the dealer.   We need more information throughout this process, and my amendment  would do just that: require the FBI to report on the number of  background checks that they are not able to complete within the  designated time period.   This information will help keep track of the FBI's ability to clear  background checks in a timely manner as well as give better  understanding of where there is still room for improvement. It will  also provide much-needed transparency to the default proceed process.   All who support commonsense solutions to reduce the gun violence  epidemic in this country should support this amendment and the  underlying legislation. I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee), my dear friend and a tireless champion and leader on the  efforts to reduce gun violence.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Nadler), chairman of the committee.    Madam Chair, does the gentleman from Georgia have any  speakers on this issue?    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   