 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Jayapal for yielding  me time.   Today I rise in support of H.R. 2134, the Helen Keller National  Center Reauthorization Act of 2019.   The Helen Keller National Center for Deaf-Blind Youths and Adults is  located in my district in Sands Point, Long Island. It is a national  organization and, really, the only one of its type.   I want to thank my colleagues, Representative Pocan, who is the  author of this bill, and Congressman Peter King, Congressman  Bobby  Scott, Congresswoman DeLauro, Congressman Cole, and Congresswoman  Lowey, for championing the authorization of the Helen Keller National  Center.   Think about it: This was formed in 1967, and it is a unique facility  in that it serves a population that is both deaf and blind, combined.  Imagine how important this organization is in the lives of these folks  who are confronting being deaf and blind at the same time.   It is estimated that there are 2.4 million deaf and blind youths and  adults in America, and that number is going up dramatically as the  population ages.   Mr. Speaker, this organization services adults who are over 16 years  of age. They travel from all over the country to come to this facility,  as well as having regional centers, which have been mentioned already,  that provide what you would characterize as outpatient services.   In my second week in office, in 2017, I visited the Helen Keller  National Center in my district. I met with deaf and blind individuals  in the program. I learned about their experiences and how Helen Keller  services made a difference in their lives and the lives of their  families. Many described how they had gained skills in order to live  independently and to be successfully employed in a career of their  choice.   We must all recognize the critical importance of this group, and the  reauthorization of the Helen Keller Act is one significant way that  Congress can collectively convey to the deaf-blind community that we  are all committed to ensuring quality services are available to promote  their empowerment and their success, not only the work they have done  in the past, but that they will do in the future as well.   I want people to know that, since coming to Congress in 2017, after  years of no increases in their funding, my colleagues and I have helped  increase funding at the Helen Keller National Center from $10.3 million  a year to $13.5 million for the Helen Keller National Center. It is  really a modest investment, but with this funding, they have been able  to provide a wider array of critical services to deaf-blind individuals  by building a network all across the Nation among professionals and  service providers with 11 regional offices located across the country.  This year's appropriations bill package passed by the House included  $16 million and is awaiting action in the Senate.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of my colleagues who have  done so much for such an important organization.   