 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to reflect on the  accomplishments that Chairman Murkowski, my colleague and friend on the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and I have been able to make  this year. Today, I will focus on my remarks on the energy agenda we  have put in place to address climate change, as well as a path forward  for a bipartisan energy bill.   The year began with my appointment to ranking member of the  committee. There were some expressions of uncertainty about where  Chairman Murkowski and I might lead that committee, and there was a  great deal of skepticism about my ability and interest in addressing  climate change, but I can assure you it is strong.   On March 5, 2019, we held the first hearing on climate in the  committee in 7 years. Just this morning, we passed an additional five  Energy bills, making the total count for this year 52 Energy bills  reported out of committee.   We have endlessly examined our Nation's work on innovation in the  energy and manufacturing sectors, and we have been reminded that the  United States must lead in this space in order to ensure we can address  climate change effectively.   As discussions about large climate bills move forward, it is  important that Congress is doing the work to ensure we have the  technology necessary to meet the challenge of reducing greenhouse gas  emissions in a comprehensive and timely way.   In the midst of all the political noise, our committee has been  quietly leading this effort over the last year. The strong bipartisan  nature of our committee has enabled us to move dozens of pieces of  legislation that will push the Department of Energy and the private  sector into their next phase of research and development as we seek  technological emissions-reducing solutions.   In reflecting on this year's progress, I want to highlight that  bipartisanship because I believe it is absolutely the reason we are  delivering solutions worthy of the people of West Virginia, Alaska, and  the entire country. It is simple--the chairman and I talk to each  other, we talk to one another's colleagues on either side of the aisle,  and sometimes we disagree, but we never disrespectfully disagree  because we are friends.   We must come together in this Chamber to solve this crisis and also  ensure that no community is left behind.   From even before the founding of our country, my home State of West  Virginia has poured its natural resources and its human resources into  every one of our Nation's ambitions. It is well known that West  Virginia has produced the coal that has powered our grid and built our  steel skyscrapers for decades. We have literally done the heavy  lifting. What you may not know is that our salt deposits were used to  make gun powder in the French and Indian and Revolutionary Wars. Our  deeply ingrained culture of hard work and entrepreneurship led to James  Rumsey's steamboat innovation in 1787, just as it is leading to the  National Energy Technology Laboratory's inventions today.   West Virginians have applied all of our resources--coal, hydropower,  natural gas, geothermal, wind, solar, and human ingenuity--to achieve  our common goals. But these natural and human resources have been  tested significantly in the past decade. The decline in coal production  and use has gone beyond rising unemployment to unravel the tax revenues  needed for our schools and communities. These economic and workforce  downturns have occurred alongside the opioid crisis, the doubling of  energy costs in our State, and historic flooding due to climate change  in West Virginia--flooding that resulted in the tragic death of 23 of  our friends, families, and neighbors.   None of these obstacles have or will get the best of West Virginia.  Nothing ever has. Just as the innovators of my home State have sought  to use all the resources at their disposal to seize opportunities and  overcome challenges, we must reflect that resolve here in the Halls of  Congress.   We cannot turn the American energy system on its head because the  costs will fall too heavily on people in rural areas and energy- producing regions like West Virginia. At the same time, we cannot  disregard what the science tells us about the reality and severity of  climate change.   Across the country, we can clearly see that the costs of climate  change are mounting, but we need to refocus our attention on the  incredible opportunities presented by the solutions to it. Whether that  is the upstart solar company hiring former coal miners in Jefferson and  Cabell Counties; the collaboration between oil, gas, and geothermal on  new ways to access hot rocks in Monongalia County; or the insulation  installer who retrofits our homes, the opportunities and the needs  exist in each and every community, not just on the coasts.  [[Page S7013]]    I have said time and again that the miners who built our country are  the best workers we can employ to build our future economy. It is our  responsibility as their representatives to include them and their  communities in the economy of the future by passing the laws and making  the investments needed to shape that future, creating those jobs and  guiding the private sector and others toward new, ambitious climate  solutions. That is why I have pursued bills that will build new energy  and natural resource jobs in rural communities.   The Advanced Geothermal Innovation Leadership Act would significantly  invest in new geothermal projects to unlock new and potentially vast  resources in the Eastern United States--bringing proven renewable  technologies to fossil fuel-producing regions.   The Enhancing Fossil Fuel Energy Carbon Technology Act would make the  first Federal investments in direct air capture and firm up our  commitment to carbon capture, utilization, and storage--necessary  climate solutions and ones that can be built in the valleys of West  Virginia.   The Clean Industrial Technology Act would incentivize new  technologies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in industrial and heavy  transport fuel sectors--solutions that reenergize the manufacturing  heartland of the United States.   These bills and the many others we have reported out will lay the  foundation for meeting our climate goals while creating the innovation  jobs needed in our rural communities, all while leading the world.   That brings me back to the bipartisan nature of the Energy and  Natural Resources Committee. The legislation we have passed in our  committee reflects the diversity of our Members and our constituents  who have sent us here on their behalf. These bills invest in the  programs necessary to bring climate solutions to bear, and they will  create jobs and opportunities.   Our bipartisan work on energy innovation is evidence of the good work  that can be done in Congress and stands in contrast to the skeptical  and cynical narrative that dominates our politics today. Our work is  far from done. We will continue to work in a bipartisan fashion with  our colleagues in this Chamber and in the House to take those 52 bills  and turn them into an impactful energy package, one that can easily and  readily move the needle on reducing emissions and one that can be  signed into law.   I congratulate my dear friend and colleague Chairman Murkowski and  the members of the committee for their work, and I look forward to this  Chamber taking up our energy innovation package in the new year.   I yield the floor.   