 Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Zeldin), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this bipartisan  amendment to protect Plum Island, which is being offered by Mr. Zeldin  of New York, myself, Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro, and  Tom Suozzi, who  also represents a portion of Long Island.   Plum Island is a unique ecological treasure situated between eastern  Long Island Sound and the Connecticut shoreline. It is the home of over  200 bird species and countless rare plant species, including the  northernmost known extent of the blackjack oak species.   Our amendment today is simple. It prevents the General Services  Administration from using Federal dollars for sale or marketing  activities related to Plum Island.   In 2008, over a decade ago, Congress mandated the public sale of Plum  Island, with proceeds intended to partially offset a new Bio and Agro- Defense Facility in the State of Kansas. This law dictated that GSA  must sell the island to the highest bidder. Transferring it to another  Federal entity or nonprofit was not an option, which is normally the  way that property such as this is disposed of in other cases.   The statutory requirement enacted in 2008 was flawed and short- circuits the GSA's usual process of finding potential other Federal  uses for the land or nonprofits to take custody of the land before an  auction.   My colleague from across Long Island Sound, Congressman Lee Zeldin,  and I have introduced several measures to slow down or block the sale  of Plum Island, which has been strongly supported by environmental and  conservancy groups on both sides of Long Island Sound.   In the past several Congresses, the House has voted unanimously to  help our effort only to, unfortunately, have it stall in the Senate.   We have worked with Congresswoman DeLauro, also, to have language  included in the Homeland Security appropriations bill that may come  [[Page H5136]]  up later this summer that would further prevent the sale of Plum  Island.   We have been working in a bipartisan manner to save this ecological  treasure, Plum Island, for over a decade.   Mr. Chair, this amendment would help protect this ecological treasure  from overdevelopment and destruction, and I want to thank the ranking  member and Mr. Quigley for their support in allowing this matter to  make it through the Rules Committee.   Mr. Chair, I strongly urge all Members to support this amendment, I  urge an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.   