 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in just a matter of hours, we are  expected to vote on the nomination of William Barr to be Attorney  General of the United States. This office is one of paramount  importance to the people of this country, and as a former U.S.  attorney, the chief Federal prosecutor in Connecticut, I have deep  respect--indeed, reverence--for this office and the legal authority it  commands and the moral powers it embodies.   So the stakes of this nomination, especially at this point in our  history, could not be higher.   I believe William Barr should not be confirmed, and it has more to do  with the role of the Attorney General of the United States than with  his specific positions or policies on issues where we may disagree.   I do disagree with William Barr on positions he has taken on civil  rights, women's healthcare, reproductive rights, and the powers of the  Presidency.   At this moment in time, at this hour of our history, an imperial  Presidency, such as envisioned by many of the doctrines that William  Barr has espoused, in my view, would be an absolute catastrophe. Giving  the President the power, in effect, to override statutes or refuse to  enforce them or disregard Supreme Court precedent, especially with this  President, would be a recipe for disaster.   An imperial Presidency at any point in our history is unwise. At this  moment in our history, it would be catastrophic. That view of a unitary  Executive and all that comes with it is one of the reasons I would have  reservations about this nominee, but for me, the transcendent issue--as  it was with Jeff Sessions, our former colleague--is whether this  nominee will be the people's lawyer or the President's lawyer. Will he  put first the interests of the American people or of President Donald  Trump? Will he have foremost in mind the public interests or the  personal interests of the President who appointed him?   Unfortunately, I am left with deep concerns, doubts, and questions  that  [[Page S1308]]  are disqualifying. The best example is his position on the release and  disclosure of the special counsel's report. There were doubts--and  there continue to be--among some of my colleagues about whether he  will, in fact, allow the special counsel to do his job. He said that he  would resist firing the special counsel and that he would allow Robert  Mueller to finish his investigation, but he was pretty careful to avoid  specifically committing that he would permit subpoenas to be issued,  indictments to be brought, resources to be provided, and other  essential factors that go into the effectiveness of the special  counsel.   Even giving him the benefit of the doubt on those issues, there  remains his refusal to commit that he will provide the evidence and  findings of the special counsel directly to Congress and directly to  the American people. For me, that refusal to commit is one of the  factors that are disqualifying.   The American people want transparency for the special counsel, as  they do in their government generally. Just yesterday, the Washington  Post released a poll indicating that 81 percent of Americans believe  the Mueller report should be released. That number includes 79 percent  of Republicans. The simple, stark fact is, the public has a right to  know. The American people paid for the special counsel's report. They  deserve to know everything that is in it, and they deserve not only the  conclusion but also the findings of fact and his prosecutorial  decisions and the underlying evidence that he considered in making  those decisions. The clear specter arises that he will choose to bring  no indictment against the President or other officials and that there  will be no disclosure of the report, which would be tantamount to a  coverup. What we may be watching is the Saturday Night Massacre in slow  motion.   The reason this issue is of such paramount importance to this  nomination relates to the obligation that the Attorney General has to  promote transparency. In his responses to me, he said he would follow  all the rules and regulations without delving into all the words and  technical issues relating to those rules and regulations. The simple  fact is, they provide near complete discretion to the Attorney General.   The American public has a right to see the Mueller report, not the  Barr report. We have a right to see not what William Barr in his  discretion permits us to know but, in fact, what the findings and  evidence are--the Mueller report, not the Barr report. My fear is that  despite his very vague references to wanting transparency, his refusal  to commit to making that report public reveals his state of mind: that  he will abridge, edit, conceal, redact parts of the report that may be  embarrassing to the President. In effect, he will act as the  President's lawyer, not as the people's lawyer.   During a hearing, I asked William Barr point blank, if he were  presented with evidence beyond a reasonable doubt that the President  committed a crime, would he approve an indictment. He declined to  answer the question directly or clearly. He pointed to two Office of  Legal Counsel opinions saying that a sitting President cannot be  indicted. I asked what he thought, not what the OLC thought. Would he  permit an indictment against a President if presented with  incontrovertible evidence of criminal wrongdoing? And he said he saw no  reason to change the policy embodied in those OLC memos. The assumption  is wildly held that Robert Mueller will follow those OLC memos, and  William Barr confirmed those assumptions.   There is also Department of Justice policy that prosecutors do not  speak publicly about people they are investigating but are not prepared  to indict. I followed those policies as U.S. attorney. I know them  well. In the normal case, they are fully applicable, but these two  policies taken in combination lead to a truly frightening outcome: If  the President cannot be indicted but has committed crimes, the American  people may never know. That is, in effect, tantamount to a coverup. The  American people may never know about that proof beyond a reasonable  doubt. They may never see those findings in evidence. They may never  have the benefit of the full report. Even though it may leak in dribs  and drabs, in parts, they will never have the full and complete  picture.   That is why I believe so strongly in the legislation that Senator  Grassley and I have offered to require transparency. It is called the  Special Counsel Transparency Act. It would require that there be a  report. If the special counsel is transferred or fired or if he resigns  or at any point completes his investigation, there would be a report,  and it would be required that that report be provided to the American  people. It would be mandatory, not discretionary.    I believe this issue is a transcendent one in this era--the public's  right to know the truth about the 2016 election and the President's  responsibility for any obstruction of justice or any collusion with the  Russians. Again, it is about the public's right to know and about the  Attorney General's responsibility for enabling the public's right to  know. His answers were evasive and deeply troubling, and instead of  providing straightforward and forthcoming answers, he was, in effect,  evading and avoiding the question.   In addition to the special counsel's investigation, there are at  least two U.S. Attorney's Offices--the Southern District of New York  and the Eastern District of Virginia--that have concurrent  investigations into Trump campaign activities during this same period  of time and beyond. In the Southern District of New York, the President  has been essentially named as an unindicted coconspirator. He is  individual No. 1, an unindicted coconspirator. That is a distinction he  shares with only one other President--Richard Nixon.   The unencumbered continuation of these investigations is of vital  public interest. That is why I asked Mr. Barr whether he would impose  any restrictions on these prosecutors. Again his answer was evasive and  deeply troubling. Instead of issuing a simple no, he stated that the  Attorney General has the responsibility and discretion to supervise  U.S. attorneys, and he declined to say that he would defer to them. He  declined in the hearing, and he did again in our private meeting. That  answer gives me no confidence that, if confirmed, William Barr will  avoid interfering in the investigations now underway in those two  additional jurisdictions, where, in fact, they may pose an even more  dire danger that his culpability will be revealed and perhaps  prosecuted. It should not give the public any greater degree of  confidence either.   On other issues--the emoluments clause, for example. When I asked  him, he said: I haven't even looked up the word ``emolument.'' That is  a direct quote. There are a number of very high-profile cases against  the President involving the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution  because the President has been violating it. The chief anti-corruption  provision in Federal law is the emoluments clause. Litigation is  underway. Decisions have been rendered in the district courts in favor  of the standing of 200 of us Members of Congress who have challenged  the President's lawbreaking. I am proud that that case--Blumenthal v.  Trump; Blumenthal and Nadler v. Trump--is proceeding. William Barr has  a responsibility to know about that case and to say whether he would  recuse himself from it since he was appointed by the defendant in that  case, and if not, what justification there can be for continuing to  make decisions about it.   Again, William Barr is a distinguished attorney. He has a strong  background and qualifications. He served in this position before. He  has very impressive credentials. He and I differ on issues of policy,  but the main question relates to disclosure and transparency, to  fidelity and priority, to the American people's interests--putting them  unquestionably above the President's. Because I have such deep  reservations and concerns about his determination to do so, I will  oppose him as Attorney General, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   I yield the floor.   