 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for yielding, and I  thank my friend from New York, Chairwoman Maloney, for her leadership  on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2513, which would help to end  the abuse of anonymous shell companies. These entities have a well- documented history of being used to hide money in a wide variety of  crimes, including sanctions evasion, terrorist financing, human  trafficking, drug trafficking, illegal arms dealing, tax evasion, and  corruption. Anonymous shell corporations are also being subverted by  criminals in ever-evolving schemes involving emerging digital  technologies.   One of the many hats that I wear is being a co-chair of the  Blockchain Caucus. Just in the past week, I have had disquieting  updates from officials from the FBI and FinCEN about trends in the  abuse of cryptocurrencies for nefarious purposes.   What was clear from these briefings is that the use of anonymous  shell companies has greatly inhibited the ability of law enforcement to  go after criminals who use cryptocurrency to engage in illicit  financing. The use of anonymous shell companies also makes it extremely  difficult to uncover abusive trading practices in unregulated crypto  exchanges.   In short, criminals and law enforcement officers are engaged in a  very sophisticated cat-and-mouse game in which law enforcement is  always playing catch-up. Passing the Corporate Transparency Act will  give law enforcement officers a significant new  [[Page H8319]]  tool that could potentially lead them to taking down more of the bad  guys.   Let us not forget, the use of the beneficial ownership registries is  not some wild-eyed, crazy concept where the U.S. would be going out on  a limb. This is an area where the U.S. is significantly behind other  developed nations.   The Financial Action Task Force, a respected intergovernmental  policymaking body established by the G7 countries in 2016, gave the  U.S. a failing grade for its efforts to prevent the laundering of  criminal proceeds by shell companies. According to FATF's report, the  U.S. has not done enough to rein in corporate secrecy, which presents  serious gaps in law enforcement efforts, leaving our financial system  vulnerable to dirty money.   They were blunt. We were scored as noncompliant--the lowest possible  score--on our ability to determine the true owners of shell companies.  That is simply unacceptable.   I would like to think that the U.S. should be a standard setter  amongst nations when it comes to things like anti-money laundering  enforcement. The current status quo, however, woefully fails to measure  up to our lofty goals. We need to do better, and that is why I support  the commonsense measures put forth in H.R. 2513.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Congresswoman Maloney for her determined and  dogged leadership on this issue for many years, and I urge a ``yes''  vote on H.R. 2513.   