 Mr. President, over 104 years ago, the Ottoman Empire  launched a systematic campaign to exterminate the Armenian population  through killings, forced deportation, starvation, and other brutal  means. Every year I join the Armenian community in honoring the memory  of the victims who made invaluable contributions to sustain the  Armenian people and preserve Armenian history and culture before their  cruel, inhuman deaths.   At the time of the genocide, U.S. diplomats who witnessed it knew  that the tragedy they were seeing was an intentional choice. Henry  Morgenthau, the then-U.S. Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, said that  the Turkish Government's deportation order for the Armenians was ``a  death warrant to a whole race.'' Those are his words. They are ``a  death warrant to a whole race,'' and an aim which ``they made no  particular attempt to conceal'' in their discussions with them.   We know what to call such an intentional, highly organized effort to  destroy a people on account of their identity alone: genocide. In other  circumstances, no one questions this definition.   U.S. foreign policy must reflect an honest accounting of human rights  abuses, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing, and genocide. We  cannot turn our backs on the Armenian victims of genocide nor on any  victims of genocide anywhere or anytime it occurs. If we do, we only  empower those who seek to use genocide as a weapon of war for their own  malevolent purposes.   The Government of Turkey has funded lobbyists willing to trumpet lies  and make excuses for these atrocities. The Turkish Government and its  sympathizers have advocated for restrictive laws on expression and  against legislation that recognizes the Armenian genocide, initiated  prosecutions and smear campaigns against those who study the Armenian  community's experiences at the hands of the Turks, and even resorted to  violence and harassment of journalists and human rights activists who  bravely speak the truth.   These actions are unacceptable and speak volumes to both the crime  and its coverup.   Thankfully, there are also voices speaking up against Turkey's  efforts to silence the truth of the Armenian genocide. I have long  worked in the U.S. Senate to push for this honest accounting and to  ensure that anyone who represents the U.S. Government does the same. In  every session of Congress since 2006, I have introduced or cosponsored  resolutions affirming the facts of the Armenian genocide. When I was  chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I was proud to  preside over the passage of an Armenian genocide resolution out of  committee for the first time.  [[Page S6575]]    The U.S. Congress cannot stand idly by and let the truth of genocide  be silenced. We must commit ourselves to learning the painful history  of the Armenians as we seek to build a better world for our own and  future generations. We must stand up unequivocally for truth, justice,  and peace. Only then, with that hard work and advocacy and recognition  of the truth, will we then confidently be able to say ``never again.''  Never again.   I have heard many colleagues come to the floor when we talked about  the Holocaust and say ``never again.'' In Rwanda, we said ``never  again.'' In the Armenian genocide, we should say ``never again'' as  well. Genocide is genocide, and we should recognize it as such so we  can move forward at the end of the day.   I am proud to have worked with Senator Cruz and 23 other Senators in  leading a resolution recognizing the horror of this genocide. I thank  them for their efforts on this important resolution and appreciate  their standing up for the truth.   This is not an issue of historical dispute. I listened to President  Erdogan's press conference with President Trump where he suggested they  are reviewing this history. They are going to review it until there  isn't one more Armenian genocide victim alive. Historians from across  the world, the most noted historians, and genocide observers and  experts and ethicists have said that this was a genocide.   I want to thank my colleagues for forwarding this important  resolution and appreciate their standing up for the truth. I hope the  full Senate will join us and send a clear message to the world that the  United States stands by the truth, stands by justice, and stands with  victims of genocide wherever they may be. This passed overwhelmingly  with strong Republican support in the House of Representatives. We are  one step away from finally recognizing this historical fact.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee be discharged from further consideration of  S. Res. 150 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I  further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed  to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, needless to say, I have great admiration  for the Senator from South Carolina and consider him a friend, but our  problem with Turkey--and I know my colleague has asked me several  times: What are we doing about Turkey? And I know it was meant in the  context of sanctions, which I obviously do support for a variety of  reasons--violations of CAATSA, purchase of the S-400, what they did in  Syria, and the list goes on and on. But in our desire to see Turkey  become that which we would want it to be, which it is not, under  President Erdogan, we continue to become enablers of the types of  actions that are undemocratic. More journalists are jailed in Turkey  than in any other place in the world. Imagine that--a NATO ally. More  lawyers are jailed in Turkey than in any other place in the world. And  the simple recognition of a historical fact--the simple recognition of  a historical fact of the Ottoman Empire and the cruel persecution of  the Armenian people cannot be recognized by the U.S. Senate the way the  House of Representatives recognized it in an overwhelmingly bipartisan  vote? Are we so afraid to stand up to history and the truth? Are we so  afraid about Turkey? Who is the superpower? Who is the superpower? I am  beginning to wonder because every time Turkey threatens to do  something, we cower.   Well, as far as I am concerned, they don't get to dictate the views  of the Congress of the United States. They don't get to dictate the  views of this Senate. This Senate should rise up and recognize the  historical truth as documented by historians and as documented by our  own diplomats. I will not cease continuing to come to the floor to  prick the conscience of the Senate and to ultimately reveal who  supports recognizing the Armenian genocide and who does not. Otherwise,  the words ``never again''--they are just hollow.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   