 Mr. President, I rise to talk to this body again about  healthcare and the cost of healthcare. This has been an issue and an  ongoing dialogue for a long time around the Senate and around Congress.   It is an issue that was supposedly settled when the Affordable Care  Act was passed, but, ironically enough, my Democratic colleagues have  now joined Republicans in saying they want to repeal and replace the  Affordable Care Act. They are not using the term ``repeal and  replace''; they are just saying they want to do Medicare for All. Built  into that is completely taking out the Affordable Care Act and  replacing it with something different.   So, ironically, in some ways, we are in the same spot. We have both  come to the same realization that the Affordable Care Act didn't pass-- it actually did pass, but it is not working. So now the challenge is  what to do with healthcare.  [[Page S4756]]    We are now trying to break into pieces what we can actually do  together to get this done, beginning with the cost of prescription  drugs.   I continue to hear from Oklahomans all over the State about how hard  it is to deal with the cost of prescription drugs, how rapidly the  costs are increasing, and how sporadic the cost changes really are.  They will have a drug that costs a small amount one month and come back  a month later and find a dramatic increase for the exact same drug.  They can go pharmacy to pharmacy and find a different price for the  exact same drug or find that the pharmacy closest to them doesn't offer  that drug, and a different pharmacy is the only one that is allowed to  have that drug. The complexity is driving them crazy and rightfully so.   As we peel back the layers on pharmacy issues, we are finding that  the complexity is that cost overruns being built in are too high.   For the past few months, we have looked at every step in the drug  process, from the approval to research and development, to try to  figure out how the cost is actually getting to the consumer.   Along the way, several things have occurred. The administration has  aggressively been approving generics. In fact, the administration has  approved a record number of generics. Those generic pharmaceuticals are  much less expensive than the branded pharmaceuticals. Many of those  have been waiting a very long time at the Food and Drug Administration  to actually be approved. The Food and Drug Administration is rapidly  getting those out the door, and that helps consumers.   Something else we have done in Congress is to try to address  something called the gag clause. The gag clause is one of those things  that was behind the scenes that no one knew about except for the  pharmacists because, if you came in with your insurance card to pick up  your prescription, the pharmacist knew the actual cost you would pay if  you paid in cash. Often, you could get that same prescription for less  by paying in cash than you could if you were to pay with your insurance  card, but the pharmacist was prohibited from actually telling you that.  We have addressed that in Congress, in a bipartisan way, to release  that gag clause and allow pharmacists to actually tell people their  options on pricing.   You might say: That is an absolutely crazy thing. Who put that gag  rule in?   Well, the system, and the structure behind the scenes that negotiates  all of it, said: If you want to be a pharmacy that sells these drugs,  you have to submit to these rules. As we found, the culprit behind many  of these issues is a group called pharmacy benefit managers. You will  hear it referred to as just the PBMs.   Those pharmacy benefit managers are supposed to negotiate between the  manufacturers and the insurance plans to lower the prices. In many  areas, they have lowered prices, but they have also given preferred  formulary placement to some of their preferred pharmacies so some  pharmacies get that drug and other pharmacies that are competing with  them don't get access to that drug. Often, it is the drug that is the  highest margin drug only their pharmacies will get and other pharmacies  will not.   It has become an anti-competitive piece in the background, when it  was supposed to be something that was a highly competitive piece to  actually help the consumer.   Unfortunately, PBMs have created one of the most elaborate, complex,  and opaque system of pricing, which has a tremendous amount of market  distortion and at times has limited patients' access to those drugs.  Oftentimes, it is a system they have been able to take advantage of and  have created financial incentives to help their bottom line in the  process rather than actually help the consumer.   Many consumers have heard about rebates, but they wonder who is  getting a rebate. They go to their pharmacy to pay for their drugs, and  they are not getting the rebate. There is a rebate going somewhere,  just not to them.   Here is the challenge. We are trying to peel back with greater  transparency what is happening in the pharmacy benefit manager world  and figure out how a small group--it is actually three companies that  have 90 percent of the market nationwide, how that middleman in the  process actually handles pricing and negotiation.   If you talk to any pharmacist anywhere in the country--and certainly  across my great State--who is an independent pharmacist, they will all  express their frustration with pharmacy benefit managers and their  access to some drugs and not others and the stipulations they  deliberately put there to hurt them and help others.   I have joined my colleague Senator Cantwell in trying to shine some  light on the operations of PBMs within the drug chains. Consumers  deserve greater transparency. That will help us understand the actual  cost of drugs and how those costs are actually getting to consumers or  not to consumers in the process. The PBMs need greater examination, and  we are finally taking that up to walk through the process.   On the Finance Committee, we are dealing with several issues. Led by  Senator Grassley, we are walking through Part B of Medicare, Part D of  Medicare, and trying to examine what can be done to help the actual  consumer. Our goals are how do we actually increase the options in  drugs that are out there, how do we stop the cost increases, and how do  we decrease out-of-pocket costs for pharmaceuticals.   In Part B--these are drugs that are often intravenous, but they are  done in a hospital setting or in an inpatient setting. As we are  working through that process, we are trying to find the perverse  incentives that are built in because, right now, physicians are  actually paid a percentage of the medicine they prescribe in Part B.  That means if there are three medications that are out there, if a  doctor prescribes the highest cost medication, they get a much higher  reimbursement. It is not a flat amount. Now, all three may be  intravenous, but whichever is the most expensive actually helps the  doctor the most. I am not challenging doctors and saying they are  always prescribing the branded drugs and the most expensive in the  process--that is between the doctor and the patient to determine--but  there is no doubt a perverse incentive is built into this; that if they  prescribe a more expensive drug, the doctor and his office actually  benefit from it. We need to fix that.   In Part D, there are reforms that can actually slow the growth in  cost increases and allow people to have greater access to drugs. We are  not interested in some kind of formula where we are actually going to  decrease the patients' options of what drugs they can actually get in  their formulary. That is a great thing about being an American; that we  don't have limited formularies. It is very open in the process so  Americans can try different pharmaceuticals to see which one works best  for them. That is not chosen by government; it is chosen by them and  their doctors. The Part D definitely needs a redesign of the benefit  structure because right now things like the doughnut hole drive up  costs for consumers. We are exploring a way to limit the out-of-pocket  costs for beneficiaries so there is a lifetime cap sitting out there.  There is an opportunity to know that if I end up with cancer or some  other rare disease, I am not going to have these out-of-control costs  on the pharmaceutical side and know there is not a doughnut hole  waiting for me, where when I get a couple thousand dollars in, I am  suddenly going to have a very expensive time. So I can afford my  insurance in January, February, and March, but from April to August, I  can't afford prescriptions anymore. We can't have that. We have to  address those issues because that dramatically affects the out-of- pocket costs.    There are lots of other options we are looking at while working  through this process, like the rebates, as I mentioned before, actually  getting to the consumer, not to the companies behind the scenes, and  dealing with how to take greater advantage of biosimilar drugs--very  similar to the generic drugs but just in a different category and at a  reduced cost--to allow them to have opportunities to get to those drugs  faster. We have to deal with some of the patent issues to make sure  drug manufacturers can't hold on to their patents abnormally long so  the generics can't actually get out to people or bundle them together  to restrict their patents.   We have to end this practice of surprise medical bills. Some folks  have no  [[Page S4757]]  idea what that is, and other folks know all too well. They look at  their insurance. They go to a hospital that is in network, and their  doctor is in network. So they go to a hospital that is in network, and  they go to a doctor who is in network, but they get a giant bill from  an out-of-network anesthesiologist, or the lab is out of network and  the hospital is in network, and they get a giant bill from the lab. We  are working to end the practice of having labs that are out of network  or certain specialists a doctor has sent them to--the patient assumes  they are in network, but then they find out that certain individuals  who have taken care of them are out of network.   We are also dealing with the issue of air ambulance surprise bills,  which has been a great challenge for those folks in rural America who  are having to be transferred long distances to get to a hospital and  then are getting an enormous bill for an out-of-network air ambulance  as a surprise billing. There are ways we can address this to deal with  the out-of-pocket costs.   We are focused on areas where we can find agreement and things we can  do to work through this process.   There is much to be done in the area of prescription drugs and in the  area of in network, out of network, and surprise medical bills. We  should be able to find common ground, and I am grateful I am part of  this dialogue to help try to find ways we can come together, get this  resolved, and get a better situation for American consumers and  patients in the days ahead.   With that, I yield the floor.   