 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to  this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, the liquid natural gas revolution going on in this  country is making us more energy secure, and it is revitalizing our  local economies across the country.   According to the Department of Energy, natural gas applies to nearly  one-third of the United States' primary energy. It is the primary  heating fuel for approximately half the U.S. households.    The oil and gas industry generates more than $50 billion a year in my  home State of Oklahoma. The industry has been the single largest  contributor to Oklahoma tax revenues in recent years.   The discovery of promising new natural gas formations in the Permian  Basin of Texas and New Mexico along with the Marcellus shale formation  in Ohio, Kentucky, West Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and New York  show that the near-term future of our country's energy mix will be  supplied by an abundance of natural gas.   Natural gas is a cost-effective, reliable, and clean form of energy  that has created thousands of high-paying jobs across the Nation,  including in Oklahoma's First Congressional District. America is now  the world's largest producer of natural gas. For the first time since  1957, we are a net exporter of natural gas to the rest of the world.   Recognizing the benefit that the natural gas revolution is having on  our economy and energy security, President Trump issued an executive  order in April of this year. Section 4(b) of the executive order  requires the Department of Transportation Secretary to propose a rule  for notice and public comment that would ``treat liquid natural gas the  same as other cryogenic liquids and permit liquid natural gas to be  transported in approved rail tank cars.''   Mr. Chairman, no matter our production levels of natural gas, we  cannot realize its full potential unless we have safe and reliable ways  to transport it. That is what the President's executive order is all  about.   I believe this amendment unnecessarily takes away a vital  transportation option for transporting our natural gas to both  underserved markets on the mainland United States and to our ports so  it can be exported around the world.   With certain States making it more difficult to transport LNG by  pipeline, we need all the available options at our disposal to  transport these much-needed energy sources.   We have been transporting oil by rail for decades, but since liquid  natural gas is a relatively new energy commodity, Federal rules and  regulations have not caught up to the need for flexibility in  transporting LNG, which is why I was pleased to see section 4(b)  included in President Trump's executive order.   Instead of trying to inhibit this administration's effort to make our  Nation more energy secure, I believe we should be assisting them in any  way possible to benefit our economy and our energy security.   Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I ask that my colleagues join me in opposing  this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   