 Madam Chair, Lyme disease is the most  prevalent vector-borne disease in the United States today, and members  of the U.S. Armed Forces are not immune to its debilitating effects, as  they train and complete exercises out in grassy and wooded areas.   According to the February 2018 Medical Surveillance Monthly Report,  published by the Armed Forces Health Surveillance Branch, tick-borne  diseases accounted for more than half of the confirmed cases of vector- borne diseases among service members--active duty and reserve--recorded  over seven years, from 2010-2016. Lyme disease alone had the largest  number of confirmed cases.   In its inaugural report to Congress, the federal Tick-Borne Disease  Working Group stated that ``Tick-Borne Diseases have rapidly become a  serious and growing threat to public health in the United States.  Despite many scientific unknowns, experts agree that the incidence and  distribution of tick-borne diseases are increasing.'' The Working Group  also stated that ``Federal funding for tick-borne diseases is less per  new surveillance case than that of any other disease.''   While the tick-borne disease research at CDMRP has been continuously  funded at $5 million since Fiscal Year 2016, the Working Group's report  is a sign that there is still much more to be done.   The amendment I offer today will increase funding by $2 million for  the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program (CDMRP) for the  purposes of tick-borne disease research. The added funding will enable  the CDMRP to support more innovative research to address gaps in  knowledge and information on tick-borne diseases. Military and civilian  personnel and their dependents who are at risk will be better informed  and prepared with enhanced awareness, education, and research programs.   I urge support for this amendment--we cannot shortchange our federal  responsibility. We owe it to the countless patients, including our men  and women in uniform suffering from tick-borne diseases and their  families.   