 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, as lead Republican for the Subcommittee on Civil  Rights and Human Services, and as its lead Republican sponsor, I am  happy to rise today to celebrate this bipartisan legislation, the  Stronger Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. This legislation  will help target, prevent, and treat child abuse and neglect.   The statistics of children in the United States who are abused and/or  neglected are staggering. In 2016, child protective services determined  approximately 676,000 children to be victims of abuse or neglect. This  is simply heartbreaking.   CAPTA was originally enacted in 1974 to support the development of  programs aimed at prevention, assessment, investigation, prosecution,  and treatment of child abuse and neglect. Stronger CAPTA seeks to  continue this important work while putting more emphasis on prevention  so that abuse and neglect can be stopped before they happen.   Prevention takes a holistic approach to combating neglect and abuse  by focusing on strengthening communities and educating parents and  caregivers on how to keep their children safe. In addition to  bolstering our prevention efforts, Stronger CAPTA streamlines current  assurances and requirements so States can focus on serving and  providing treatment to children rather than spending more time filling  out paperwork.   State agencies benefit from increased flexibility that allows them to  respond more swiftly and effectively to reports of abuse and neglect.  We must equip States with the tools and resources needed to address  maltreatment and keep kids safe.   I am very proud of the hard work done on both sides of the aisle to  champion this bipartisan legislation aimed at protecting some of our  most vulnerable citizens.   Keeping America's children safe from the detrimental harm of abuse  and neglect is something we can all agree is paramount, and I am glad  that we could work together on such an important initiative.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker), ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Higher Education and Workforce Investment.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Taylor).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Wright).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Stefanik).    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), ranking member of the Education and Labor  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I just want to conclude by again thanking everyone for  working together in a bipartisan way on this bill. This is very  important. This is something that we can do to prove Congress can work  together, can come together on issues of the utmost importance, and  preventing child abuse and neglect is an issue that is bipartisan and  of the utmost importance.   This bill streamlines the process. It does just exactly the things  that the States have asked us to do with the bill.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   