 Mr. President I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute.    Mr. President, it is Sunshine Week, and I support  transparency throughout government. The public's business ought to be  public. That includes right here in the U.S. Senate.   My newer colleagues might be unaware that the Senate has banned what  are referred to as secret holds. Since January 2011, a standing order  has been in effect, requiring that Senators make public any hold they  place on bills or nominations.   A Senator, of course, has a right to withhold consent when unanimous  consent is needed to move to a measure. However, there is absolutely no  right to do so in secret. The public's business ought to be done in  public.   That is why Senator Wyden and I sent a letter to all Senators  reminding them of this standing order that we authored requiring  disclosure of holds.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 more minute.    When Senators spend most of their time on the Senate  floor, as they used to before the Senate was on television, it was easy  for any Senator to stand up and say ``I object,'' if consent were asked  for any motion or any nomination. Now we spend most of our time in  committee hearings and meeting with those we represent. We rely on our  party leadership to protect our rights, and we sometimes tell them if  we need someone to object on our behalf to moving a bill or a nominee.  That happens to be called a hold. A hold should not be secret, I want  everybody to know that sometimes I put holds on nominations or bills.   Whoever heard of shouting ``I object'' in secret? A hold, in other  words, ought to be public, as the standing order requires. The Senate  affirmed that in the year 2011 by adopting a permanent standing order  that Senator Wyden and I wrote. I remind my colleagues, that standing  order is still in place.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in the last couple of weeks, I have come  to the floor for a few short comments on the Green New Deal. I have  compared it to the New Deal of the Franklin Delano Roosevelt  administration and its attempt to get us out of the Depression with the  New Deal then.   In his 1932 campaign for President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt called  for what he called a ``bold persistent experimentation.'' That is a  pretty good description of the New Deal. It wasn't a very cohesive  plan, but it was a collection of disconnected policies. In that sense,  the Green New Deal emulates its namesake. It, too, is kind of a  collection of disconnected policies.   The New Deal of the 1930s failed to pull the economy out of the  Depression that actually ended at the beginning of World War II. It is  not surprising, however, that it didn't pull us out of the Depression  because it didn't create economic growth. Economic growth needs  [[Page S1750]]  predictable and sensible tax and regulatory policies. We have seen the  fruits of this approach under the Trump administration. So let's not,  through the Green Deal, kill the goose that laid the golden egg.   The Green New Deal is both breathtaking in its professed ambitions  and, quite frankly, laughably weak. It is just a resolution calling on  the government to enact a whole range of policies.   Then, why not introduce a bill that actually does something rather  than a resolution calling for future implausible actions?   It is supposed to be about protecting the environment. As someone  with a track record of real bipartisan achievements that have resulted  in a cleaner environment, I don't get it. If you want to know my  credentials there, I am the father of the wind energy tax credit, just  as an example. We get 38 percent of our electricity from wind in Iowa.   What do universal healthcare--another item of the Green New Deal--or  free college tuition or a Federal jobs guarantee program have to do  with the environment anyway? All of those things are in the Green New  Deal.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   