 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object and with  all of the respect I can muster, this bill has more red flags than the  Chinese Embassy. Despite my great admiration for the senior Senator  from Illinois, I am objecting for three reasons.   The first reason I can best explain by telling you a story.   An oilman was talking to his banker one day, and the banker said: Mr.  Oilman, you know, the bank loaned you $1 million to rework all of your  old oil wells, and they went dry.   The oilman said: It could have been worse.   The banker said to the oilman: Mr. Oilman, we loaned you a second $1  million to drill brandnew wells, and they all went dry. What do you say  about that?   The oilman said: It could have been worse.   Then the banker said to the oilman: Our bank loaned you a third $1  million to buy new drilling equipment, and it all broke down. What do  you say about that?   The oilman said: It could have been worse.   The banker was now very upset. He said: What do you mean it could  have been worse? We loaned you $3 million, and you lost all of it. What  do you mean it could have been worse?   The oilman said: It could have been my money.   The cost of this bill is $1 billion--nine zeros. If I started  counting to a billion right now by one numeral a second, I wouldn't  finish until 2051. I would be dead as a doornail. I wouldn't make it. A  billion is a lot. We toss around ``a billion'' these days like it was a  nickel. A billion seconds ago, it was 1986. Ronald Reagan was  President. That is how much a billion is. A billion minutes ago, the  Romans were conquering Mesopotamia. As I made the point the other day  on the Senate floor, a billion hours ago, the Neanderthals were roaming  the Earth. A billion is a lot.   We have a $22 trillion deficit--12 zeros. We have to pay this money  back. I am running out of space, and we are probably going to run out  of digits if we keep borrowing.   My first concern is the money. Now, if we had not given any money to  our colleagues at the State level, that would have been one thing. Yet,  as my good friend knows, 2 years ago, we gave the States $380 million  to combat election fraud. They haven't even spent it all yet. So, yes,  I have concerns about the money.   Point No. 2, we did have problems in 2016, and I join the senior  Senator in wanting to do everything we possibly can to keep it from  happening again, which we did in 2018. We all had a classified briefing  down in our room. I don't know the particular name of it, but it is in  the Capitol Visitor Center. It is classified. You have to leave your  phone and your iPad outside. We had the Director of National  Intelligence there and the FBI Director, and I think we had every  general there from the Western Hemisphere. We went over the 2018  elections. They went off without a hitch.   Have you read any articles about our having problems in 2018 like we  had in 2016? No. Do you think if we had problems in 2018 that the  members of our press would have pounced on it like a ninja? Yes. Yet  you haven't seen those articles because 2018 went off without a hitch.  This was, in part, because we gave the States $380 million to solve the  problem, and they have not spent it all. So a reasonable person would  wonder why we would want to give them another $1 billion of American  taxpayer money at this juncture.   We also asked the Director of National Intelligence, the FBI, and  every general who was there: Are you ready for 2020? Every single one  of them said, categorically, unequivocally, unconditionally, yes. Every  single Senator, both my Republican friends and my Democratic friends,  walked out of that classified hearing impressed.   The third reason I, regretfully, have to object to this bill--and I  am not ascribing this intention to the Senator from Illinois. I am  not--is that some of my friends on Capitol Hill would like nothing  better than to take over elections in America, to have our election  system federalized. Right now, we don't have one election system; we  have 50 election systems. Every State runs its elections its own way,  usually by the Secretary of State. Now, I believe that is a matter of  federalism. I don't see anywhere in the U.S. Constitution or in the  Federalist Papers where it reads the U.S. Government ought to be  running elections for States.   No. 2, our States do a great job. Yes, we had a lot of activity on  Facebook and Google and within other aspects of social media, but we  haven't heard one allegation--or at least any proof of an allegation-- that any votes were stolen in 2016, much less in 2018. That is because  our Secretaries of State did a good job. It is also safer to have every  Secretary of State and every State in charge of its own election system  because, if a foreign government wants to hack your system, it has to  go to 50 different States. It has to do it 50 times. If we nationalize  elections--yet again, give the Federal Government more power--all a  foreign national has to do is to hack one system.   Again, I am not ascribing this motive or this intent to my good  friend from Illinois. I am not. Yet there are some who would like  nothing better than to nationalize State elections and have them run by  the Federal Government. Then the Federal Government could tell the  States what to do--what kinds of machines to use, whether they need  paper ballots, how to order the ballots. If they have electric machines  and one has to walk into a booth, the Federal Government could tell the  States what kinds of and what color of curtains they would have to  have. Then they would have a Federal agency get involved, and it would  start promulgating regulations. Before you would know it, casting a  vote would be like building a bridge.   It is a matter of federalism. Those who disagree with me will say:  Oh, Kennedy. You are exaggerating. This bill doesn't do that. It  doesn't federalize elections.   Yes, it does.   Do you know how we federalize things around here? We get the object  of the federalization hooked on the money. Those who want the Federal  Government to run everything never go right at it. They sneak up on  them. We say we are going to give them $380  [[Page S5939]]  million, and they get a little addicted. Then we are going to give them  $1 billion, and they get a little more addicted. Sooner or later, they  are addicted to the money, and then the Federal Government has got  them.   And that is what worries me about this bill.   I am going to offer another bill after we are done today that I hope  my good friend from Illinois will at least consider supporting. This  bill is not going to cost $1 billion, I can assure you. This bill is  going to require the chief election official of every State--usually,  that is the Secretary of State, as the senior Senator knows better than  me--to disclose to the Election Assistance Commission the identity of  any known foreign national who has physically handled ballots,  machines, or has had unmonitored access to storage facilities or  tabulation centers used to support elections or unmonitored access to  election-related information or communication technology.   What does that really mean? That means that if a foreign national at  any stage of the chain of custody has access to the machine or has  access to the ballot, that has to be disclosed.   Now, if you want to do something to stop foreign nationals from  interfering with our elections, we don't need to spend $1 billion. We  need to pass this bill.    Yes, sir. I am getting to that.   For the reasons I described and with great respect for the senior  Senator from Illinois, I object.    Mr. President, I agree so much with what the Senator  from Illinois has said, but we are on top of this.   Let me say it again. We gave the States $380 million to address the  problems in 2018. They haven't spent all of it. It is 3 gallons of  crazy to give them another billion dollars.   We have been assured by all of the relevant Federal officials that we  are ready for 2020. I am going to repeat once again: We had no problems  in 2018.   If I thought for a second that our voting system was in jeopardy, I  would be joining with my good friend the Senator, but I am not much for  just spending taxpayer money, with a $22 trillion deficit, just to be  spending it.   