 Mr. President, I would like to say just a few words  about Rob Wallace, the newly confirmed Assistant Secretary for Fish,  Wildlife, and Parks at the Department of Interior.   I have known Rob for over 35 years. Without question, Rob is the  right person for the job. Throughout his long and distinguished career,  Rob has struck the proper balance between wildlife management, habitat  management, and the use of our public lands.   In terms of wildlife conservation, Rob is way up there in terms of  his commitment. Rob's experience and leadership in Wyoming and in our  Nation's capital are ideally suited for this critically important  position.   Throughout his 45-year career, Rob has served in a variety of jobs  that directly relate to the two Federal agencies he has been nominated  to oversee. Rob began his career as a seasonal park ranger in Grand  Teton National Park. Since then, Rob has served in a number of  positions. He has been Assistant Director of the National Park Service,  chief of staff for Wyoming Senator Malcolm Wallop, staff director for  the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resource Committee--a committee on  which I currently sit. He has been chief of staff for Wyoming Governor  Jim Geringer, and manager of U.S. Government Relations for the General  Electric Company.   Rob currently serves as the president of the Upper Green River  Conservancy. It is the Nation's first cooperative conservation bank.  Rob cofounded the Upper Green River Conservancy. It protects core sage  grouse habitat in the ecologically rich and the energy rich Upper Green  River watershed in Southwest Wyoming.   He built an innovative partnership of ranchers, conservation groups,  energy companies, investors, and other stakeholders. Rob is also the  founding member of the board of the Grand Teton National Park  Foundation, a group of people absolutely working together, committed to  the Grand Teton National Park. It promotes the park's cultural,  historic, and natural resources. He has also served on the boards of  many organizations dedicated to conserving wildlife and enhancing our  national parks.   Rob's nomination passed the Environment and Public Works Committee by  unanimous vote, and a near-unanimous reported vote in the Committee of  Energy and Natural Resources.   Rob Wallace is an outstanding choice for this position of Assistant  Secretary for Fish, Wildlife and Parks. He is the right person for the  job, and I am so pleased the Senate has now confirmed his nomination.   I yield the floor.   