 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman DeFazio for helping make this bill a  bipartisan success, and I rise in support of H.R. 3245.   I really want to thank my colleague, the ranking member of the  committee, Mr. Graves, and also our other colleague, my former boss,  Congressman   John Shimkus, who allowed me to work on this project as  one of his staff members back in the early 2000s.   To be able to stand on the House floor and see this solution be put  forth by my other colleague from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon), with the  support of Mr. Shimkus, Mr. Graves, and the Illinois and Indiana  delegations in a very bipartisan way, it is a privilege for me to be  able to manage this bill today.   Who would have thought that two kids from Christian County, Illinois,  would one day stand here on the floor of the U.S. House of  Representatives and have a bipartisan bill that is going to help both  the constituents of Indiana and Illinois, but that is exactly where we  are today with my good friend Mr. Bucshon, who grew up about 8 miles  from where I grew up.   This bill is a long time coming. It is going to convey the Harmony  Way Bridge from the Federal Government to the designated entities  within the States of Illinois and Indiana. This is what the States of  Illinois and Indiana have asked us for.   The bridge is currently managed by the White County Bridge  Commission, which was created by Federal legislation in 1941. In 2012,  this bridge was closed because of the inability of that commission to  support its safety measures and to support the improvements that were  necessary.   By conveying this bridge and repealing the 1941 legislation, the two  States are going to work together for a new vision, which serves as a  very important link between Illinois and Indiana as it crosses the  Wabash River.   A companion bill has already been introduced by the four Senators  from Illinois and Indiana. Last week, that bill, S. 1833, was approved  by unanimous consent. Additionally, the House passed a similar bill  last Congress by unanimous consent.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3245, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Graves), my good friend and the ranking  member.    Madam Speaker, again, this bill is a  bipartisan success story and a bistate success story.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Pence).    Madam Speaker, again, I am proud to  stand here next to my good friend Dr. Bucshon, who was born in my  hometown of Taylorville, Illinois, raised in Kincaid, Illinois, and  went on to become a heart surgeon.   I don't know if I would trust him operating on me, but, hey, I know a  lot of patients in Indiana did.  [[Page H7291]]    This is a guy who promised to get things done. This project, I can  tell you firsthand, was not moving anywhere until Mr. Bucshon took the  lead. This is why I am proud to be able to recognize him now and thank  him very much for his support of this bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Bucshon).    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.  I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, again, this is a bipartisan success story. This is an  issue so many of us have worked hard on together. To see it pass today  with the support of Republicans and Democrats is something that I can  tell you a few years ago I didn't think would happen.   This is an opportunity, too, for me, again, to thank the hardworking  people in Congressman Shimkus' office.   I remember learning about this project from my fellow staffer who  lived right near the New Harmony Way Bridge, Holly Healy, who gave me  the lowdown on why it was important to pass this legislation. That was  back in 2003.   I am proud to thank Holly today for her dedication and the hard work  that she has done on behalf of Congressman Shimkus over the years.  Today is the day we finally get to make this happen so that bridge can  be repaired and that bridge can be reopened.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   