 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  California (Mr. Rouda).   Madam Speaker, I would like to rise in support of my own legislation,  H.R. 1844, to designate the facility of the U.S. Postal Service located  at 66 Grove Court in Elgin, Illinois, as the Corporal Alex Martinez  Memorial Post Office Building.   Corporal Alex Martinez, a lifelong Elgin resident, wanted to join the  Marine Corps since he was a little boy. From a young age, he yearned to  follow in the footsteps of his father, Enrique Martinez, who was a  longtime Navy reservist, and an aunt who served in the Army.   As a senior in high school, with his whole life ahead of him, he  decided to follow his dreams. He surprised his friends and family by  attending summer school to graduate early, enlist in the Marine Corps,  and marry his high school sweetheart, Juliana Martinez, at the age of  18.   After graduation from basic training, Corporal Martinez was assigned  to the 1st Combat Engineer Battalion, 1st Marine Division, One Marine  Expeditionary Force, where he excelled as a combat engineer. In this  role, he had the dangerous but crucial responsibility to guide ground  forces away from life-threatening obstacles, such as lethal improvised  explosive devices.   In his second deployment on April 5, 2012, a unit that Corporal  Martinez was guiding began receiving enemy fire. Despite facing an  immediate threat to his own life, he continued to calmly and  systematically clear lanes for marines to maneuver against the enemy.   Tragically, Corporal Martinez was killed after an explosive device  detonated in Helmand province. In that moment, Alex Martinez became the  first and only Elgin native to fall in combat since the terror attacks  on September 11.   While in Afghanistan, Corporal Martinez would tell his loved ones his  plans to start a family and to continue his selfless service by  becoming a fireman or a police officer. But as a consequence of his  sacrifices to this great Nation and the people who inhabit it, he never  could pursue those dreams.   Madam Speaker, you and I and the many Members of this Chamber are  fortunate to live in a diverse nation with innumerable freedoms, but we  can only enjoy these freedoms and the peace and prosperity that  accompany them because of the sacrifices made by Corporal Martinez and  the millions of men and women who dedicate their lives to defend our  democracy.   To honor Corporal Martinez's honorable sacrifices to this country, to  recognize the sacrifice of his loved ones, and to express solidarity  with all servicemembers and veterans in the United States, I strongly  urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1844.   