 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, this legislation, along with the other bills that we  have been voting on, is about doing our job.  [[Page H394]]  It is about reopening government. It is about reestablishing Congress  as a coequal branch of government.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan funding bill for  the Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration.   The day before the government shutdown began, the President signed  into law the 2018 farm bill, after much debate and work. As a member of  the conference committee, we negotiated the farm bill in good faith.  Therefore, it has been incredibly disappointing to see the shutdown  prevent key pieces of the legislation from taking effect. Examples of  the impacts in my district are the following.   One such program allows a company in my district to deliver fresh  California produce to our local school districts to improve the quality  of food for the children. This contractor now is not allowed to be  paid.   They are among many of the subcontractors who do business with  governmental entities. Because of the shutdown, the USDA cannot pay  them to provide services, putting in jeopardy the future of their  businesses and people who work for them, and the delivery, in this  case, of healthy fruits and vegetables to our local schools.   Additionally, if the shutdown lingers into March, it is uncertain how  millions of Americans, including one-quarter of my constituents, will  receive SNAP benefits. These are young people; these are elderly; and  these are part of the working poor. The future funding for the Women,  Infants and Children's Nutrition Program is also at risk.    Without passing the bill before us today, valley dairymen and almond  farmers in my district, and many other producers across the Nation,  will not be able to sign up for retaliatory tariff relief payments, and  the impacts of these tariff wars have been significant throughout the  country.   In addition, farmers cannot sign up for newly revamped conservation  programs that I helped pass in the farm bill. These programs are vital  for California agriculture, where farmers work through drought years  and continue their responsible stewardship of the land.    Madam Speaker, farmers cannot sign up for new crop  insurance as well to help them manage risks as we approach the planting  season, and farming is a risky business.   What is more, food safety is put at risk while food inspectors are  forced to work without pay.   Madam Speaker, it is time to pass this bill so that the USDA and the  FDA can go back to work for Americans. We should do our job. It is  irresponsible to shut down government and leverage American citizens in  this fashion.   