 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Engel), the chairman of the committee, for yielding. I thank Mr. Smith  for his career-long advocacy of human rights and protecting the most  vulnerable, not only in this country but throughout the world.   Mr. Smith and I had the opportunity to travel behind the Iron Curtain  when it existed, talking about human rights, talking about the right to  immigrate, the right to worship, the right to freedom of speech. We  talked about the Helsinki Final Act. He and I were both members of the  Helsinki Commission for a couple of decades together. He and I visited  Turkey together, talking about particularly the freedom of the press  and how many members and how many journalists were imprisoned.   Mr. Smith, Mr. Engel, and I, and certainly Mr. Schiff, and so many  others have been supporters of this resolution for a very long time. It  has not come to the floor. One of my duties as the majority leader is  to bring bills to the floor, and I am proud, along with the chairman  and the ranking member, to bring this bill to the floor.   This resolution, Mr. Speaker, recognizes the horrific and systematic  efforts to commit genocide against the Armenian people a century ago.  There can be no denial of the Armenian genocide, which is evidenced by  historical documentation and the emotional scars still borne by the  descendants of its survivors. It was a campaign of ethnic cleansing  committed by the Ottoman Empire during and after the First World War,  and it led to the deaths of 1.5 million Armenians alongside other  targeted groups.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Smith referenced Ambassador Morgenthau, who was our  Ambassador at this period of time. He said this: ``When the Turkish  authorities gave the orders for these deportations, they were merely  giving the death warrant to a whole race; they understood this well,  and in their conversations with me, they made no particular attempt to  conceal the fact.''   He went on to say: ``I am confident that the whole history of the  human race contains no such horrible episode as this.'' Of course, we  were, tragically, to see an even greater Holocaust, in terms of numbers  of lives lost, just some 30 years later.   In addition, Mr. Speaker, the British Ambassador to the United  States, in an October 1915 speech, said this: ``The massacres are the  result of a policy which, as far as can be ascertained, has been  entertained for some considerable time''--I want to read this  language--``considered for some considerable time by the gang of  unscrupulous adventurers who are now in possession of the Government of  the Turkish Empire. They hesitated to put it in practice until they  thought the favorable moment had come, and that moment seems to have  arrived about the month of April.''   The reason I bring that up is this resolution is not anti the present  Turkish Government. The sanctions bill will stand for that. This is  about something that happened historically, that if not recognized may  well happen again. When you say, ``Never again,'' you must recognize  what the ``never again'' is.   I have talked to Turkish Ambassadors and others for over a quarter of  a century as a Member of the Congress of the United States and said to  them this is not about your government; this is about, as the British  Ambassador says, a gang of thugs who took over your government over 100  years ago.   I regret that our Turkish friends have not recognized this as our  German friends have recognized their genocide and said this was wrong  because if they tell their people this is wrong, it is more likely that  it will not be repeated.   Mr. Speaker, as the House joins in condemnation of that genocide and  memorializes its victims, let us also keep our attention focused on  populations today that are being subjected to ethnic cleansing and  forced relocation. From the Rohingya to the Uighurs,  [[Page H8562]]  from the people in Darfur to the Kurdish population being forced from  their homes in Syria as we speak, we must declare, loudly and clearly:  Never again. Never again. Sadly, ``never'' is now.   In particular, our Kurdish allies, who fought so courageously to help  us defeat ISIS, are being forced to leave their homes by Turkey's  campaign to seize control of northern Syria. Let today's action in this  House be a reminder, Mr. Speaker, to President Erdogan and his  government: The United States is watching. The American people will not  turn our eyes away. Neither will we turn our eyes away from the  millions of others in Syria who have been displaced and the hundreds of  thousands who have been killed, who have been bombed, gassed, and  brutalized by the Assad regime and its enablers.   That is why it is important to recognize the genocide perpetrated  against the Armenian people so that we will recognize other such  actions, which because of their race or their color or their ethnicity  or some other distinction subject them to mass murder.   Mr. Speaker, we need to let the American people's Representatives  give a clear message to our Armenian brothers and sisters, to our  Kurdish brothers and sisters: We see you. We will not abandon you.  Never again.   