 Mr. President, during the recent government shutdown,  there were a lot of budget issues that were negotiated. It was a wide- ranging bill of over 1,000 pages, when it was all said and done, but  the most contentious number in all of the negotiations circled around a  barrier on our southern border in the highest drug trafficking corridor  in the country.   The President requested $5.7 billion to build a barrier fence in 10  locations that the Customs and Border Patrol had identified as the top  10 points of illegal drugs entering our country. That study had been  requested by Congress before they fulfilled that study of identifying  the highest profiled drug trafficking corridors. They brought that back  to Congress. The President then requested funding to build fencing in  those areas of the highest trafficking areas.   His request was not for a 2,000-mile-long wall. It was only to  replace some of the sections of the 650-mile-long barrier that already  exists--areas that were old and ineffective--or to put new fencing in  high drug trafficking areas.   In a highly partisan debate, Congress eventually appropriated $1.375  billion to DHS for the construction of additional barriers. It is not  even close to what the President and what Customs and Border Patrol  said they needed to protect the Nation and members of law enforcement.   During those negotiations, the President announced he would declare a  national emergency if he didn't get the funds needed to secure the  Nation. At that point, there were two options for people who don't want  the President to secure our border. One was to include language in that  appropriations bill before it was passed to prevent the President from  declaring an emergency action and using any of the funds for that. The  second one was to wait until after the bill was passed and declare a  disapproval resolution to stop the President after the bill had already  passed.   Those who oppose border security chose the second option--to fight  the President after passage, which brings us to today.   After signing the funding bill to reopen the government, to deal with  the humanitarian crisis, and the flow of illegal narcotics coming into  our country, the President declared a national emergency in two areas.  He has over 100 authorities; he declared it in two.   One was this. He wanted to replace some of the National Guard members  with members of the Reserve. You have to declare a national emergency  to call up the Reserve members. So his first request was to call up  some of the Reserves to swap out some of the Guard members who were  already serving at the border.   The second one was that in one of the accounts that deal with  military construction, if needed, he wanted to tap into some of those  funds. He was also very clear. There are four accounts  [[Page S1877]]  they would have access to. Three of them don't need an emergency  declaration. Let me run through those.   The first is the $1.375 billion Congress allocated in the government  shutdown, ending debate. There is no question that $1.375 billion has  been approved by Congress.   There is a second fund where there is $600 million. It is in the  Treasury Asset Forfeiture Fund. That fund specifically notes that those  funds can be used for any reason for Federal law enforcement. It is  very clear. It has wide discretion--any use for Federal law  enforcement. There is no legal question that it can be used by Customs  and Border Patrol or to do construction of any kind of barrier.   There is a third fund that already exists within the Department of  Defense. There are $4 billion set aside in this fund, and it can be  used for wide-ranging issues dealing with counternarcotics. There is no  question the President can act on anything dealing with  counternarcotics with that fund.   In fact, in that fund itself, there is specific language already  included in that--and this is up to $4 billion--saying it can be used  for construction of roads, fences, and installation of lighting to  block drug smuggling corridors across international boundaries of the  United States.   Let me run through this. There is up to $4 billion the President can  ask for that he doesn't have to ask for emergency authority at all on.  That is counternarcotics, counterdrug smuggling. There are $600 million  that have been allocated that the President can use because it deals  with law enforcement. There is $1.375 billion that Congress also  allocated. There is no legal question on any of those.   At the tail end of that, the White House has also said, after all  three of those funds are expended--which, by the way, those three funds  exceed the $5.7 billion the President says he needs--the President's  request is, if we go through all of those, and we are not able to close  that section down, at some future point, he wants to be able to access  this other fund.   They have also made it very clear it would be past October. That  would not even be in this fiscal year. So really the debate about  funding is next year's issue, what is called the 2808 funding on  military construction.   That leads us again to this. An emergency declaration really has two  questions in it. Is it an emergency, and does the President have  statutory authority to take this action? Those are the only two  questions on the table.   Is it an emergency is in dispute. There are some folks who would say:  I don't think what is going on at the border is an emergency. There are  some folks--some in this Chamber and some in the other Chamber--who  want to abolish ICE, dismantle a wall, and open the borders.  Thankfully, that is a small group of people who do not see our national  security as important.   For the vast majority of people, they do see an importance in  Congress working on national security and securing our borders. Then we  have the argument about how serious is this.   I have had folks who have said to me: It is really not that bad  because we have individuals coming but not as high of a number as what  it used to be. Twenty years ago, we even had more people crossing the  border illegally.   That is not the question that is in front of us. The request from  Customs and Border Patrol is specifically for the 10 areas with the  highest drug trafficking along all of our southern border. That is the  request.   The question is, Do we have an emergency dealing with illegal drugs  crossing our border after the Customs and Border Patrol has said to us  that we need barriers to slow down the flow of illegal drugs? Are they  right or are they wrong?   Among those areas, right now the Rio Grande Valley sector is the  highest area for movement of illegal drugs crossing into our country.  It is 16 percent of the border miles, but it is 40 percent of the  illegal border and illegal drug trafficking coming in.   Last year, just in that one sector, 550 pounds of methamphetamine  were seized. This is not at the port of entry. This is between ports of  entry, in that open area that doesn't have a fence. There were 550  pounds of methamphetamine seized. There were 1,500 pounds of cocaine  and 64,000 pounds of marijuana that were seized in that one section  without a fence.   The question is, Is that an emergency?   Last year, 70,000 Americans died from overdoses from drugs that came  from and through Mexico--70,000. If we had any--any--issue in America  where 70,000 people died, I can assure you this Congress would stand up  and say we have an emergency, but, for some reason, there is a dispute  on whether it is important we stop the flow of illegal drugs coming  from Mexico into the United States. I don't think that should be in  dispute.   To give an example of how fast this is changing and how much of an  emergency this is, people would say: This has been going on for years.  Why is it different now? Just in the last 2 years, between ports of  entry--again, not at the ports of entry but in that open area where  there is no barrier. Last year, our Customs and Border Patrol seized  388 pounds of fentanyl. That may not sound like much, but only a couple  of grains of it--as in a couple of grains of sand--is enough to kill a  person.   Fentanyl is highly addictive and an exceptionally powerful drug. It  is 100 times more powerful than morphine. It is being laced into heroin  and laced into cocaine. It is a mass killer.   Last year, almost 25,000 people in the country died from an overdose  of fentanyl. Knowing it only takes two or three grains to be too much  to kill a person, 388 pounds of it were seized between ports of entry  along our border.   To tell you how it has accelerated, in 2 years, that is a 269-percent  increase of fentanyl being captured between ports of entry.   Yes, we have an emergency. Yes, we have people dying in this country  due to overdoses from fentanyl, heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine,  and the problem is not static. The problem is accelerating.   Last year, we had one of the highest--highest--rates of cocaine being  picked up between ports of entry that has ever existed in our country.   Last year, U.S. Customs and Border Patrol seized a total of 11,000  pounds of methamphetamine coming across that border. That is the  highest year ever of that drug coming across our border.   Undeniably, there is an emergency. The question is, Do we agree or  disagree that when the statute says a President has the ability to do a  construction, it means he can also construct a barrier? I believe it  does.   We have those two questions. Is it an emergency, and does the  statutory authority exist?   Interestingly enough, there are some of my friends who are adding a  third question. Should the President have that authority?   That is a different question, and I understand that question.  Interestingly enough, just a few hours ago, the President of the United  States tweeted out--as he is infamous for doing--if Congress wants to  discuss should a President have this authority in the future, I am open  to discussing that, but that is not pertaining to today.   I think that is an interesting question we should address as a  nation--what and how broad should an Executive authority be for a  President--but the debate we have today is plain and simple. Is it an  emergency, and, under current law, does the President have statutory  authority?   My answer to both of those questions is yes.   I hope we continue to do drug interdiction, continue to work through  the issues that need to be addressed, continue to do recovery, and  continue to help people who are fighting through addiction because we  need a healthy nation and also a secure Nation.   For those 10 areas that are the highest drug trafficking areas in the  entire country, I hope we close those doors, and I hope we protect  lives in the days ahead.   I am going to choose to oppose a resolution of disapproval today that  says the President doesn't have the authority to protect the American  people.   With that, I yield the floor.   