 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for up  to 10 minutes, followed by Senators Whitehouse and Heinrich for 10  minutes each.    Mr. President, I yield the floor to the majority leader.    Mr. President, last year, the United States weathered 14  different disasters costing $1 billion or more, including 2 hurricanes  that cost more than $25 billion in damages. Just in the past 3 years,  the annual average of billion-dollar disasters has doubled compared to  what it has been over the long term. These numbers give us a sense of  what extreme weather and climate inaction will cost us, but the  hundreds of billions of dollars of damages we have seen from extreme  weather over the past few years do not capture the full costs.   An economist named Gary Yohe recently pointed out in a Washington  Post article that extreme weather doesn't simply damage or destroy  property. These events require people, businesses, and government to  take money they would have spent elsewhere and put it toward  rebuilding. So instead of promoting growth or investing in business or  communities, we are treading water by putting billions of dollars into  just rebuilding the status quo. Yohe calculates that if we have similar  extreme weather events over the next 10 years, the U.S. GDP will be 3.6  percent lower. So, in 2029, our economy will be $1 trillion poorer  because of extreme weather and climate change. This is why actuaries  have named climate change the No. 1 risk to North American insurers.  This isn't the Conservation Council for Hawai'i. This isn't the Sierra  Club. This is not the League of Conservation Voters. These are  actuaries. They named climate change the No. 1 risk to North American  insurers. That is why insurance executives are warning that the world  will be uninsurable if climate change accelerates.   Risks that come with climate change--extreme fires and droughts, sea  rise and hurricanes--threaten economic growth and financial instability  across sectors. This is no longer in the future tense. This is no  longer hypothetical. Climate change is happening right now and is  forcing businesses to change their approach right now. In Europe and  the United States, insurance companies have publicly announced they  will no longer do business with mining and coal companies. Alliance,  Chubb, AXA, Zurich, Swiss Re, and others have all decided they can't  insure coal anymore. They can't underwrite or invest in the industry  without taking on too much risk.   This is part of a trend across the private sector and across the  world. Farmers, private equity groups, shareholders, and regulators are  all looking at the economic risks of climate change and changing their  strategies to mitigate these risks. They are worried about the cost of  goods, the profitability of businesses, the stability of the market.  They are worried about the new and growing risk of droughts, floods,  storms, wildfires, and sea level rise because these events reduce the  value of assets. They decrease investment income. They increase insured  and uninsured losses. In other words, they are disrupting our financial  institutions. The health of our financial system is at stake, and the  cost of inaction is higher than the cost of action.  [[Page S4690]]    The U.S. Government cannot be alone. Like the private sector and  other countries, it is in all of our best interests to deal with  climate change and to invest in an energy system for the future. The  best thing we can do that will make the biggest difference is to put a  price on carbon.   The carbon fee is straightforward and it is simple: unleash the  markets to tackle climate change by requiring companies to pay for the  emissions they are responsible for. Senators Whitehouse, Heinrich,  Gillibrand, and I have introduced a carbon pricing piece of legislation  that will allow us to address nearly all greenhouse gas emissions.   Our bill establishes a set of incentives for businesses to stop using  dirty fuels so the free market can compete, innovate, and make money  building the energy future we need.   We also give businesses something they say they crave, which is  certainty. It is challenging to make investment choices when the  private sector is subjugated to the idiosyncrasies of politics. The  last administration had a Clean Power Plan and Paris Agreement and now  there is no Clean Power Plan and no Paris Agreement. In the meantime,  companies are trying to plan a business strategy beyond an election  cycle. A price on carbon put in place by Congress is much more certain  than an Executive order and cannot be overturned or not enforced.   You don't have to take my word for it. The business community is  organizing for a carbon fee for this very reason. Oil companies with  big name brands have joined together to support a carbon pricing  proposal by something called the Climate Leadership Council. One of the  top benefits they cite is predictability.   There are many other things we can do about climate. We can invest in  clean jobs. We can invest in nuclear. We can work on carbon capture. We  can certainly fund innovation. We can do solar and wind. I am for  conservation and efficiency. The point is there is no silver bullet,  but there is silver buckshot. In other words, we are going to have to  do all of these things, and the best way to get all of these things  done is to simply assign a price to carbon and let the market take  over. That is why we should move forward with our legislation.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  legislative fellows in my office be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of this Congress: Allison Hutchings, Chris Thaxton, and Sarah  Eccleston.   