 Mr. President, this Senate Chamber has had a lot of  historic debates. We have considered legislation of great seriousness  and historic importance.   I have been on the floor of the Senate when we voted on going to war.  I can't think of a more serious responsibility that a Member of the  Senate might have. You know that even at the end of a good day,  innocent people are going to die, and you have to cast a vote as to  whether America should make that decision.   I have been here when we passed legislation that really was  transformative in terms of the future of this country. After we went  through the great recession in 2008, President Obama stepped up and  said that we have to do something about reforming Wall Street, and we  did. We spent months in committee hearings and brought to the floor a  bill that is characterized as Dodd-Frank to change Wall Street and to  make sure we never went through that kind of economic crisis again.   I was here when we considered the Affordable Care Act 10 years ago.  That debate went on for over a year, amendment after amendment, change  after change. We were addressing an issue that affected virtually every  single American family, if not directly, then indirectly.   Those are the types of things that have been debated on the floor of  this Chamber. But look at it now. It is empty. It is so underutilized  that for hours and hours each business day, we come to the floor to  make little speeches. At best, we are going to have a vote or two on  another nomination from the Republican side, usually a controversial  nomination, and that is it. That is it.   When you think of all of the possibilities of what we could do in the  U.S. Senate Chamber for the good of this country, it seems like a  terrible waste of space and a terrible waste of time. Men and women who  made great personal sacrifices to run for the U.S. Senate and who serve  in this Chamber find themselves in an empty Chamber, by and large, with  nothing going on.   If you want to see some action, switch your C-SPAN channel over to  the House of Representatives. In that  [[Page S3177]]  Chamber, with a Democratic majority, they are actually legislating.  That is right. On Capitol Hill, one of the branches of Congress is  actually passing legislation. Students ought to see it so that they  know what it looks like.   Don't look here because we don't do that anymore. We don't spend our  time dealing with legislation in the U.S. Senate--only with lifetime  appointments to the Federal bench that Senator McConnell and the  Federalist Society approve.   Let me give you an example of something that happened in the House,  an opportunity for the Senate. It is about the Affordable Care Act.   The Affordable Care Act passed under President Obama 10 years ago. It  really changed the way we sold health insurance in America. Before the  Affordable Care Act, health insurance companies could, and often did,  use people's medical history to deny coverage or to charge premiums  they couldn't afford to pay for.   What type of preexisting condition caused people to be rendered  essentially uninsurable before the Affordable Care Act? Asthma,  diabetes, allergies, high blood pressure, arthritis, a history of  cancer, or even being a woman--that was considered a preexisting  condition. It raised your premiums and maybe even denied you coverage.   More than 133 million Americans out of some 360 million in this  country have a preexisting condition. Five million of them are from my  home State of Illinois. I bet even more are from the State of Florida.   Before the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies used to use that  medical history against individuals and families. The Affordable Care  Act said, enough of that discrimination against people who have  preexisting medical conditions. That bill, that law, prohibited  insurance companies from denying coverage to people with preexisting  conditions or from trying to charge them higher premiums because of it.   For the past 2 years, President Donald Trump has had a single focus  on eliminating the Affordable Care Act and the protections I just  described. He has attempted in every way possible to eliminate  protection for 133 million Americans with preexisting conditions. He  even brought it to the floor of the U.S. Senate early in his  Presidency.   I will never forget that night. It was early in the morning, and it  was a seesaw vote back and forth as to whether we were going to repeal  the Affordable Care Act. The Republicans, who had been decrying this  for 10 years, couldn't wait to repeal it, but they had nothing to  replace it with. So at 2:30 in the morning, through that door walked a  man whom I consider a national hero, a Member of the U.S. Senate named  John McCain. John McCain walked through that door, stood in that well,  and as he could barely move his arm, having had his arms broken as a  prisoner of war, said no. His ``no'' vote, with that thumb going down,  changed history. It kept the Affordable Care Act alive. President Trump  failed, and he has never forgiven that great hero John McCain for  stepping up for the good of this country and voting no against the  repeal of the Affordable Care Act.   The President did not quit with that legislative effort. He decided  he would try to kill the Affordable Care Act and the protection for  people with preexisting conditions. He would do it in court if he  couldn't do it in the Senate.   President Trump's Department of Justice recently weighed in on a  Texas court case and argued that the Affordable Care Act should be  abolished. If that happened, of course, discrimination based on  preexisting conditions would once again be legal in America.   In July, the court will hear the appeal of this case. If President  Trump has his way, Americans will lose this protection if they have  preexisting conditions. It is just that simple.   Last month, the House of Representatives, not too far away from where  I am standing, decided to do something. They decided to legislate.  Unlike the Senate, they understand that the House of Congress can  actually pass a bill that might become a law. So they had a debate, and  they had a vote. On a bipartisan basis, the House of Representatives,  last month, passed the Protecting Americans with Preexisting Conditions  Act. This bill would prevent President Trump or any President from once  again allowing health insurance companies to discriminate against  people with preexisting conditions. It would affect 5 million people in  my State with preexisting conditions and their families.   Let me tell you about one of them. Her name is Cathy. She is from one  of our suburban towns outside of Chicago--not the town, really--the big  city of Naperville. She wrote me about her kids, especially her oldest  child who has diabetes and the other three children in her house who  have cystic fibrosis. Cathy wrote: ``As a constituent and someone  personally affected by cystic fibrosis, I'm asking you to please  protect access to quality, specialized care for people with pre- existing conditions.''   Think about what that mom has been through with those three kids-- diabetes for the oldest and cystic fibrosis for three of her children.  Can you imagine the sleepless nights, the heartache, and the worry she  and her family have been through because of those kids? Any family who  has ever had a sick kid knows it is a special pain, and Cathy has had  it over and over and over again.   Cathy, I have to say this: The House of Representatives is here to  help you. Sadly, the Senate is not. Under Majority Leader Mitch  McConnell, Republican leader from Kentucky, the Senate is exclusively  considering partisan, controversial, lifetime appointments to the  Federal courts and virtually nothing else--nothing else. The Senate  should be voting on bills that improve people's lives. The Senate could  pass the bill already passed by the House, and I could send Cathy of  Naperville a message: We hear you. We want to help you and your kids.  We don't want you to ever have to worry about health insurance in the  future because the kids were born with these medical conditions.   There are other things we could do. How about this for a radical  idea? Overwhelmingly, the American people, Republicans and Democrats,  say: Congress, would you do something about the cost of prescription  drugs?   What have we done on the floor so far when it comes to the cost of  prescription drugs in the Senate? Nothing. Every single day, if you own  a television, you get to see night ads by prescription drug companies,  and some of them you could repeat right back to them. ``If you are  allergic to Xarelto, don't take Xarelto.'' How would I figure that out?  Do you know the most heavily advertised drug? It is Humira. It is for  an arthritic condition, but it also treats psoriasis. I am learning all  of this because I see these ads over and over and over again. Do you  have any idea how much Humira costs? AbbVie, the company that makes it,  tells you $5,500 a month. Now, if you are crippled with arthritis,  maybe that is what you need and want to do. If you have a red spot on  your elbow from psoriasis, probably not.   So I have a bill that says: Disclose the price of drugs on your ads.  It is not a radical idea, and it is a price that the drug manufacturers  themselves publicize. We are not making it up. Put it on your ad. It is  one step but only one step forward. There are so many things we could  do to deal with the high cost of prescription drugs that we are not  doing on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   Instead, this empty Chamber is for Members of the Senate to come and  give speeches and maybe look longingly across the Rotunda at the House  of Representatives, which is actually legislating. What if we decided  to do something about prescription drug prices? I think America would  be in shock to think that the Senate actually is legislating.   We just had another tragedy in Virginia Beach, another mass shooting.  Twelve innocent people were killed and several others seriously  wounded. We don't know how that will end, but it is already a gross  tragedy. It has been repeated over and over and over in virtually every  one of our States.   Could we take the time on the floor of the Senate to make sure people  with a felony conviction record do not buy guns in America? That is not  too much to ask, is it? Closing that gun show loophole and keeping guns  out of the hands of people who misuse them, we could be doing that on  the floor of the Senate but not with Senator McConnell's agenda. It  doesn't fit. He doesn't have time.  [[Page S3178]]    We could also be reauthorizing the Violence Against Women's Act. It  is a bill that used to pass so easily. Democrats and Republicans agree  that we are against violence involving women. We are not reauthorizing  it. We are not even considering it on the floor of the Senate.   The Senate would be a great place to legislate. It would almost sound  like the movie or look like the movie, ``Mr. Smith Goes to  Washington,'' where people come to the floor of the Senate, elect  Senators, debate issues, vote on amendments, have rollcalls, make  speeches, appeal to the American people, and try to put the majority  votes together. Wouldn't it be a wonderful return to those thrilling  days of yesteryear when the Senate legislated?   But Senator McConnell doesn't have time, no time this year for  legislation. Maybe next year. If he is in charge, maybe never. I urge  Leader McConnell and my Republican colleagues, let's get back to work.  Let's earn our paychecks. Let's use this Chamber for the purpose for  which it was built. Let's actually debate a measure. Don't be afraid to  vote, my colleagues in the Senate. I have done it several thousand  times. It is not that painful. I have constituents who expect nothing  less of us, to see the Senate at work actually legislating on matters  that are meaningful. They realize the Senate has become an empty  Chamber, a legislative graveyard. I am ready to go to work. Perhaps a  few Republican Senators will join the Democrats in actually doing that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr.  Blumenthal), the Senator from New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator  from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders),  and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren), are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr.  Blumenthal), the Senator from New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator  from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders),  and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr.  Blumenthal), the Senator from New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator  from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders),  and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr.  Blumenthal), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Carper), the Senator from  New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from California (Ms. Harris),  the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from Maryland (Mr.  Van Hollen), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Carper),  the Senator from New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from  California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.   