 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise because I love my  country, and I rise now knowing that we are some 69 days since the  Mueller report, which means that we are some 69 days with the President  being above the law since the Mueller report was made public.   I rise today with a special message. This message has to do with  leadership. I rise today with this message, and I would like to harken  back, if I may, to April 16 of 1963. I have my mnemonic notes in front  of me. April 16 of 1963 is when Dr. King wrote his letter from the  Birmingham City Jail.   Dr. King did not wake up one morning and decide: I think I will go  down to Birmingham and get arrested, and I will write a letter from the  Birmingham Jail. That was hardly the case.   Dr. King was responding to a letter from some of the leading citizens  in Birmingham. These were persons who were cloaked with the robe of the  clergy. These are people who had moral positions. They took firm,  hardcore positions when it came to morality.   These were the persons who would set the standards, if you will, and  maintain the standards for morality. There were eight of them. They  decided to write a letter to Dr. King, explaining to him why he should  not do what he was about to do in Birmingham.   By the way, they were also aided and abetted by some of the leading  Negro citizens. In fact, in their letter, they mentioned that we  should--meaning them at that time--allow persons to meet with our  leading Negro citizens--they didn't say ``leading'' but ``our  Negroes''--and let's try to work this out with dialogue.   I marveled at how persons in positions of great leadership with great  responsibility can be so wrong on some of the crucial issues of our  time.   Dear brothers and sisters--I say ``brothers and sisters'' because I  believe that there is but one race, and that is the human race. I think  that all persons are created equal. As Dr. King put it, on God's  keyboard, we are created equal, from a bass black to a treble white. I  think that we are all created equal, and I call you brothers and  sisters.   Dear brothers and sisters, this issue concerning these babies at the  border, I just thank God that the media has finally discovered this  issue and is taking it and bringing it to the forefront, to the extent  that they are. I thank C-SPAN for the opportunity to be heard, C-SPAN  and all the outlets that allow this opinion to be voiced.   I am pleased that this is being taken up now by the major media  because what is happening to these babies at the border is  unconscionable.   Some months ago, after visiting the border, I indicated that the  ASPCA would not allow animals to be housed in the conditions that we  see at the border currently. This is a tragedy not in the making but a  tragedy that continues to exist because of inaction and because of  actions that have been taken by the Chief Executive Officer of the  United States of America in an attempt to deter people from coming to  this country.   How heartless can someone be to use babies as a means of deterring  people from coming to the country?   I am here today because I love my country. I believe that we cannot  allow this to continue. Some 69 days above the law for this President,  he knows that we are not going to do anything. This is why he behaves  the way that he does. He knows that he can do this without guardrails  because, back when he fired Mr. Comey and it was called to our  attention that this was obstruction, we did nothing.   I thank God that Members are signing on now and understand the  importance of it. The question is no longer: Who is going to be among  the first to sign on to impeach? The question is: Who will be the last  to sign on to impeach?   I beg all who have not to please give serious consideration to this  notion that you can be a part of this impeachment because we cannot  allow this injustice to continue.   Finally, I am working on a manuscript, a book, if you will. The title  of it is ``You Can't Walk Back History.''  [[Page H5080]]  You can walk back your comments, but you can't walk back history.   The history associated with this time will be: How did we vote when  we were given the opportunity to vote on impeachable bigotry emanating  from the policy of the Presidency?   There will be more to say and more to come.   