 Mr. President, August is coming quickly. It is the time  that we have a gap in the legislative calendar. As this body knows  well, Congress is in session for 11 months of the year. We have one  month in which we are not in Washington, DC, which gives us the  opportunity to be home and to, quite frankly, catch up with family but  also to be able to travel around our States, see what is going on in  our States, and talk to folks.   I happen to live in an unbelievably beautiful State. In August,  Oklahoma is crazy hot and humid, but it is a great time to get a chance  to see people and to see what is going on.   In just the few weeks around this time period, I have already been to  Ada and Durant and Calera, and I will be heading quickly to Chickasha,  Lindsay, Lawton, Vinita, Miami--that is not ``Miam--ee''; the correct  pronunciation is ``Miam--ah''--Afton, Grove, Jay, Chelsea, Hennessey,  Enid, up to Kaw Lake, and, of course, all around the  [[Page S5228]]  Oklahoma City area and all around Tulsa, to spend as much time as I can  with as many different people as I can to find out what is going on in  Oklahoma. I get this one precious month a year to make sure I have  focus time in the State to see as many people as I can.   I got to thinking about this and the privilege that I have really had  in being able to travel around my State and see so many people and so  many places, to get on Route 66, travel the State from east to west,  and see exactly what is going on.   I have had the opportunity to be out at the E.W. Marland Mansion in  Ponca City. I have had the opportunity to be at Roman Nose State Park  in Watonga. I have climbed up to the top of Black Mesa in Kenton, and I  have been to the lowest point, by sea level, in far southeast Oklahoma  in Broken Bow. I have been out to Mount Scott in Lawton and have  climbed on its tumbled rocks. I have been to the Blue Whale in Catoosa.   I have had the great privilege of getting a chance to walk around  through the Gathering Place in Tulsa. This is an absolutely spectacular  park and gathering place. In fact, USA Today just named it the No. 1  new attraction in America. For folks who have not been to Tulsa or for  the folks who have been to Tulsa before, they need to go back and just  enjoy the Gathering Place.   I have had the opportunity to walk the streets around Black Wall  Street and to visit with the fine folks who are there. I have had the  opportunity to be in Davis at Turner Falls and the Arbuckle Mountains,  and, of course, Falls Creek. I have had the opportunity to be in  Hochatown, which is down near Broken Bow Lake, and the chance just to  enjoy the time there, around the tall trees, in beautiful southeast  Oklahoma. I have had the opportunity to visit Lake Murray State Park in  Ardmore and visit the Ole Red restaurant in Tishomingo. I have driven  the Talimena National Scenic Byway in the fall and have seen the  spectacular scenery in those mountains. I have been to the Robbers Cave  in Wilburton and the Ouachita National Forest in McCurtain County.   I have had the opportunity to walk around through the Heavener  Runestone area and see the Norse Viking carved stones that are there in  eastern Oklahoma. I could see, most definitely, by far, amongst those  high trees and those rolling hills, that I wasn't the first person to  go there.   I have been to the Round Barn, off Route 66 in Arcadia. I have  stopped to get a great hamburger at Pop's, which is there on Route 66.  I have quietly stood at the national Oklahoma City Bombing Memorial in  downtown Oklahoma City, and I have seen the amazing western art at the  National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum. I have walked through the  Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame and the Oklahoma Hall of Fame.   You can't go through Oklahoma without stopping at Cattlemen's  Steakhouse and enjoying a great steak or without driving out west to  see the Stafford Air & Space Museum. People who travel to Washington,  DC, go to the Air and Space Museum, and I will often smile at them and  say: Do not miss the Air & Space Museum that is in Weatherford, OK,  because the Stafford Air & Space Museum has a remarkable collection  from a fantastic Oklahoma astronaut.   The Great Salt Plains in Jet and the Oklahoma Territorial Museum in  Guthrie are also really remarkable places.   I do have to brag about a spot because, on my 50th birthday, my wife  surprised me by our taking a trip to the Little Sahara State Park and  the sand dunes in northern Oklahoma. We rented dune buggies and drove  them as hard and fast as we wanted on that day. It was a great day to  just enjoy Oklahoma. It was just like the day I was able to drive to  Pawhuska and eat at the Pioneer Woman Mercantile restaurant and just  enjoy the downtown area.   It is really a fantastic State, and the people and the places that I  miss while I am here in Washington, DC, for 11 months of the year I  look forward to getting a chance to see when I get back home in August.  With as much work as we have to get done here--and we still have a lot  of work to get done--we will spend some time on the phone, we will walk  through legislation, and we will continue to do writing. Yet,  thankfully, I will be able to write and spend time on the phone while I  look out my windshield and enjoy some Oklahoma scenery at the same  time.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   