 Mr. President, how do we make our communities, our  States, our Nation, and our planet better for our children? How do we  make it better for our children's children and their children? Isn't  that the task we have in the U.S. Senate, to make things work better,  not worse?   We have this question before us: Do we have a carbon pollution  problem? What is the answer, yes or no? I ask each of my colleagues,  yes or no?   Presiding today is a new Member of the Senate from Florida. I have  been down to Florida. I will tell you that I heard about the rising  seawater polluting the aquifers and creating freshwater supply problems  for communities in Florida. I heard about coastal erosion. I heard  about coral reefs being damaged and the fish offshore. I heard about  the toxic red algae on the gulf side--so toxic it is killing fish and  dolphins and turtles and manatees, and they are washing up on the shore  of Florida on the gulf side.   The people have two problems. The toxic algae is creating breathing  problems, and then there is a stench arising from the dying sea life.  People on the gulf side of Florida say: We have to take inland  vacations.   I know my colleague presiding today knows about these issues in his  State because we see the impacts of carbon pollution and climate chaos  in every single State. We certainly see it in my State. We see it  through the more powerful forest fires--hotter, more acreage, and more  destruction. We see it in the smoke affecting the communities and the  economies throughout Oregon. Of course, we saw the devastating forest  fires in California, wiping out the town of Paradise and afflicting so  many other communities.   It is not just the impact on the natural world; it is the impact on  the people. When you affect the fisheries, you affect the fishermen.  When you affect the forests, you affect the timber industry. When you  proceed to produce conditions of more floods and more droughts, you  affect the farmers and ranchers of America. It is the people of  America.   How about the Panhandle of Florida. It was wiped out by a more  powerful hurricane, driven by those warmer ocean temperatures. What  does one say to them--that there is not an issue; that we don't have a  problem?   The entire scientific community of the world has said you can see the  facts on the ground, but we don't need them to see the facts on the  ground. We see it through the everyday impacts on Americans, on our  farmers, our ranchers, and on our communities plagued by smoke or wiped  out by hurricanes.   So we do have a problem. The answer is, yes, we do have a problem. If  you say there is no problem, then your head is stuck in the tar sands,  and you are failing your responsibility not just as a U.S. Senator, you  are failing your responsibility as a human being. You are failing your  constituents if you think there is no problem, while their lives and  their economy are being so dramatically impacted by this issue.   I ask my colleagues, did you come here to fail your constituents, to  fail as a Senator, to fail as a human being to address this issue? Did  you come to fail, or did you come to take on the issues that face us  and build a better world for your children?   If you believe there is a significant challenge, what are you doing  about it? What actions are you planning? Because if you believe there  is a problem and you are not putting forward a plan to address it, then  your leadership is a failure.   So we have a choice on the Republican side of the aisle. Is it that  you are too obsessed with the power of the Koch Brothers to address the  needs of the citizens of the United States of America, that you have  your heads stuck in the tar sands? Is that the issue, or is it that you  want to sit on the sidelines? You know there is a problem, but you want  to sit on the sidelines and do nothing, in which case you are a failed  leader.   So how about reject ignorance, and how about reject failed leadership  and come together to make a better world for our children. That is what  we need to do, all of us, together, because the impacts we see from  carbon pollution and climate chaos--those are not impacts affecting  blue America or red America; they touch the lives of every citizen, no  matter which political party they belong to. It is going to affect  every child we have now and every child born in the future, whether  they register as a Democrat or a Republican. We have already wasted  decades in getting at this issue. Let's waste no more time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   