 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on behalf  of Senator Hollings' passing, along with my colleague Senator Scott  from South Carolina.    Thank you.   Mr. President, Senator Scott and I have come to the floor today to  recognize a legend in South Carolina and this body, Senator Fritz  Hollings, who passed away on April 6 in Isle of Palms, SC. He was 97.  He loved Isle of Palms. That was his place to be.   He was born in Charleston, SC, in 1922. He graduated from the Citadel  in 1942. He attended the University of South Carolina School of Law. He  served as an artillery officer in World War II, earned a Bronze Star,  and finished with the rank of captain.   He was in the State house of representatives from 1949 to 1954. He  became our Governor in 1958 at age 36. He shepherded South Carolina  through the turbulent times of the civil rights movement. He urged the  legislature to follow the law after Brown v. Board of Education.   He established the best technical college system in the country. We  say that with great pride. It was Fritz Hollings who was the father of  the South Carolina technical college system, which has resulted in  thousands of jobs being created and educational opportunity for  millions in our State.   When he was a Senator, they called him the Senator from central  casting. He looked the part, he acted the part, and he sounded the  part. He was the junior Senator for 36 years, I think, in South  Carolina, with Senator Thurmond being the senior Senator. When Senator  Thurmond retired, I was honored to be able to take his place, and Fritz  was my senior Senator for 2 years.   I just want to thank him and recognize what he did for me to become  established in the Senate. He was kind. He was gracious. We did not  agree on policy, but he could not have been a better friend.   I spent half of my time trying to interpret what he was saying on the  floor. I caught about every third word. He has this Charleston accent  that even I couldn't understand at times.   Nobody enjoyed their job more than Senator Hollings. Nobody was ever  better at it. When it came to South Carolina, Senator Hollings was able  to move mountains. He was the chairman of the Commerce Committee and  the Budget Committee.   He was one of the great environmentalists of our time. The ACE Basin  in South Carolina is a beautiful place along the coast where three  major rivers come together. It was Senator Hollings who established  that, now and forever to be preserved. He helped establish NOAA, which  has done so much for our oceans.   He was part of the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Balanced Budget Act. He was  always trying to keep our fiscal house in order.   He was a champion of the military. Being a World War II veteran  himself, he always looked out for those in uniform. Senator Thurmond  and Hollings were giants of their time, and they  [[Page S2407]]  really made a difference for our State and for the country as a whole.   When it comes to his distinguished career in the Senate, Fritz  Hollings was at the top of anybody's list. He served for 38 years.   He was a tireless advocate for the hungry--for hunger. He was trying  to combat hunger and poverty before it was cool. He traveled all over  this world to try to spread the good news about America.   After Senate life, he established the Hollings Center for  International Dialogue to create exchanges in dialogue between the  United States and mostly Muslim populations. He was ahead of his time  there. For us to win this war on terror, we have to side with people in  the faith who reject radical Islam, which the overwhelming majority of  people reject, and Fritz understood that.   He was a great husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather.  He was my friend.   He had the eighth longest tour of duty in the U.S. Senate in the  history of the body. Yesterday, with Senator Scott's help, we passed a  resolution unanimously--every Senator signed on--honoring the service  of Senator Hollings.   There are so many friends of his in this body. The staff and former  Senators all will tell you that Fritz was a force of nature. He had  strong opinions. He would share them with you whether you asked him or  not. He knew what he was talking about. He was prepared. He was a  fighter for his causes. He was willing to die for his country. Now he  has passed, and the legacy for the people of South Carolina will be  enduring.   Our beaches and our oceans and our mountains and our rivers are  better off for his service. Our educational system stands out on the  technical school side because of his vision. He shepherded us through  very turbulent times during the civil rights movement, where other  States were literally on fire. South Carolina had problems, but they  paled in comparison to most because of Senator Hollings' leadership.   He was a lawyer. He loved the law. He was my friend. Senator Scott is  from Charleston, and both of us have a tough act to follow when it  comes to being Senators in South Carolina. Senator Hollings' way was to  fight for your causes, work across the aisle, know what you are talking  about before you speak, and try to do it with good humor. What more can  you say? From the time he was a young man in Charleston until he passed  away on April 6, he was always fighting for his causes. He loved his  State. He delivered for the people of South Carolina.   When it comes to the Senate, he was a legend. His presence was felt  up here. His legacy is enduring. He fought the good fight. He was a  faithful servant, and now he will enjoy an eternal rest. To his family,  I know you are grieving, but you have much to be proud of. To the  people of South Carolina, it is not about being a Republican or a  Democrat in terms of service; it is about how much you love your State.  No Republican and no Democrat ever loved South Carolina more than Fritz  Hollings, and no Senator has ever made more of a difference than  Senator Hollings.   So Senator Scott and I will do our best to keep up this good man's  legacy. We will have different policy choices, and we will go down a  different political path, but we will be ever mindful of the way we do  our job. The way we do our job matters as much as what you do. Let it  be said that when it came to doing his job, Fritz Hollings did it  professionally, effectively, and with love and passion.   I now yield to Senator Scott of South Carolina.   