 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment to H.R. 1, the For  the People Act of 2019, that I have offered with my good friend from my  neighboring district, Congressman Ted Deutch.     Mr. Chair, the right to vote is sacred and fundamental.  Yet across this country, in particular in my home State of Florida,  voters were denied their right to vote because of penmanship.   In the wake of the 2018 midterms, Florida's signature matching law  was deemed unconstitutional because it allowed county election  officials to reject vote-by-mail ballots for mismatched signatures,  with no standards, an illusory cure process, and no process to  challenge the rejection.   Ballots being rejected because of perceived signature mismatch  heavily affect voters already at the margins: trans and gender- nonconforming people, people with disabilities, people for whom English  is a second language, military personnel, and women.   I am very pleased to see that H.R. 1 would protect voters' due  process rights when it comes to signature matching laws by requiring  proper notice and an opportunity to cure.   My amendment, amendment No. 4, builds on that by requiring States to  submit a report to Congress after the end of a Federal election cycle  regarding the number of ballots invalidated due to a discrepancy in a  voter's signature, the attempts to contact voters to provide notice  that a discrepancy exists between the signature on the ballot and the  signature of the voter on the official list of registered voters, and  the cure process and results.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my good friend's  suggestions, but this is my amendment. I didn't have anything to do  with ballot harvesting, and I imagine that there are others who are  going to address that particular subject.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren), the chairman of the committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   