 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 759,  the Ysleta del Sur Pueblo and Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas Equal  and Fair Opportunity Settlement Act.   As a Representative with more Tribes in my district than any other  Texan, it is my solemn obligation to fight on behalf of Texas' native  people.   I am a proud Texan, and there is no greater State in the Union, no  prouder people than we Texans, and for all the blessings bestowed upon  the Lone Star State, we still fall short in our efforts of providing  true economic stability to our Native American Tribes.   The Ysleta del Sur Pueblo are the oldest community in the State of  Texas claiming a governing body since 1682.   During the Texas Revolution, it was the Alabama-Coushatta of East  Texas who provided refuge, food, and medicine to the great Sam Houston  and his army. Their story is sewn into the fabric of Texas' history.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 759 is not about whether one agrees or disagrees  with gambling. This bill isn't about gambling. It is about letting two  Tribes in two of Texas' most economically distressed zones engage in  what every other Tribe in America engages in. This bill would allow  these two Tribes in Texas to do bingo.   That is it. Not blackjack. Not poker. Not craps. Just bingo.   For too long, the Alabama-Coushatta and the Tigua Tribes have been  prevented from achieving self-sufficiency. It is time we right this  wrong.   We will take today efforts to give the Alabama-Coushatta and Ysleta  del Sur Pueblo Tribes a chance to embark on the American Dream. We will  vote to lift their families out of poverty. We will vote to educate  their youth, and we will vote to grow their economies. I am hoping my  432 colleagues say ``yes'' with their vote.   I want to thank the distinguished gentleman from the great State of  Texas, my friend, Dr. Babin, and I want to thank my friends on the  other side of the aisle, Chairman Grijalva and others, because without  them, this would not have happened.   Mr. Speaker, we still work in a bipartisan way here in Washington,  D.C., and the fact that we are going to help these two Tribes support  their community is an example of this today.   