 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the United States-Northern  Triangle Enhanced Engagement Act, for which I am proud to be the lead  Republican cosponsor, and I want to thank Chairman Engel for his  bipartisan work on this very important piece of legislation that was  really the product of a trip that we took down to Latin America.   This bill requires the State Department and USAID to develop and fund  a 5-year strategy to address the drivers of illegal immigration to our  southern border. The bill requires State and USAID to develop annual  benchmarks to track the progress of programs in stemming migration  flows. It requires those to be reported to Congress, increasing our  ability to oversee U.S. foreign assistance to the Northern Triangle.   As Chairman Engel mentioned, we recently traveled to El Salvador  earlier this year and saw the hard work that the U.S. Government is  doing to support international law enforcement investigations to  capture MS-13 gang members. The bill also prioritizes security  assistance to combat transnational crime and to improve security and  counternarcotics efforts at their borders and ports.   This legislation also supports the amazing work of faith-based  organizations that are engaged with the private sector to provide  employment for youth and prevent them from joining gangs.   This bill builds on existing efforts to increase coordination with  Mexico in our shared efforts to curb illegal migration, spur economic  development, and combat corruption in the Northern Triangle.   I understand and share the President's frustration with the continued  stream of migrants to our southern border, and as a native Texan, I  understand the unique challenges caused by illegal migration to our  border. Addressing this problem requires a comprehensive solution and  utilizing all tools at our disposal, including foreign assistance,  which should be used.   I also agree with the President that the governments of the Northern  Triangle countries can and must do more to address the drivers of  migration. This bill includes conditions that these governments must  meet to receive assistance and requires the State Department to engage  with these governments to track and ensure they are doing their part to  address the crisis.   Lastly, the bill authorizes targeted sanctions against individuals  engaged in corruption that impacts the Northern Triangle, and so I urge  my colleagues who believe that we must do all we can to address this  humanitarian crisis on the border to support this legislation.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. Engel, for his  ongoing bipartisan work on this committee. I think we are probably the  most bipartisan committee on the Hill, and I know Mr. Engel and I are  both very proud of that accomplishment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, the United States Agency for International Development  does an incredible job of providing lifesaving humanitarian assistance  to vulnerable people all around the globe.  [[Page H5787]]    I want to take this opportunity to commend our former colleague,  Administrator Mark Green, for his hard work at USAID. I have had many  constructive conversations with him since becoming the lead Republican  on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I look forward to many more. This  bill is actually his idea.   While the primary goal of such assistance is to save the lives of  people in desperate need, we also want to ensure the recipients know  that it is a gift from the people of the United States of America.   We hear a lot about the need to maximize America's ``soft power.''  There is no better way to win hearts and minds than by saving lives,  feeding hungry children, and helping impoverished populations.   This is why I introduced the Branding Modernization Act, together  with Chairman Engel.   While this bill places no mandates on USAID and maintains the  Administrator's flexibility, it does empower him to brand all of our  humanitarian assistance.   It also expands the tools and logos available to the Administrator  for implementing a comprehensive branding strategy.   Finally, it requires an audit by the agency's inspector general to  ensure that our personnel are complying with branding regulations.   This bill represents smart diplomacy, good governance, and the true  compassion of the American people. I believe it deserves our unanimous  support.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Engel again for working with  me, as usual, on this bill as well as many others, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   