 Madam Speaker, I will admit I am a little bit confused  here today because the part of the rule package that we are debating  was already passed by the Democratic majority last week. So why are we  here again?   I hear some people say: ``I stand in strong support of this.'' Well,  good. You did last week, too.   I suspect some see it as trying to falsely claim that Republicans are  opposed to protecting Americans with preexisting conditions. I  guarantee you, as a doctor, there is no part of me that doesn't want  people in America to have insurance and coverage for their conditions.  There is no part of me. In fact, it is just the opposite.   Just last week, in one of our first votes this year, every Republican  in this Chamber voted for the House to take action this month that-- word for word, our Republican amendment said--``guarantees no American  citizen can be denied health insurance coverage as the result of a  previous illness or health status'' and ``guarantees no American  citizen can be charged higher premiums or cost sharing as the result of  a previous illness or health status.''   Curiously, not one of my Democratic colleagues voted for this.   This is only the most recent action of many we have taken to support  and protect Americans with preexisting health conditions in the last  few years.   Rather, this rule package allows Speaker Pelosi to use the U.S. House  as a shield to try and defend the individual mandate, the same mandate  that this very Chamber has already zeroed out.   The individual mandate, in its original form, forced Americans to buy  something simply because they are alive, or they will be penalized.  This said that Congress has the authority to penalize Americans for not  buying something, penalize you just because you are alive. How is that  for freedom?   By the way, there is a difference between dismantling a flawed bill,  the flawed Affordable Care Act, and mending its every flaw, which we  have tried to do and, in some cases, we have done.   But going back to the rule, this takes away each Member's right to  vote on how we want the House to engage in litigation. Rather, it gives  more power to one person and takes power away from this body as a whole  to have a say in the matter.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this title of the rules package. It is  bad policy, bad posturing.   And since this vote is a repeat, I repeat: Republicans are and have  been and have supported and have voted for coverage for Americans with  preexisting conditions, period.   