 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Carter for his  leadership as a community pharmacist.   You and I have worked together in different cities but on the same  projects trying to help patients out. And here we are gathered in  Congress now for this same purpose.   I thought I might talk about Alzheimer's disease for a little bit  this evening.   It is hard to imagine that over 5 million Americans have Alzheimer's  disease. And I bet there is not a person in this room, a person at home  watching, that doesn't have a loved one that they have watched them  suffer and go through the stages of Alzheimer's disease--5 million  Americans. And it is hard to imagine, in three decades we are going to  have 14 million Americans with Alzheimer's.   For the sake of humanity, we need a drug to cure this. And you and I  both know that we are truly this close, that there are medications in  the pipeline that are going to help treat Alzheimer's.   The economic impact of this disease on our country is also  extraordinary. Right now, we are spending about $300 billion a year  treating Alzheimer's patients. Again, in three decades, it is going to  be over a trillion dollars a year. A medication that would cure  Alzheimer's is going to save this country, literally, trillions of  dollars.   When I go back home, people ask me a couple of things. Number one is,  they want us to lower the cost of healthcare, to lower the cost of  prescription drugs. But they also want us to balance the Federal  budget. If we are ever going to be able to balance the Federal budget,  we have to start driving the cost of healthcare down. And innovation is  the way that we are going to do this.   I hope everybody understands that the Democrats' H.R. 3 does just the  opposite. By their price fixing, they are going to stop innovation.  Drugs that are going to cure Alzheimer's are never going to come, and I  haven't even started talking about hepatitis.   When you and I were in college, and in medical school and pharmacy  school, there weren't cures for hepatitis, but now we have vaccines for  it. Hepatitis C was a death sentence. Now we have medication, a  medication you take, one pill a week for 12 weeks--95 percent cure of  hepatitis. So that patient that was going to end up with a liver  transplant that was going to cost $500,000, we have cured them with an  outpatient medicine.   I think about all the cures for cancer, CAR-T cell therapy, new  innovations out there, spinal muscular atrophy--so many things-- cortical blindness. For the sake of humanity, we cannot let H.R. 3  happen.   We need H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act. That is what is  going to drive down the cost of healthcare and bring great solutions,  great new innovation to this country.   And again, Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Carter for leading on  this very important issue.   