 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1595, the SAFE Banking Act.  The bill provides a limited safe harbor for banks and credit unions to  open and maintain accounts for marijuana-related businesses and other  nonmarijuana-related businesses.   I personally oppose recreational marijuana. But for me, this bill has  nothing to do with the larger debate about marijuana and whether it is  a good or bad thing. Instead, I am narrowly focused on the public  safety aspects of this bill. The inconsistencies between State and  Federal law have created a situation where a growing number of State- regulated businesses are operating on a cash-only basis. As a result,  they sit on large pools of cash that make them a magnet for violent  robberies.   The transactions of cash-only businesses are not subjected to  rigorous anti-money laundering or know your customer requirements that  would be required for bank account holders. This makes it difficult for  regulators and law enforcement to trace transactions or to freeze  money.   The SAFE Banking Act will make our communities safer by getting cash  off the streets and into regulated financial institutions, so we can  root out fraud and other illegal activity. The bill also extends the  safe harbor to any proceeds indirectly received from these businesses  such as a hardware store down the street or the landlord of these  businesses.   Importantly, the SAFE Banking Act does not change the legal status of  marijuana. Additionally, H.R. 1595 also includes provisions that would  prevent financial regulators from denying or discouraging access to the  banking system for other legal businesses as happened in 2014 through  2016. This protection is a major protection for other legal businesses.   I want to thank Mr. Perlmutter and Mr. Heck for their incredible  advocacy on this. I want to thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member  McHenry for their honest and hardworking efforts, even when they  disagree. And I want to thank Senator Cory Gardner who has championed  this bill in the Senate.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1595.   