 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to  this rule. The rule demonstrates once again that the Democrat majority  refuses to acknowledge, accept, or address the very real crisis at our  southern border.   New numbers recently came out illustrating the magnitude of the  crisis. CBP detained more than 144,000 migrants in the month of May.  This was the third consecutive month when we had in excess of 100,000  migrants detained at the border: 101,000 in March, 109,000 in April,  and 144,000 in May. We are on track to apprehend over 1 million  migrants this fiscal year, approximately the population of Austin,  Texas.   Smugglers and cartels continue to preach that now is the time to come  to the United States. They call children ``permisos,'' or permits, and  exploit them to get scores of adults unrelated to the children across  the border.   These criminal organizations run an international smuggling operation  filled with misery and abuse. Migrants who survive the smugglers often  arrive in poor health, physically exhausted, and in need of urgent  medical care.   The men and women of CBP are doing the best they can to respond to  this humanitarian crisis, but they have run out of space to safely  house and process the unprecedented numbers of family units seeking  entry into the United States. In the next couple of weeks, Health and  Human Services will run out of funds to feed and shelter the vulnerable  unaccompanied children.   Four weeks ago, the President and Congress sent an urgent request for  supplemental appropriations to address this crisis. Ranking Member  Granger and I filed an amendment to the minibus which would have  provided the $4.5 billion requested by the President.   It would have replenished critical funds needed to feed and shelter  migrant families and unaccompanied children. It would have provided  urgent medical care and transportation services, and it would pay the  growing cost of overtime for the men and women of DHS working on the  front lines of this crisis.   Unfortunately, for the third time in the last month, the majority  refused to make our amendment in order. Democrats haven't approved a  dime for this crisis.    Because of the political dysfunction in their  own Caucus, they stubbornly refuse to put forward any solutions. It has  gotten to the point where editorial boards in some of the Nation's most  liberal cities are now calling Democrats out for their inaction.   Democrats need to stop denying the facts and blaming the President  for this crisis. The time has come to face reality and work with the  President and Republicans in Congress to immediately resolve this  humanitarian crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to defeat the previous question on  this rule. If we do that, we can finally bring this critically needed  supplemental funding to the House for a vote.   