 Mr. President, of course, the Senate is back in session  after the August work period, where all of us were able to go home--and  in the case of Colorado, go corner to corner--to visit with  constituents, to have meetings, to talk about those issues that are  concerning to the people of Colorado and what we can do to help provide  solutions to the greatest challenges they see in their lives, their  businesses, and in their State.   It really is a remarkable time to go through such an incredible and  beautiful State. In Colorado and in the West, we are blessed with  amazing beauty and splendor. Our public lands are one of the smartest  ideas this government has ever created over the 200-plus years of our  Nation's history.   To spend time in Southwestern Colorado, down by Mesa Verde National  Park, over by Larimer County and Rocky Mountain National Park, to be on  the Eastern Plains of Colorado, to visit places like the Sand Creek  Massacre site, to reflect on what that dark chapter in our American  history  [[Page S5365]]  meant, to look at what we are trying to do to include Amache, the  Japanese-American internment site, into our National Park Service, it  really is a chance to reflect on the greatness of our country.   This is a State that is composed of almost 50 percent public lands, a  significant number of acres that are controlled, owned, and managed by  the State of Colorado and, of course, a vast amount of acres controlled  and operated by the Federal Government--whether that is the U.S. Forest  Service or the Bureau of Land Management or the National Park Service.   It is the Bureau of Land Management that brings me to the floor of  the Senate tonight.   Prior to our departure for the August work period, an announcement  was made from the Secretary of the Department of the Interior that the  headquarters of the Bureau of Land Management would finally be moving  west and indeed would be moving to Grand Junction, CO.   The Bureau of Land Management manages roughly 250 million acres of  surface lands and surface area in our country, and almost all of it-- over 99 percent--is west of the Mississippi River. You can see the land  that is highlighted in red here. Some of this land is just mineral  rights and not surface land, but over here the vast amount of acreage  is all surface land--some 245-some million acres of land, 99 percent of  which is west of the Mississippi River.   The idea we have been pursuing is that the public lands are managed  better when you manage them from within the communities that those  public lands surround. In the case of Grand Junction, CO, the Bureau of  Land Management--almost 73 percent of Mesa County, in which Grand  Junction resides, is public land. Why not make the decisions facing  these millions of acres of public lands in the West, where the lands  reside, instead of thousands of miles removed in Washington, DC?   Moving the Bureau of Land Management headquarters closer in proximity  to the land it oversees and regulates makes sense. It is common sense-- two things we don't hear very often in Washington.   Moving the BLM is a priority I have been working on for a number of  years, going back to an Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing  with Neil Kornze, then the Director of the Bureau of Land Management  under President Obama. It was a hearing where almost every county  commissioner in the West had objected to a regulation that the BLM was  pursuing, and yet the BLM continued to pursue it.   I remember being frustrated in this hearing and finally saying to  Director Kornze: If you were just located in the West, if you just had  your BLM offices in the West, your headquarters, you would understand  why this is a bad idea.   At the time, he kind of laughed and said: Well, we should think about  that.   Do you know what? We did, and I am pretty excited to say that in just  a couple of weeks, we will be signing the lease for new office space in  Grand Junction to house the headquarters of the Bureau of Land  Management.   This is not--and I think this is important because this seems to get  lost in the day-to-day shuffle of media coverage. This is not a  partisan issue. This is not a Republican-driven idea or a Democratic- driven idea. This is a bipartisan approach that has been embraced by  leaders on both sides of the aisle.   Democratic Colorado Governor Jared Polis in July said of moving the  Bureau of Land Management to Grand Junction that ``we are thrilled to  welcome the Bureau of Land Management and their employees to the great  state of Colorado. As I stated to Secretary Bernhardt many times, Grand  Junction is the perfect location for the BLM because of the community  support, (its) location closer to the land BLM manages and the positive  impact it will have on our western Colorado economy.''   That wasn't a Republican who said that. That was the Democratic  Governor of the State of Colorado embracing the move of the  headquarters of BLM. In fact, we had both Republicans and Democrats  cosponsoring legislation I introduced in the Senate and Congressman  Tipton introduced in the House to legislatively move the headquarters  of the Bureau of Land Management to the West and now in Colorado.   Unfortunately, we are starting to hear some partisan debate, though,  creep into this incredibly important move. What we are seeing in  Washington, of course, are Washington Democrats trying to stop the  process. In the news, we read about Washington bureaucrats who are  opposed to the move, but it is important to realize that this decision  is not about the bureaucrats; it is about the job we are doing to  represent our public lands.   This is an agency that doesn't just work for each other. It is an  agency that works for the people of this country and to do the best job  they can representing and managing our public lands, the public lands  they are charged to manage and to protect. Why wouldn't you do that job  from where the public lands reside?   Moving the headquarters to the West will improve support. It will  improve engagement. It will improve oversight. It will improve  collaboration with western Governors whose States, in some cases, are  overwhelmingly dominated by public lands. It will improve relationships  with State and local elected officials. It will improve relationships  and management decisions and will work with the Tribes and Tribal  officials and sports men and women and ranchers and grazers and farmers  and recreationalists and energy users.   It will also save States in western communities thousands of dollars  in travel expenses. Imagine, if you live in Colorado and Western  Colorado, that you no longer have to fly thousands of miles to  Washington, DC; that you don't have to buy an expensive round-trip  airplane ticket, spend the night at an expensive hotel, buy an  expensive meal at an expensive restaurant. You get to travel, drive, or  fly--a very short trip--to Western Colorado, with great air service and  great interstate access. You don't have to pay for a Washington hotel  or a Washington meal. These are things you can do when the BLM is  actually located where 99 percent of the land they represent resides.   Under the Department of the Interior's proposal, every western State  will get additional staff. Two hundred ninety-six current Washington  positions will be moved to locations throughout the West. From Alaska  to Arizona, California, Idaho, Montana, the Dakotas, Nevada, New  Mexico, Oregon, Washington, Utah, and Wyoming, all will receive new  staff out of Washington, DC, and onto the public lands they represent,  that they oversee.   For those of us who are routinely in Washington, we will still be  able to get information immediately and meet with officials from the  Bureau of Land Management. The Deputy Director of Policy and Programs  will continue to be located in Washington, along with 60 other  positions that are responsible for budgetary items, legislative  affairs, regulatory affairs, and public affairs. They will still be  here. So it is not like Washington will all of a sudden have no one to  call or no one answering their calls. It is a little bit absurd. It  talks a little bit about the lack of hubris that government has, to  think that only Washington knows best and only Washington can lead, to  think that you can't manage these lands from where they are.   This will improve the management of our public lands, and BLM  employees will see benefits as well. The cost of living for BLM  employees who move from Washington to a State office will be  considerably lower. That will result in a significant increase back  into their pocketbooks.   Leasing costs are also worth raising when we talk about the BLM  headquarters. The BLM compared leasing space for 27 staffers in  Washington versus the leasing space available in Grand Junction, CO.  The difference is $50 per square foot in Washington versus just over  $32 per square foot in Grand Junction.   If you think about what that means, it is a significant savings. You  think about what it means for travel and the cost to taxpayers of  travel expenses for BLM employees. According to the Department, in  fiscal year 2018, BLM employee travel from Washington to the West was  more than $37.2 million. There is no question that these resources  could have been better spent on State offices and field offices that  have been starving for resources for years.  [[Page S5366]]    In its own analysis, the Department of Interior projects that the  total cost over 20 years for the Bureau of Land Management's  headquarters relocation and relocations to other Western States will  have a net savings--get this--of over $123 million. Not only will we  have better decision making and not only will the leadership of an  agency that is the largest holder of public lands and manager of public  lands in the country be located finally in the lands they oversee, with  better decisions coming as a result, but we are going to save $123  million. It is a commonsense move designed to save taxpayer money, and  management decisions will be better by the fact that these lands are  now in their front yard, instead of thousands of miles away, bringing  these decisions closer to the American people.   The only reason to oppose this move is if you don't care about the  people of the Western United States or you don't think somehow that the  people in the Western United States are smart enough to figure out how  to run public lands or manage public lands or maybe you don't think  that Colorado is up to the task of being the headquarters of the BLM  because apparently you don't trust the people in the West. There is no  other reason to oppose this. This is common sense.   Colorado is already home to significant portions of the USGS.  Colorado is already home to NORTHCOM and NORAD. In fact, just today the  new space command, the United States Space Command, stood up in  Colorado Springs at Peterson Air Force Base. Yet, somehow, there are  people--Washington Democrats--who don't think Colorado can handle the  management of our public lands. It is offensive--it really is--to think  that there are people in Washington who think that only Washington can  do this job. It is wrong.   We should stand up against that kind of, I guess, idea that only  Washington can do something and fight back against that mentality.  Colorado is home to significant EPA offices, the National Institute of  Standards and Technology, significant resources of the National Oceanic  and Atmospheric Administration, and the Rocky Mountain Regional Office  of the U.S. Patent and Trademark office. All are in Colorado. With so  many acres of public lands, yes, we can manage public lands, and, yes,  Colorado should be the gateway to our public lands in this great  country and to all of the wonderful access opportunities that means to  our economy, to recreation, to conservation.   Ask any one of the thousands of Federal Government employees  currently living in Colorado if they believe we can do this, and the  answer is a resounding yes. Only in Washington do they think it is only  Washington that can do the job.   Washington bureaucrats and Washington Democrats can oppose Colorado  all they want, but I believe in Colorado. I believe in our ability to  manage these public lands better than they have ever been managed  before. I believe this is the best place in the Nation to manage our  public lands and to house and headquarter the Bureau of Land  Management. As a result, we will have a cleaner and better environment,  more conservation opportunities, and a greater public lands economy as  a result.   I am excited about this future. The people of Grand Junction are  excited about this future. It is far time that we now have a little bit  less Washington and a lot more Colorado common sense.   I yield the floor.   