 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I strongly support this  amendment and the HHS conscience rule.   As a staunch pro-life OB/GYN physician who practiced for over 31  years and delivered nearly 5,000 babies, it sickens me to think that we  would force a healthcare provider to perform a procedure that violates  their conscience or religious beliefs.   Although it may come as a shock to some Democrats to learn that many  providers are pro-life and forcing them to choose between their  legitimate, sincerely-held beliefs and the law is wrong, removing this  rule can't force me or other healthcare providers to violate our  conscience.   This is a simple concept. Doctors and other healthcare professionals  should not be forced to perform or participate in abortions, assisted  suicide, or any other service that would violate their conscience.   Opponents of the HHS rule will tell you that the rule is about denial  of care. They will tell you that the rule is intended to allow  discrimination. There could be nothing further from the truth. The HHS  rule protects healthcare providers from discrimination if they choose  to act according to their conscience.   We have a First Amendment right to practice our religion in America,  and the government forcing someone to act in a way that violates those  beliefs is in direct opposition to the very foundation of our  Constitution.   This is not about forcing a medical provider's religious beliefs or  my beliefs on anyone. This is about not forcing a medical provider to  abandon their beliefs due to an arbitrary government action.   The HHS conscience rule is a moral rule, and I oppose efforts to  block its implementation in this appropriations bill. I encourage my  colleagues to support this amendment.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Chair, I rise today in support  of my good friend from Arkansas' amendment.   This bill contains a line item directing $100 million be spent on the  ACA navigator program. Unless I am mistaken, just last month, House  Democrats decided it was more important to play politics than consider  legitimate, bipartisan proposals to address the constantly increasing  healthcare costs.   Madam Chair, in Tennessee, since the ACA went into effect, our  premiums have gone up in the ACA silo 174 percent. We remember long ago  the claim that the ACA would eliminate constantly increasing healthcare  costs and included $100 million for the navigator program in that bill.    How many times will we go through this exercise before my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle realize this program just doesn't work?   I have never heard of a government program in the history of the  country that suddenly started to work without making any changes by  simply throwing $100 million at it. Madam Chair, we can't do the same  thing over and over again and expect a different outcome.   In plan year 2017, the navigators received $62.5 million and enrolled  81,426 people. With just over 8 million enrollees for 2019, I am not  sure how in the world it makes sense to spend $768 per enrollee to sign  them up. Now House Democrats want to nearly double that money for a  program that has been shown to be ineffective in its sole function,  just to enroll people in the ACA.   With ObamaCare enrollment nearly 20 million people below the original  CBO estimate this year--and over 3 million more people gaining private,  employer-sponsored coverage over the last 2 years because of the strong  economy and job market--we should be using this money for programs that  actually work.   I support this amendment that eliminates this line-item funding  mandate because I offered a similar amendment that Democratic  leadership decided was not in order. It would have moved the money from  the navigator program to the substance abuse treatment fund, allowing  additional grants to treat those suffering from substance abuse  disorders, which actually would save lives.   Madam Chair, let's stop wasting time and money on programs that don't  work and support those that do. I ask my colleagues to support this  amendment.   