 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I don't see the Senator from Kentucky on  the floor, but I will speak briefly in opposition to it as I know many  others feel the same.   His amendment will slash spending below the Bipartisan Budget Act,  which we all negotiated, by over $14 billion.   To give you some examples, the U.S. Census Bureau would be $3.8  billion below the fiscal year 2020 bipartisan level, making it  impossible to hold an accurate and complete count. It would severely  compromise the Federal Government's ability to fight wildfires and  safeguard people's lives and property. All you have to do is look at  the tens of thousands of acres in California, Arizona, and Colorado to  see what that would do. We have $3.6 billion to fight wildfires. He  would reject those increases and then cut them by $1.6 billion. It  would cut available funding for our Nation's roadways and bridges by  over $1.5 billion. It would eliminate the potential of there being  19,500 new jobs and a whole lot of other things.   Mr. President, the Paul amendment would slash spending below the  Bipartisan Budget Act by over $14 billion.   Under the Paul amendment, the Bureau of the Census would be $3.8  billion below the fiscal year 2020 funding level in the Senate bill. At  this funding level, it would not be possible to hold an accurate and  complete count.   The Paul amendment would also severely compromise the Federal  Government's ability to fight catastrophic wildfires and safeguard  people's lives and property at a time when tens of thousands of acres  in California, Arizona, and Colorado are ablaze. The fiscal year 2020  Senate bill provides $3.6 billion to fight wildfires and access. The  Paul amendment would reject those increases and reduce the amounts  provided for fire suppression by $1.6 billion.   The Paul amendment would cut available funding for our Nation's  roadways and bridges by over $1.5 billion, eliminating the potential  for 19,500 new jobs and exacerbating the $123 billion backlog of bridge  repairs and replacement of 47,000 structurally deficient bridges.   These are just a few examples of the real world implications of the  Paul amendment. I urge all members to vote no.   Mr. President, if nobody seeks time, I yield back all time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   