 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that  would allow the Federal Election Commission to represent itself in  actions before the United States Supreme Court so that it may fulfill  its role as the people's top election watchdog.   Under current law, the FEC is almost always represented by the  solicitor general when it has business before the U.S. Supreme Court,  effectively removing the FEC attorneys from the process and  centralizing litigation within the Department of Justice.   It is a revelation that troubles me and many and should worry us all.   Unfortunately, we have seen the President use the Department of  Justice and its appointees not to promote truth and accountability, but  as a political tool with which to suppress those who challenge his  unilateral approach to campaigning and governing.   The identity, priorities, skills, and role of lawyers representing  the government play a significant role in determining the nature and  outcome of litigation.   These cases are often charged with partisan politics, and the  American people need an advocate who operates with a degree of  separation from a particular party or administration and can faithfully  execute the unique mandate bestowed upon the FEC.   As the people's last line of election oversight, the FEC must have  the power to act independently in its business before the courts so  that it may hold this administration, and all administrations to come,  accountable to the people, the law, and the Constitution.   My amendment would ensure that it can.   At a time when campaign finance law has become increasingly complex  and dangers of direct conflicts of interest have become more prevalent,  my amendment will strengthen the FEC's enforcement powers and help the  court navigate the increasingly blurry boundaries of what is and what  is not legal during Federal elections by having a subject matter expert  empowered to present arguments.   Mr. Chair, I respectfully urge my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments of my colleague  from Illinois.   However, to say that this weaponizes the FEC I do take exception to  because, indeed, it is just the opposite.   It empowers the FEC to actually do its job, which is to look out for  voters. That is quite simple and quite apparent to me.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lofgren).    Mr. Chair, I want to thank Representative Sarbanes for  his tireless work in bringing this important legislation to the floor  and Chairman McGovern for making my amendment in order.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   