 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman  Adams. Let me just commend her as our leader of the HBCU Caucus up  here. She does a marvelous job, and it is a pleasure to work with her.  And I know all the people of North Carolina are very proud of the  leadership that she is providing.   Madam Speaker, this is a particular honor for me, because I stand  here as a premier example of why our historically Black colleges and  universities are so important.   When I graduated from high school, my mother and father had no money.  I got a job washing dishes in a Daytona Beach hotel, and the people of  Daytona Beach, Florida, got together and raised $350, and they said,  ``Here, go to the college of your choice.'' And thank God there was a  Florida A&M University. And you know what, Madam Speaker? Florida A&M  was on the trimester system. And guess what it cost for one trimester?  $350.   God is wonderful. And God has blessed this Nation because we have a  Florida A&M, a Tuskegee, a North Carolina A&T, a Fort Valley, a  Tennessee State. All of these great institutions to get a way out of no  way for folks just like me.   That is why this is important. I wouldn't be in Congress today if it  weren't for Florida A&M University,  [[Page H9213]]  because that is why I wanted to tell how I got here. And I wouldn't  have been able to meet my loving partner and wife, Alfredia, had it not  been for Florida A&M University.   So what I am saying is: our historically Black universities have  provided the foundation for the Black family structure. That is where  you meet your wife. And I will tell you what, we took a survey one  time, and those individuals that met their wives at college last a long  time. And that is what is so important, in addition to the great  education that we have.   And I just want to say, also while I am here, of the great  achievement that we Members of the Congressional Black Caucus achieved,  a historical event, $80 million in scholarships for the 19 African  American land-grant colleges and universities, a bipartisan historic  effort. And you know what, Madam Speaker, it is in the farm bill now.  Five years from now it will come back. And we have laid the foundation  to make it a permanent appropriation. That is our goal. This floor is  crowded with African Americans who have helped make this dream a  reality.   I am very grateful for all that our colleges have done. And I just  want to say thank God for our historically Black colleges and  universities. And thank Ms. Adams.   