 Madam President, I have come to the floor of the Senate  today to talk about the opioid crisis, to talk about what is happening  out there in our communities and how some of our Federal legislation is  working, and to talk about some good news, which is that there is some  improvement in terms of the overdose deaths we have seen in this  country, but also a warning that although we are finally making  progress on the opioid crisis, we are also seeing other drugs, such as  pure crystal meth, coming from Mexico and other drugs beginning to take  hold in our communities.   So let me start, if I could, by talking a little about what the  opioid crisis has been and what we are doing to address it.   You recall that the last data we had, which is for 2017--over 70,000  Americans lost their lives to overdoses. The No. 1 drug, the No. 1  killer, has been fentanyl, which is a synthetic opioid that, about 4 or  5 years ago, hit our communities hard. Year after year, for 7 or 8  years now, we have seen increases every single year in the number of  people who die from overdoses, which is one way to measure it. Another  way to measure it is just the number of people addicted. That is a  harder figure to find, but that has also increased year to year.   It is devastating communities. The No. 1 cause of death in my home  State of Ohio is opioid overdoses. Among Americans under 50, it is now  the No. 1 cause of death in America.   It also has had many impacts on our health system and on our criminal  justice system. Go to the emergency rooms. Look at our jails that are  filled with people whose crimes somehow relate to opioids. Often, these  are property crimes--people doing something to get the money to pay for  their drugs.   Look at the impact it has had on our families. The foster care system  is overwhelmed. I was with some juvenile court judges today from Ohio  who were telling me that they can't find sponsors, that they can't find  foster parents because the system is overrun with kids whose parents  are addicted to opioids, and they cannot go home, but they need a  loving family.   It has impacted our economy because so many people are now out of  work altogether, aren't even looking for work, and don't even show up  in the unemployment numbers. If you look at the labor force  participation rate being so low--in other words, the number of people  working--the unemployment rate today would not be 4 percent; it would  be more like 8 percent if you just went back to a normal level. And a  lot of that, based on studies done by the Department of Labor and  Brookings and others, shows that the opioid crisis is driving that.   It has impacted us in so many ways.   Here is the exciting news: After 7 or 8 years of increases every year  in the number of people whose hopes are lost,  [[Page S1664]]  whose lives are lost, we are seeing--at the end of 2017 and into 2018,  the initial numbers we have--some improvement. It starts from an  unacceptably high number, so this is not something we should start  congratulating ourselves about, but it is much better, finally, to see  this trend start to reverse.   Preliminary data from the Centers for Disease Control and their  National Center for Health Statistics points to a promising, although  very modest, downturn. They measure drug overdose deaths in 12-month  periods, ending in any given month. The last data we have regarding  predicted deaths was between September 2017 and March 2018, and during  that time period, we saw the number of deaths fall from about 73,000  Americans to 71,000 Americans.   So there is still a crisis that we face as a country, but it shows  that in many States, including Ohio, we are beginning to see a little  progress. Again, this follows a time period where we saw a big increase  due to this fentanyl--the synthetic drug that is 50 times more powerful  than heroin--causing so many of those overdoses.   In fact, in my view, we were beginning to make progress through some  Federal, State, and local policies and also the innovative work of the  nonprofits that were working in our communities. We had begun to see  progress on treatment and prevention and recovery and providing more  Narcan, and then this influx of fentanyl hit us and overwhelmed the  system. Now we are beginning to see--even with the fentanyl still out  there--that we are beginning to make progress.   In Ohio--fentanyl hit our State particularly hard. We had a record  4,800 overdose deaths in 2017, which was a 20-percent jump over 2016's  toll. So it has been tough for 8 years in a row.   What I can report today is that now we are seeing a little progress.  We saw a 21-percent drop in overdose deaths in the first half of 2018.  Again, we have not yet gotten all the numbers for 2018. When we have  all those, I will come back to the floor and talk about them. But for  the first half of 2018, we are getting the numbers in now at about a  20-percent drop.   That was the biggest drop in the Nation, by the way, during the  period from July 2017 through June 2018, according to the Centers for  Disease Control. So that is good, because Ohio has been in the middle  of this. Other than West Virginia, we probably have had the highest  number of overdose deaths on average in the last several years.   Separately, preliminary data from the Ohio Department of Health shows  a 34-percent decrease in overdose deaths from January to June 2018.  Again, those first 6 months, we saw a little decrease, finally--34  percent. That is progress--again, from a high starting point, but I  believe we are headed in the right direction.   Some people have asked me ``Are we ever going to see the end of this  crisis?'' and I have always said yes. There is a light at the end of  the tunnel because we know what we need to do.   We need to have better education and prevention programs to keep  people from falling into addiction in the first place. We need to stop  the overprescribing from our doctors so that people aren't  inadvertently, because of an accident or an injury, taking prescription  pain pills and then becoming addicted and then moving to heroin and  fentanyl and so on and often to overdoses.   We need to do much more in terms of treatment and getting people into  longer term recovery because we know initial treatment is important. In  fact, essential to getting people through the process of coming out of  their addiction is that they have to go through a painful process and  then go into a treatment program. We have also found that longer term  recovery programs are key to people's success--getting back on their  feet, getting back to their families, and getting back to work.   One of the reasons we have made progress is because, as I said  earlier, at every level of government, there has been movement, and  there has been progress made. Here in Washington, in the Congress, we  have done things that are historic. As an example, never before have we  funded recovery--until just a few years ago. We have never had this  much focus on providing the funds for Narcan to be used to help our  first responders and others use this miracle drug to reverse the  effects of an overdose. We have never spent so much money on prevention  and education. And, of course, we have never spent so much money on  treatment.   Several years ago, some of us came together, knowing this crisis was  building, and said: How do we create legislation here in Washington  that can make a difference? Some said it is not really a Federal role.  My view was that the Federal Government has a big role here because it  is a national emergency, a national crisis, but we ought to take the  best information from around the country, find out what the best  practices are, and then help the States by providing funding to  leverage additional funding at the local level, the State level. That  was called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. We spent 3 or  4 years putting it together. We had five conferences here in  Washington. Senator Whitehouse on the other side of the aisle and I are  the coauthors of that legislation.   The first year, we got some money from Congress--$181 million--to  support these treatment programs, education programs, treatment and  recovery programs together, Narcan for our first responders--181  million bucks. The next fiscal year, we got $267 million to fund these  same programs. The next year, 2018, we got $608 million. In 2019, this  year, we got $647 million. So we have increased the funding and  increased the commitment. Why? Because it is working. Because we can  all go home now and look at our States and see where some of this  funding is going and show that through innovation, through doing things  differently, we are beginning to make a difference.   Let me give the best example, perhaps, that I see around the country;  that is, instead of saving someone's life with Narcan and having that  person overdose sometimes again and again--first responders will tell  you that they find it frustrating to save the same people again and  again and not find any route to success. You want to get these people  into treatment. So what we have funded through CARA--the Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act--are these rapid-response teams. So when  somebody overdoses from fentanyl, they don't just go back home or go  back to the old community or the old gang. Instead, somebody visits--a  law enforcement officer, a social worker, a treatment provider. They  knock on the door and say: We want to get you into treatment. We want  to help you. We are here to help. We are not here to arrest you; we are  here to help you.   The success rate is phenomenal--maybe greater than you would think-- because a lot of these people, particularly right after overdosing and  having Narcan applied, saw their lives flash before their eyes, and  they are looking for some help. Probably 8 out of 10 people are not  getting into treatment, so they are looking for an avenue to treatment.   In some places in Ohio, there has been as much as an 80-percent  success rate in getting those people who were virtually a zero-percent  success rate before into treatment programs. Again, they have to be the  right programs, and there has to be that longer term recovery in order  to ensure success, but programs like those are beginning to turn the  tide.   Over the past several months, I have been around the State of Ohio-- as I have done the last several years--and I met with local leaders to  find out what is really going on and how the money is being spent.   A couple of weeks ago, I met local leaders and participants in the  Pathways Achieving Recovery by Choice program. That is a voluntary  recovery program for incarcerated women with substance abuse disorders  and many with co-occurring mental health issues as well. These are  women behind bars who volunteer to go into this program. All of them  are numerous repeat offenders. In other words, these are women whose  chances of being back in the system after they get out is extremely  high. The program director said it is virtually 100 percent because  they have been arrested numerous times, and they keep coming back again  and again into the system.    This program that I got to see received a grant from the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of $881,000 so that this  program could last not just  [[Page S1665]]  1 year but several years. They put it in place. They are providing  treatment and recovery services for these women and teaching them not  just about how to avoid going back to the old neighborhood and getting  back in trouble again but also how to establish their lives in a  productive way--going back to work, getting back with their families.   It was great to hear from Dr. Patrice Palmer, who runs the program,  and also Franklin County Commissioner Marilyn Brown, Sheriff Dallas  Baldwin, and others about how this is helping residents get what they  need--the treatment and recovery services they need, the housing they  need--but most importantly, get them to rebuild their lives and not  come back into the system. I mentioned earlier that the recidivism rate  is virtually 100 percent for this group. In other words, 100 percent of  them are going to come back into prison based on the record. This  program has got that down to 20 percent. In other words, 80 percent of  these women have gotten out, gotten into the programs they need, gotten  back on their feet, gotten a job, and found an apartment. Eighty  percent of them are back in our communities as productive citizens.  That, to me, is what this is all about.   I spoke to a number of the participants in the program, and they were  optimistic because it is a very upbeat program. I was asked to give a  quote, and I gave a Winston Churchill quote about how when you fall  down, the most important thing is getting back up. That is more  important than success without having failures. I talked about the fact  that I have been to a lot of these programs around the State, and I  have seen where people find--for the first time in their lives, in many  cases--the kind of meaning in their lives and the kind of hope for the  future that let them get back on track.   I talked to Nina Davidson. She is a repeat offender. Nina said what  all the women said. She said: I don't want to go back to jail. She  doesn't want to keep living that life. She has been in and out of jail  many times. Pathways has helped her change her thinking, and that is  what it is all about--changing the thinking and therefore changing  lives and saving lives.   Earlier this year, I met with law enforcement, local officials, and  members of the Hamilton County Heroin Coalition to find out how they  are using these Federal funds.   Again, I am here talking to my colleagues, Republican and Democrat  alike, saying that we need more money, and they want to know where it  is going. Is it working?   Well, I just talked about one that is working in Columbus. It is also  working in Hamilton County, which is the Cincinnati Federal area. They  have received Federal funding through the CARA legislation and also the  21st Century Cures law--again, something this Congress passed on a  bipartisan basis.   The county has received a $500,000 CARA grant for an innovative  program to help those with substance abuse and mental health disorders  get help instead of going through the criminal justice system. They  also got $50,000 for a prevention grant for a group called  PreventionFirst!, which is a group I founded more than 20 years ago,  about 25 years ago in Cincinnati. It is still there helping to prevent  drug abuse. They are doing a good job. They have also received money  through the 21st Century Cures Act. In fact, in the last 2 years, Ohio  has received 26 million bucks a year from the Cures legislation that  goes straight to the State, and the State decides how it is given out  to good groups and organizations around the State.   The Cures funding and the CARA funding, as I see it, is working. It  is expanding Medicaid-assisted treatment. It is helping first  responders--these are our EMS, our firefighters--who are out there  trying to save lives. They need the training on Narcan. They need the  funding.   It has also helped with regard to closing the gap for those who are  seeking treatment. I mentioned earlier the gap between Narcan being  applied and somebody getting into treatment. There is also a gap,  unfortunately, between people in treatment and getting into longer term  recovery. Often, there is a waiting period there, and people fall back  into their addiction. These gaps can be closed, and when they are and  when it is a comprehensive, seamless program, the results are amazing.   During our meeting in Hamilton County, Newtown, OH, Police Chief Tom  Synan told me that fentanyl continues to be the deadliest drug in  greater Cincinnati. He wants us to implement quickly two pieces of  legislation. One is called the STOP Act, which this Congress passed to  keep fentanyl from flowing freely into our communities.    In August 2016, we had 174 overdoses in 6 days--174 in 6 days. It was  what they called a bad batch. It was fentanyl being mixed with heroin.  That drew national attention to the crisis. That is when we started  working on this STOP Act, which is to say, let's stop this stuff from  coming in through the U.S. mail system, which is where most of it  comes, and from China, which is where most of it comes. We passed that  legislation, and it is helping because it requires the U.S. Postal  Service to actually screen through these packages to get the  information to know what is a suspect package to help Customs and  Border Protection pull these packages off and begin to pull some of  these drugs out of our communities, which, at a minimum, increases the  cost of this drug on the street, which is important.   We also have the other legislation. I see that my colleague Sherrod  Brown is on the floor today. The INTERDICT Act helps because it gives  those same people more funding for the screening they need once they  have identified a package that is suspect. That combination is making a  difference right now. President Trump signed that law in October of  last year after about 2 years of hard work and investigation by the  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. It is making a difference,  but, as Police Chief Tom Synan said, we have to implement it and  implement it quickly.   I spoke today to the Secretary of Homeland Security. She talked about  the INTERDICT Act. She wants to push those quickly, and we need to,  because those will continue to make a difference. But they are starting  to work, and that is part of the reason we are seeing some progress.   I recently toured the jail in Butler County, OH, to see firsthand how  they are using their Federal funding. They got about $800,000 in a CARA  grant. I met with Scott Rasmus, the executive director of the Butler  County Mental Health and Addiction Recovery Services Board, Sheriff  Jones, and other community leaders about how they are using this  funding to close the gaps that often occur with treatment. Again, they  are doing what I talked about earlier, with these rapid response teams  that ensure, that, yes, they are saving people's lives with Narcan, but  then getting them into a treatment program that works for them.   In January I was in Portsmouth, OH, one of the hardest hit areas of  our State. Portsmouth, OH, has been the subject of a lot of attention  by the media--a lot of attention because they were hit so hard by the  heroin crisis that followed the prescription drug crisis.   I met there with law enforcement and local officials from Adams  County, Lawrence County, and Scioto County. They have received $525,000  in grants from the Cures Act, and they are using it to help to address  every aspect of addiction, including the gaps in treatment I talked  about. They funded a reentry project, the Hughes Re-Entry Center, which  provides longer term assistance through outpatient services, assisted  housing, and working with the Community Justice Center to close the  gaps occurring when people get out of prison and getting them into  programs that will help them to avoid getting right back into prison  again.   Lastly, I want to highlight a recent visit I made to the Oasis House.  Oasis is a safe house in Dayton, OH. It provides a supportive  environment and recovery services to women who were trafficked or  abused, and it helps them get back on their feet through counseling,  drug treatment, or other social services. I was there last month and  had the opportunity to visit with the women. It is a Christian,  nonprofit organization--a faith-based group--that runs these safe  houses. Most of these women are victims of human trafficking. These  women are often homeless. Every single one of them I talked to was also  an addict or a recovering  [[Page S1666]]  addict. They have been through a lot--a lot of trauma--and they need  the help, but the good news is they are getting the help, and there is  hope.   At my visit to the safe house, I met these incredibly courageous  women who have taken these steps voluntarily to get their lives back  together, using faith and using, in some cases, treatment programs. The  funding they are getting is coming through the Montgomery County ADAMHS  Board, the alcohol and drug board, and that funding comes from the CARA  legislation and the Cures legislation. Again, seeing in action what is  actually happening on the ground gives me hope that we are beginning to  make progress.   I met with the safe house ``Mom.'' She is the resident mother, as she  calls herself, of this house. She is there to take care of concerns  that women have. She is a recovering addict herself. She is a domestic  violence survivor. Oasis House saved her life, and now she is giving  back by helping current Oasis clients to be able to help save their  lives. I want to congratulate Cheryl Oliver, their executive director,  for all of the great work they are doing. The bravery of these young  women was inspiring and, again, it is great to see firsthand how this  is making a difference in their lives.   We have recently seen this issue of trafficking arise in connection  with a sex trafficking ring in Florida. We are told that illicit spas-- like those in Florida that you have probably heard about in the media  in the last week or so--can sometimes be hubs of human trafficking,  where women, often imported from foreign countries, are brought in to  America. They are often induced through fraud, fear, or some other type  of coercion to perform sex acts for money, and that is what  investigators believe happened here. They believe that the women in  these spas were from foreign countries, and that they were induced into  this through coercion. There is more information coming out. They don't  have all of the details yet. The investigation continues, but they  suspect the managers at these day spas were trafficking these women,  and, therefore, they arrested the owners at several of these day spas.  It is another disturbing reminder that human trafficking continues to  exist right here in this country in this century, and we must stay  vigilant in our efforts to combat this horrific crime.   In my last 8 years here in the Senate, it has been one of our top  priorities to pass legislation to combat human trafficking. We have  passed bills into law to get better data on sex trafficking here in the  United States, to ensure that victims are treated as victims and not as  criminals, to increase Federal penalties on johns, and to enact a zero- tolerance policy on human trafficking and government contracts.   I am proud to say that, with Senator Blumenthal, we cofounded and  cochaired the human trafficking caucus here. We started off with a  couple Members, and now we have a couple dozen Members of this body who  work day in and day out to say: How can we do more to help?   One thing we found through our research was that online sex  trafficking is growing dramatically and is one reason you see  the increase in sex trafficking here in this country and around the  world.    After 18 months of investigation--particularly into backpage, which  was the commercial site that had probably three-quarters of the  trafficking on it--we passed a law called the SESTA legislation, which  ensures that these websites that knowingly engage, facilitate, or  promote trafficking are held accountable for what happens on their  platforms. It is about time. We should have done it a long time ago.   Having passed that legislation, backpage is now shut down, and the  National Center for Missing and Exploited Children reported to us that  probably about two-thirds of these online websites that sell women and  children online have now been discontinued. Again, we haven't solved  the problem. It is still very much out there. Other websites will crop  up on the dark web as well, but we have made progress by focusing on  the issue in a bipartisan way. Numerous websites have been shut down,  as we have been told by the experts. I will quote the National Center  for Missing and Exploited Children: ``Since the enactment of SESTA and  the government's seizure of Backpage, there has been a major disruption  in the online marketplace.''   As we talked earlier--whether it is the SESTA legislation that is now  working, whether it is the CARA legislation and the Cures legislation  on the opioid crisis--that we are making a difference. The funding that  has been provided by this body and by the House--after careful research  to figure out what works and what doesn't work and sending it to  evidence-based programs--is working. We cannot take our eye off the  ball. We cannot stop now. If we do, we will just see this problem crop  up in different ways.   I mentioned that as we are making progress on opioids, law  enforcement and those who are in the trenches--treatment providers--are  talking about the fact that other drugs are beginning to rise,  particularly crystal meth. So we can't stop. We have to continue.   These programs are making a difference, helping people to get their  lives back on track and helping to save their lives. The Federal  Government continues to have a role here to be better partners in this  effort with States, local governments, and nonprofits that are out  there doing their best and, ultimately, with our families. That is what  this is all about, giving people hope and saving lives.   I yield back my time.   