 Mr. President, I echo what my colleague said about S.J.  Res. 50, a congressional resolution of disapproval we are being asked  to vote on this afternoon. I agree with the Senator from Texas. It is a  mistake. It is wrong. I think he used the words ``ironic,''  ``mistaken,'' and ``duplicitous.'' I would call this Democratic  proposal the height of hypocrisy. That is what we are looking at right  here, and I am planning to oppose it.   Two years ago, the Republicans passed major tax reform for this  country. What we wanted to do was to make the Tax Code simpler, make it  fairer, and have people pay less, and that is what we have seen. To do  it, we have also eliminated some tax deductions for the wealthy. One  was the State and local tax deduction that was specifically aimed at  the wealthy. We eliminated it. That is what our goal was--to eliminate  those sorts of deductions so that people all across the country could  see the benefits of tax reform.   Let's be clear about who will be benefiting by the Congressional  Review Act that is being proposed to be voted on today. There will be  94 percent of the benefits going to those with incomes over $200,000.  Those aren't the people who need tax relief in this country.   We made choices when passing tax reform. We wanted to provide tax  relief for the middle class, and we wanted to double the child tax  credit. It worked. We wanted to double the standard deduction, and that  worked. We wanted to lower the tax rates as well. The results are that  a great majority of American households are actually paying less in  taxes today than they were before.   We have also had this great boost to the economy. We have more people  working and one of the lowest unemployment rates we have seen. We have  seen wages and incomes grow. We have seen the unemployment rate drop to  a 50-year low. We have also seen economic growth beat all previous  predictions. That is what we have gotten with the tax reform--the tax  relief--that the Republicans have passed and that President Trump has  signed into law. The Republicans are going to continue to focus on  keeping taxes low for all Americans.   The best description I have heard of this proposal is that it seems  to be an effort to give tax breaks to rich people in blue States.   I yield the floor.   