 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the need to pass the  United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement.   It is frustrating that we have to continue to speak about this issue.  We have been so close for a long time now, but the lack of action on  the part of the House leadership continues to unnecessarily delay its  ratification.   Our neighbors to the north and south are our natural allies and  trading partners; yet our trade policy with them has not been updated  in 25 years. The President and his team have worked very hard to get  Canada and Mexico to the negotiating table to modernize our trade  agreement in a mutually beneficial manner. That hard work has paid off  in the form of the USMCA. It is ready for ratification, and the Senate  is eager to get that done.   Unfortunately, we are at the mercy of the House, which must act  first. The House leadership's refusal to move this trade deal is  preventing additional job creation in our country, and it is sending  the wrong signal to our trading partners across the globe. We ought to  be spurring economic activity by striking fair trade agreements  globally, not sitting on our hands and refusing to approve an agreement  between two of our top trading partners.   A fair and mutually beneficial trade agreement with our neighbors to  the north and south is very important to my home State of Arkansas.  Canada and Mexico are No. 1 and No. 2 on the list of the top 10  destinations for Arkansas' exports. Arkansas is one of a handful of  States that in recent years has consistently exported more than what it  has imported from Canada and Mexico.   The World Trade Center Arkansas, which has played a valuable role in  connecting businesses in my State with international partners for over  a decade, recently released a report that summarizes trade and jobs  data for the Natural State.   The center's report underscores the value trade brings to my State's  economy and reinforces the fact that the path to a more prosperous,  long-term outlook for Arkansas is through opening additional markets  for our farmers, manufacturers, and small businesses. The report notes  that, as of September 2019, trade in Arkansas supported nearly 350,000  jobs. This represents approximately 26 percent of the State's total  employed labor force. It points to a direct correlation between job  numbers and trade, documenting that trade-related jobs in the State  have grown six times faster than total employment over the past few  years.   More importantly, for our purposes here today, the report underscores  just how crucial Canada and Mexico are for Arkansas' economy. The  Natural State's exports to Canada amounted to $1.2 billion last year.  Our exports to Mexico totaled $870 million in that same time span.  Combined, these two countries account for a third of Arkansas' total  exports. Nearly 69,000 jobs in my State are dependent on trade with  Canada, and another 41,000 are tied to trade with Mexico.   Melvin Torres, the center's director of Western Hemisphere and  European Trade, praised Arkansas' effective partnership with both  countries for creating this ``symbiotic and successful relationship.''  That relationship will only grow with the ratification of the USMCA.  [[Page S6883]]    Canada and Mexico aren't just important markets for my State. Each of  our States stands to gain with the ratification of the USMCA. This  landmark trade deal will create over 175,000 jobs, which will help to  strengthen our economy and America's middle class. This overdue  modernization of NAFTA will benefit workers in a wide array of  industries. Manufacturing, tech, and more stand to gain from the USMCA.  It will add much needed certainty for farmers and ranchers, who  currently need every market they can get. Rural America is struggling  right now, and approving this agreement will provide a shot in the arm  for the rural economy.   The ratification of the USMCA, along with the recent deals that have  been struck with South Korea and Japan, will show the rest of the world  that the U.S. is open for business. Proving that the U.S. is  negotiating in good faith to reach mutually beneficial outcomes for all  parties that are involved could really move the needle in other ongoing  trade standoffs.   The House leadership needs to get on the stick. The USMCA is too  important for our Nation's economic future for it to be sitting in  limbo while House Democrats focus on partisan goals.   I yield the floor.   