 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  resolution expressing opposition to President Trump's decision to ban  transgender individuals from serving in the Armed Forces. I am proud to  be a cosponsor of this resolution, and I thank my friend, Mr. Kennedy,  for his extraordinary leadership on this issue.   The President's decision in 2017 to prohibit transgender individuals  from military service is disgraceful and wrong. Not only is the  decision based on ignorance and bigotry, but the evidence shows there  is absolutely no need for this discriminatory policy.   America has the strongest and most effective military in the history  of the world, and that is because of the brave individuals who serve in  uniform. Excluding an entire group of highly qualified and skilled  individuals from service undermines our national security.   In 2016, the Obama administration removed the ban on transgender  individuals after thoroughly and carefully studying how it would impact  the military and military readiness. A year later, President Trump  announced he would resume prohibiting transgender individuals from  serving in a tweet and didn't even bother to tell his Secretary of  Defense about it.   The National Center for Transgender Equality estimates that over  15,000 trans people are currently serving in the military. In 2016, a  study by RAND Corporation found that service by transgender individuals  does not adversely affect readiness, and, in fact, many military  leaders have acknowledged that the ban will degrade military readiness.   This cruel ban seeks to force transgender members of our military  back into the closet or out of service. It is a policy that is not  based on any factor or any careful deliberation, but merely an attempt  to score points with the hard right faction of his political base. By  doing this, the President is hurting our military, making our country  less safe, and making our country less just.   Transgender individuals who serve our country in the Armed Forces are  American heroes. They deserve our thanks, and they deserve more than to  be used as a political prop by their Commander in Chief. We as a  country are better than this.   Mr. Speaker, quite simply, it is un-American and immoral to deny  transgender individuals who want to serve our country in uniform the  right to do so simply because of who they are, and I urge my colleagues  to support this resolution.   