 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, it is quite evident that our democracy is under attack  from concerted foreign influence campaigns, and online disinformation  is one of our enemies' most potent weapons.   Starting in 2013, Russian operatives associated with the Internet  Research Agency waged a robust and systematic influence campaign on  Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter that reached millions of users in the  United States.   These operatives used political advertisements and falsified news  articles and other content in an attempt to deceive social media users,  widen our political and social divisions, and weaken our confidence and  participation in the democratic process.   Their efforts, particularly surrounding the 2016 election, were  disturbingly successful.   About 60 percent of Americans who prefer getting their news through  social media say they have shared false information. Additionally,  public confidence in our democracy is low, and we are perhaps more  polarized than ever before.   With the 2020 elections right around the corner, we must act now to  build up our resilience to these efforts and ensure Americans are  informed, critical consumers of online content. Voters must view online  political advertising with a discerning eye and be able to make  educated decisions based on the content that they consume.   This amendment, Madam Chair, to the SHIELD Act would direct the FEC  to commission a study on Americans' media literacy skills, including  the ability to critically evaluate sources and responsibly share  information. It would require a report on the impact of media literacy  education on how Americans consume and understand online political  content, with a focus on political advertisements. The study would also  include recommendations to improve voters' resilience to  disinformation.   A functioning democracy depends on informed citizens who can  responsibly participate in the political process, and the unquestioning  consumption and sharing of disinformation online undermines the  integrity of this system. My amendment will help shed light on the  skills Americans need to resist these malicious campaigns.   Renee Hobbs, the director of Media Education Lab in Rhode Island and  a professor at the University of Rhode Island, puts it plainly:   ``Learning to recognize and resist propaganda and disinformation is  an essential dimension of education in a digital age. After all, it is  the only long-term strategy that embodies our country's vital  democratic traditions of robust dialogue and debate in the marketplace  of ideas.''   Professor Hobbs is right, and as more and more Americans rely on  social media to get their news, media literacy is becoming ever more  important.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment so we can  explore how best to build up our citizens' resilience to foreign online  influence campaigns.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Chair, if only my colleague had actually read and  understood the bill, he would know that it is an independent study. I  think that would make a difference in how, perhaps, he felt about the  bill.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms.  Slotkin).    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Madam Chair, to address my colleague's point, again, it is not the  FEC that is going to do the study. It is an independent study that will  be done, be commissioned to be concluded, and that would be the final  product, not the FEC.   So, with that, Russia's election interference efforts in 2016 were  sweeping and damaging, and we know that social media was one of their  greatest weapons. As the 2020 elections approach, and for future  elections, we must ensure that our citizens are resilient to foreign  influence companies by arming them with the skills to be critical  consumers of online political content.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to study media literacy  and its impact on American voters--again, an independent study that  will be commissioned.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   