 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you for the recognition.   I rise to express my strong support for the bipartisan public lands  package. This legislation, which puts together over 100 public lands,  natural resources, and water bills, protects and expands our Nation's  lands and strengthens our local economies.   This sweeping package shows the country the tremendous amount that  can be accomplished when both parties in Congress roll up their sleeves  and work together toward a common goal.   While there are certainly other measures I wish we had included in  this package, overall, this bill can pass both Chambers on strong  bipartisan votes. I am looking forward to this Congress showing its  strong support for keeping public lands in public hands and protecting  them for future generations.   I am particularly proud of provisions in this package that I have  championed for years to benefit my home State of New Mexico, starting  with permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund is our Nation's most successful  conservation program and is extremely popular with the American people.  Yet Congress has consistently underfunded it and failed to make it  permanent. I have been fighting for years for full funding and  permanent reauthorization. The public lands package does just  that. This was a law championed by my father in 1965 while he was  Secretary of the Interior. I have been proud to carry the torch and  work to make the Land and Water Conservation Fund permanent. In New  Mexico  [[Page S897]]  alone, over 1,200 local projects have been supported by the LWCF since  it began in 1965.    Over the last 2 years, the President has proposed essentially  eliminating the LWCF, but in a major step forward, the Senate package  permanently reauthorizes the program and provides annual funding with  at least $900 million--all from offshore oil and gas leases and other  revenue streams that don't come from taxpayer dollars. Giving the Land  and Water Conservation Fund permanent authorization is a monumental win  for our entire Nation. I hope that soon we can secure robust mandatory  funding as well. Until then, I will continue to fight, along with my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to ensure that this program  receives significant funding each year in the appropriations process.   The lands package includes my Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks  Conservation Act, cosponsored by Senator Heinrich. Senator Heinrich and  I have been fighting to protect this rugged, beautiful part of southern  New Mexico for years. In 2014, President Obama used our legislation as  the basis for his Executive order to create the Organ Mountains-Desert  Peaks National Monument.   The Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks area has contained protected  wilderness study areas since the 1980s and 1990s. It is high time to  make these study areas permanent wilderness. Senator Heinrich and I  have worked closely with all stakeholders--ranchers, conservationists,  U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and many others--to bring these  lands into 10 permanent wilderness areas. Our bill, S. 441, places  approximately 240,000 acres into wilderness while it releases  approximately 30,000 acres so that the Border Patrol has the  flexibility that is necessary to keep the border secure. The Border  Patrol concerns have been addressed, as have the interests of grazing  leaseholders, who will be able to continue to graze their cattle.   The areas targeted for protection showcase sky island mountains,  native Chihuahuan Desert grasslands, caves, unique lava flows,  limestone cliffs, and winding canyons. As you just heard, the  landscapes for designation are tremendously varied. Here is a photo of  one that depicts the Organ Mountains. What a magnificent range.   Under the 1964 Wilderness Act, ``wilderness'' is ``an area where the  earth and its community of life are untrammeled by man, where man  himself is a visitor who does not remain.'' The 10 areas for  designation in the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks should remain  untrammeled, and they deserve the special protection that  ``wilderness'' designation confers.   Like the wilderness study areas in our newest national monument to  the south, Senator Heinrich and I have been working for years to  designate two wilderness study areas in our newest national monument to  the north as ``wilderness.'' The 13,000-acre Cerro del Yuta and the  8,000-acre Rio San Antonio study areas within the Rio Grande del Norte  National Monument are equally deserving of ``wilderness'' status. The  centerpiece of Cerro del Yuta is Ute Mountain, which is a 10,000-foot- high volcanic dome that overlooks the magnificent Taos Gorge, which is  shown here. It is pretty inspiring when you stand on top and look into  this gorge. The Rio San Antonio sits 200 feet below a plateau and  creates a unique riparian area and amazing recreational opportunities  that boost the local economy.   This designation is also the product of a grassroots coalition of  local stakeholders, including sportsmen, small business owners,  pueblos, and conservationists, who have worked for years to preserve  the Rio Grande del Norte area for future generations. By designating  the Cerro del Yuta and the Rio San Antonio areas under our Cerros del  Norte Conservation Act, it cements their place as part of northern New  Mexico's protected heritage.   During the last congressional session, I and my good friend, the late  Senator John McCain, worked hard on the 21st Century Conservation Corps  Service Act, or 21 CSC for short. We wanted to make sure that our youth  and our veterans had real and meaningful opportunities to serve our  country by conserving our great outdoors. This bill reinvigorates  public-private partnerships between the Federal Government and the  private sector and enables our youth and veterans to engage in national  service on conservation-related projects. The program also targets  Native American youth by establishing an Indian Youth Service Corps to  work on Indian Country priorities.   The bill also expands eligibility so that returning veterans and  others can participate in these important programs. It expands the  number of Agencies that can establish service corps, and it authorizes  detailed data collection so that we can track exactly how these  programs help communities and our public lands.   This kind of program makes so much sense, for we have a huge backlog  of infrastructure needs on our public lands--a backlog that is only  growing with increased wildfires and natural disasters. Younger  workers, especially Native youth, face higher unemployment rates, and  our veterans face their own set of challenges when they transition to  civilian life. Service corps are a cost-effective way to promote  conservation goals and to fill employment gaps.   This program has broad bipartisan support--support from the Western  Governors' Association, veterans organizations, and the outdoor  industry--and it would pay special tribute to our late colleague,  Senator McCain, whom we all admire so much. I urge its passage.   One of New Mexico's most successful watershed management  collaborations is the Rio Puerco Management Committee that was  established in 1996. The Rio Puerco is the largest tributary to the  Middle Rio Grande Basin. The watershed encompasses approximately 4.7  million acres and unfortunately is the primary source of undesirable  fine sediment that is delivered to the Rio Grande system. According to  the U.S. Geological Survey, on average, the Rio Puerco delivers 78  percent of the total suspended sediment load of the Rio Grande,  although it provides only 4 percent of the runoff.   The Rio Puerco Watershed Management Program is a community-based  approach that brings Federal and State agencies, Tribes, nonprofits,  and local citizens together to work on watershed management, including  sediment reduction and habitat and vegetation restoration. The  committee has been widely recognized for its success and has earned  awards from the Environmental Protection Agency and the Bureau of Land  Management. Its most recent 10-year reauthorization ends on March 30 of  this year. We need to permanently authorize this very effective  program.   Senator Murkowski and Senator Cantwell, I applaud your work on  expeditiously bringing this package to the floor. The 100 bills that  compose the public lands package boast 50 different Senate sponsors and  nearly 90 cosponsors. The package represents the hard work of countless  individuals and organizations throughout the country--all committed to  preserving and protecting our country's greatest treasures. I stand  resolutely behind that commitment as well, and I urge the unanimous  passage of this historic package.   I yield the floor.   