 Mr. Speaker, I rise today representing a district in which  school sports are at the heart of community gatherings.   In Kentucky, basketball is a way of life. In my district, students  practice their whole life to have the chance to attain athletic  scholarship opportunities from universities they would otherwise be  unable to attend. These students go on to accomplish great things and  give back to their communities because of the scholarships they gain  from athletic competition.   This legislation would essentially subvert the purpose of gender  divisions in these competitions by allowing biological males who  identify as female to compete against girls in the same division. We  have already seen instances where young women were denied scholarship  opportunities because biological males competed in the same category  with them and placed higher on the podium in track competitions.   A bill with a name like the Equality Act sounds like a bill that in  some way advocates for all people. That is what we strive for in this  country: equality before the law. That is why, over the more than two  centuries this country has existed, we have, thankfully, updated our  laws to right wrongs and bring us closer to treating all people with  the dignity they deserve.   But as I look at H.R. 5, I am deeply troubled, and I believe most  Americans would be deeply troubled by what is really there.   I serve as ranking member for the Civil Rights and Human Services  Subcommittee for the Committee on Education and Labor. In our  subcommittee, we held a hearing on the Equality Act, and what became  abundantly clear was that this legislation would alter Federal  nondiscrimination law in ways that would have unintended effects we  cannot know today.    This bill is following in the tradition of others we have seen so far  throughout this Congress: a clever name, an allegedly noble purpose,  but a vehicle for serious, harmful consequences.   Equality and freedom must coexist. H.R. 5 totally redefines one and  delivers a serious blow to the other.   