 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the vote we are going  to have in just a few minutes to appropriate our first appropriations  bill for this fiscal year, which, by the way, we are already in the  first month of our new fiscal year.   We are under a continuing resolution, which we have talked about ad  nauseam in this body and how damaging that is to our military and how  expensive it is over the long run. I had breakfast with one of our  Secretaries in the DOD today, and he told me that just in the Navy  alone, a continuing resolution this year would cost the Navy almost $5  billion. That is $50 billion just in one service over the next decade.  We can do better than this.   I want to praise Senator Shelby and Senator Leahy, the ranking member  and the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. They have done their  job. The subcommittee chairman and ranking members have done their  jobs. We are ready to vote on these bills, and it comes down to just an  obstructionist issue about funding the wall versus funding our  military.   Just last weekend, President Trump announced that Abu Bakr al- Baghdadi, the leader of ISIS, had been taken off the battlefield by his  own hand, I might say. This is a win not just for our country but for  the world in this fight against terrorism.   As we now know, the world has gotten to be very dangerous--maybe the  most dangerous in my lifetime--with five threats across five domains.  We are worried now about places like China, Russia, North Korea, and  Iran,  [[Page S6324]]  as well as the asymmetric threat of terrorism around the world in over  five domains--air, land and sea, and now we have to worry about cyber  and space as well.   Let's just take a moment and realize that without a strong military,  this Special Operations op over the weekend would not have been  possible. Our intelligence community, our special operators, our  military personnel, all the supply people, all the people involved in  supporting these people at the tip of the sphere came to bear and  brought us a victory this week over the No. 1 terrorist in the world.   Everybody in America should be celebrating this incredible  achievement by our military. Rather than celebrating, however, our  friends across the aisle are trying to change the subject in many ways.  One way is in the U.S. House with the hypocritical approach we are  seeing right now of denying due process to our President and having a  vote this week that is a real mockery of the process in itself. There  is no guarantee of due process to the President in this resolution.   I believe the Democrats just don't understand how President Trump got  elected, and they hate it so much, they will not even let him have this  win relative to taking a major terrorist off the battlefield.   We must never forget how depraved this gentleman was and their  ideology really is. These ISIS thugs have been a scourge on that part  of the world, and they are not going away, by the way. Since 2014, ISIS  has beheaded two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff.  Let us never forget that these things occurred. They forced women into  sex slavery, including 26-year-old Kayla Mueller, a humanitarian worker  who went there to try to do good who was later killed.   These are the people, under al-Baghdadi's leadership, who set fire to  a Jordanian pilot--a captured pilot--violating the rules of war. They  put him in a cage, poured gasoline on him, and lit him on fire alive.  These are the people who lined up 21 Coptic Christians on a beach in  Libya and beheaded them in front of a video. They crucified Christians  across the Middle East for years.   Al-Baghdadi inspired all of these atrocities. His death brings  justice to these countless victims. The fight is not over yet. We have  taken out the leadership. We denied them the territorial caliphate. We  are now moving to protect the oil so these people will be denied  resources so they cannot reconstitute again. These people will not go  away. The ideology has not died. We have just taken their caliphate  away. We have to continue to do that.   The current strategy has not changed in Syria. The President has said  this publicly. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said it  publicly. We are there to defeat ISIS. We are there to protect Iraq,  deter Iran, and support our friends in Israel, but we need bipartisan  support and consistent funding to achieve this bigger mission. That is  just one of them in one domain. We have others across the world. With  an ever-growing military capacity in China alone, we have to get  serious about how we fund, consistently, our U.S. military effort.   Yet, as I stand here today, we are under a continuing resolution,  which we know handcuffs our own military and adds hundreds of billions  of dollars over the next decade to the cost of funding our military. We  have a CR right now that has us actually spending $4 billion that the  Department of Defense has already identified that they don't want to  spend. Yet because of continuing resolution rules, they have to keep  spending against these obsolete programs and wasting that $4 billion.    In addition, we are sitting here at the end of October, the first  month of the fiscal year, and we have not even finalized the  authorization for our defense because of not being able to work this  out with the House.   We have to do that and get to funding right away to fund our  military. Our men and women in uniform are the best that we have in  America, and we owe it to them to not drop the ball in this eleventh  hour to show them that we have their backs. They can do the job, but  only if we fund them.   This is a travesty, and right now it is broken down into partisan  politics, not over defending our country. It puts our national security  at risk.   I will give us just one little piece of data here to close this out.  Over the last 50 years, we disinvested in our military by at least 25  percent three different times under three Democratic Presidents. That  is just historical fact; that is not a partisan observation. We did it  in 1976 to 1980; we did it in the 1990s; we did it in the last  administration over 8 years. We disinvested in the military by at least  25 percent.   We saw the travesty that the military had in terms of readiness in  January 1, 2017. We saw how bad our readiness was when two-thirds of  our elite Strike Fighters, FA-18s, in the Navy could not fly. Only 3 of  our 58 Army brigades could go to war that night. It was a terrible  position to be in. Under new leadership, we have gotten that readiness  back, but now we have to rebuild the military that has been burned up  over the last 20 years fighting terrorism.   The challenge we have before us right now is to do our No. 1 job, and  that is to fund and appropriate the Federal Government. Of that,  discretionary spending is what this is all about. It is only $1.3  trillion of the $4.6 trillion the Federal Government will totally spend  this year, but of that, the military, the VA, and all domestic  discretionary programs make up $1.3 trillion.   I am advocating today that we take our responsibility seriously to  fund our military because of the growing threats around the world and  the damage we see that it does to the efforts of freedom by our friends  abroad. There is no bigger responsibility we can have than to support  our men and women in uniform who put their lives on the line every day.  The best testament of that is this example we just saw of a success in  Syria, very close to the Turkish border, pulled off through places  where Russians and Syrian Government and Syrian rebels and Turkish  soldiers were all in the general vicinity. We pulled off a miraculous  victory for freedom in the world. Now it is our job to fund defense and  get on with that. I highly suggest that we take that very seriously.   I yield the floor.   