 Madam President, today I wish to discuss this  administration's perpetual actions to weaken protections for people  with preexisting conditions.   Last fall, the administration issued guidance for the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act--ACA--that would loosen the  statutory guardrails for 1332 State waivers. The guidance encourages  states to increase access to ACA non-compliant coverage.   The actions of the administration cannot make this message any  clearer: President Trump does not support protections for people with  pre-existing conditions.   Because of the ACA, health insurance companies cannot refuse to cover  someone or charge someone more just because they have a prexisting  condition. Among the most common pre-existing conditions are high blood  pressure, behavioral health disorders, high cholesterol, asthma/chronic  lung disease, heart conditions, diabetes, and cancer.  [[Page S6229]]    In 2017, HHS released a report stating that as many as 133 million  non-elderly Americans have a preexisting condition. The Maryland Health  Benefit Exchange estimates that there are approximately 2.5 million  nonelderly Marylanders with a preexisting condition, 320,000 of which  are children.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration is taking actions that  directly threaten these 133 million Americans, actions, which can lead  to them being denied access to healthcare.   The Trump administration's updated guidance on section 1332 waivers  skirts the intention of the law. Originally section 1332 of the ACA  provided States with the flexibility to test new health coverage  programs, as long as innovation waivers met certain criteria. States  applying for 1332 waivers had to show that their proposal provided  residents with health coverage with at least the same level of  protections guaranteed by the ACA, that was at least as affordable, and  covered at least a comparable number of State residents as currently  covered under the ACA.   For example, Maryland was able to use a 1332 waiver to establish a  State reinsurance program, which lowered insurance premiums by as much  as 22 percent from 2018 premiums.   However, the Trump administration has issued guidance that redefines  the guardrails of section 1332 and will now allow States to include  plans that do not comply with the ACA's consumer protections. The  guidance also encourages states to allow premium tax credits for non- ACA compliant plans, plans that don't offer essential health benefits  or protect those with preexisting conditions.   The updated 1332 guidance allows State waiver applications to ignore  statutory guardrails to ensure that coverage is not less affordable  under a waiver, especially for those with high healthcare spending.  This new guidance also sets a dangerous precedent, where a State waiver  could skew numbers to disproportionately count junk plans in a State's  total number of lives covered.   The updated 1332 guidance again makes it very clear that President  Trump and this administration do not support affordable insurance for  those with preexisting conditions. I was proud to join Senator Warner  in introducing a Congressional Review Act resolution to overturn the  administration's 1332 waiver guidance to ensure protections for  individuals with preexisting conditions.   The harm done by this administration towards individuals with  preexisting conditions will lead to higher costs of care for the  millions of Americans. This resolution is a clear opportunity to show  our opposition to the actions of the Trump administration to deny  coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions.   My Democratic colleagues and I are calling attention to ACA, which  has worked and is working, and how the Trump administration's actions  seek to overturn the progress we have made to strip consumer  protections like protections for preexisting conditions away from  patients. We can't afford as a country to go back to the days before  the ACA. Nearly 130 million non-elderly Americans relay on the  protections provided by the ACA to guarantee that no insurer could deny  them coverage.   