 Madam President, I came to the floor, and I heard the  Democratic leader talking, obviously, about some terrible incidents  that occurred in El Paso, Dayton, and in Odessa.   Since we were last in session, we have had two shootings in Texas,  one in El Paso and one in Odessa. I confess that these are terrible  tragedies that cause us to first ask the question ``Why'' and then  cause us to ask the question ``What'': What can and what should we do  to try to stop incidents like these in the future?   I will remind the Democratic leader that we actually have a great  template for bipartisan support for gun safety legislation, which is  the bill we sent to the President last year called Fix NICS--NICS being  the National Instant Criminal Background Check System that the FBI  operates.   For example, if you were convicted of a felony or dishonorably  discharged from the military or you were subject to a protective order  or you had been committed as a result of a mental health crisis, under  existing law, all of these prohibit you from purchasing or possessing a  firearm. But if the background check system doesn't work, it doesn't  really count for much.   I am proud of the fact that we came together on a bipartisan basis  and  [[Page S5351]]  passed this Fix NICS legislation by overwhelming margins. Anybody who  is suggesting that we simply haven't done anything has a faulty memory,  at the very minimum.   I would also add that we have passed legislation that would enhance  school safety. One of the problems is that these cowards who commit  these terrible acts don't go shoot up police stations; they go to the  soft targets, like the schools. No parent should send their child to  school wondering whether they are going to be safe from attacks like  those we have seen occur in places like the Santa Fe school district in  Texas, so we passed bipartisan legislation to deal with that as best we  could.   We also recognize that many of the people who commit these acts are a  danger to themselves and others because of a mental health crisis. In  the 21st Century Cures Act--a broad, bipartisan bill--we passed  legislation that provides for piloting of assisted outpatient  treatment. The reason that is so important is, if you are dealing with  an adult--an adult child, an adult spouse, obviously, or a parent-- there is very little you can do to make them follow their doctors'  orders or get the kind of treatment they need to take their medication.  But as a result of assisted outpatient treatment orders, a family  member or law enforcement or mental health professional can petition  the court for a court order requiring people to comply with their  doctors' orders to show up for their appointments and to take their  medication. They have reaped tremendous benefits around the country,  protecting people from themselves when they are in a mental health  crisis and protecting other people from potential acts of violence that  they might commit. It is not true that people who are mentally ill are  somehow more prone to violence, but, certainly, when they lose control  of themselves--and when they are in a mental health crisis, they do-- they can be a danger to themselves and others. So this assisted  outpatient treatment pilot program that we pioneered in the 21st  Century Cures Act, I think, provides another tool.   Then we provided law enforcement with additional training. That is  where the active shooter training came from. It was actually pioneered  in San Marcos, TX, at Texas State University, where they train law  enforcement not to sit on the perimeter while the shooting goes on  inside a building but to attack the shooters where they are.   Also, we went one step further to make sure not only that we can stop  the shooter but also that we can actually save lives and keep people  from bleeding to death by training emergency medical personnel to  follow the police into an active shooting scene to save lives.   Part of the problem with discussing this topic is that there is a lot  of mythology out there. I heard my friend the Democratic leader say: If  we had just passed another background check system, maybe Dayton or El  Paso would not have happened. Well, both of those shooters passed a  background check. Is he suggesting we ought to pass a law just to  pretend that we are doing something, but it would actually not have a  positive impact on saving lives?   That is not what we did in the Fix NICS bill. As you may recall, the  particular shooter there was disqualified from purchasing firearms, but  the Air Force had not uploaded his felony conviction for domestic  violence into the background check system. So when he went in to buy a  firearm, it didn't catch him. He was able to lie and then buy.   I am proud to say that as a result of this bipartisan legislation we  passed, there has been a 400-percent increase in the Federal Government  providing additional background check information for the National  Instant Criminal Background Check--the NICS--System.   I think it is safe to say, as a result of the bipartisan legislation  we passed, working together, that lives will be saved. That is what we  ought to be about, not about show boats or political posturing. We  ought to be about solving the problem.   Let's get our facts right first. The Democratic leader mentioned  Odessa. It is true that the shooter in Odessa did have a mental health  commitment, and he tried to buy a gun through traditional means. He  failed a background check, so he wasn't successful. While the details  are still being investigated, it looks as though he purchased the  firearm from an unlicensed firearm dealer, which is a crime. If the  dealer sold the firearm to the shooter knowing that he was disqualified  from purchasing or buying a firearm, that would be another crime. So  trying to suggest that some sort of additional background check would  have solved that problem when what the dealer did and what the  purchaser did were already illegal, I just don't think holds up.   I look forward to continued discussion and debate on this topic. It  was on the minds of an awful lot of people as I traveled across my  State of Texas this August--as we all did during the August work  period.   I always benefit from going back home and getting refreshed by the  thoughts, the ideas, and the aspirations of real people instead of  living here inside this fantasyland known as Washington, DC. I always  tell people that Washington is a fascinating place to visit. It is like  Disneyland, but just remember one thing: It is not real.   What is real are the people we represent back home and what the  laboratories of democracy produce, which are the States, including the  great State of Texas.   As I travel back home, I also enjoy sharing updates about what we  have been working on here in Washington and seeing how legislation we  have passed can actually make a difference back home.   One example is a program authorized by a bill that I introduced  called Project Safe Neighborhoods, which is now the law of the land. It  is a bill I introduced, which is now the law.   I invited Attorney General Barr to come to Dallas, TX, to hear how  this initiative has already begun driving down crime rates in a couple  of our communities in Dallas. This program partners with local, State,  and Federal law enforcement officials, together with Federal  prosecutors, to target violent offenders--people who have no legal  right to possess a firearm and who use firearms routinely--and engage  with the community and, thus, help create safer neighborhoods.   It is already having a positive impact in communities across my  State, and I am eager to see the long-term benefits of this incredible  program.   In Austin, I visited the University of Texas during the month of  August and met with some student veterans who are reaping the benefits  of a bill we passed this last summer. It is called the Veteran STEM  Scholarship Improvement Act. STEM stands for science, technology,  engineering, math. The Veteran STEM Scholarship Improvement Act made a  seemingly small change to an existing program, which provides extended  GI bill eligibility for student veterans pursuing STEM degrees.   Because we made a technical but important change, more students are  able to continue their education with significantly less financial  stress.   President Fenves of the University of Texas system said that instead  of just three courses that veterans could qualify for using their GI  bill, they can now qualify for, I think he said, 25. It may have been  28. There are multiples of what they can qualify for under existing  law.   So this small change will make a big difference. I enjoyed hearing  about their career goals from the students who are using these GI bill  benefits, and I look forward to seeing all they will accomplish.   In addition to those meetings and those visits, I attended a ribbon- cutting at a brandnew VA clinic in San Angelo, TX. I spoke to survivors  of sexual assault in Grapevine about the need to pass the Debbie Smith  Act to reauthorize the money we appropriate to help test backlog rape  kits. I was able to join my friend Congressman Henry Cuellar from  Laredo, TX, to discuss the future of the USMCA, the U.S.-Mexico-Canada  Trade Agreement, the successor to NAFTA.   So while it was a busy and productive work period, sadly, it was also  marked by a number of heartbreaking moments that I alluded to a moment  ago. On the morning of August 3, a gunman stormed into a Walmart in El  Paso, TX, killing 22 innocent people and wounding two dozen others. It  became  [[Page S5352]]  the deadliest mass shooting in the United States this year.   In a community as tight-knit as El Paso, the devastation was  immeasurable, and I would note that the shooter traveled from another  part of the State to El Paso. He was not from El Paso. The  heartbreaking confusion quickly turned into rage when we learned that  the shooter was a White supremacist whose crime could only be described  as domestic terrorism.   The day after the shooting, I visited El Paso and met with several of  the victims, as well as the law enforcement officers responding to the  tragedy. Members of the community created a memorial to honor those who  lost their lives, and on that first day, it was relatively small, about  4 feet wide.   By the time I returned to El Paso with President Trump and the First  Lady, 3 days later, this 4-foot-wide memorial had grown to hundreds of  feet wide. The outpouring by the community was overwhelming.   In the face of tragedy and unthinkable grief, the strength and  support of the entire community from that memorial to the long line of  folks waiting to donate blood, to the donations to help the victims was  truly remarkable.   As I also indicated at the beginning of my remarks, less than a month  later, we experienced another shooting. A man went on a shooting  rampage between Midland and Odessa, killing 7 people and wounding 25  others. When I visited Odessa this last week, I met Odessa police  officer James Santana, who was injured in the shooting but fortunately  is expected to make a full recovery.   When I asked the police chief in Ector County, which is where Odessa  is located: What do you think we might be able to do in Washington that  would help, he said: Well, we just don't have adequate resources to  deal with people suffering from a mental health crisis. That might be  one area where you could help.   I had the pleasure of thanking the men and women in blue, our law  enforcement officers, for their quick response in Odessa and thanked  them for the work they do every day.   By the way, I also had the opportunity to travel to the White House  this morning. President Trump gave an award to the police officers in  Dayton, OH, who were able to stop the shooter there. He offered  certificates of commendation to some of the employees of Walmart who  helped save lives in the shooting episode there.   While major events like these are ones that grab the headlines, Texas  law enforcement officials and officials all over the country are on the  streets each and every day doing everything they can possibly do to  keep our communities safe. I think it would just be negligence on our  part not to continue to thank these men and women and especially those  who responded to tragedies like El Paso, Midland, and Odessa.   As our State continues to grieve from this senseless loss of life,  the questions are, of course, How did this happen? How can we prevent  it from happening again? Well, I know we are going to try, just as we  have done in the past, to identify gaps and problems with the law and  fill those gaps and save lives in the process.   If I knew how we could pass a law that would prevent people from  committing crimes, we would pass it unanimously, but, unfortunately,  that is not the human condition. I have been speaking with my  constituents as well as colleagues in the Senate over the last few  weeks about what a legislative solution might look like, and I do  expect us to have a wide range of debate on the subject in the coming  days.   I just spoke to a representative at the White House. They say they  are putting together a set of proposals to provide the President later  this week, and we look forward to hearing what the President believes  these proposals should consist of.   Again, I think the model we used after the Sutherland Springs  shooting in 2017 was a pretty good one, where we introduced a bill to  improve the background check system and to prevent people who should  not be able to purchase a firearm from doing so. We passed that  legislation on a broad bipartisan basis. Had that legislation passed  sooner, it could have prevented the Sutherland Springs gunman from  acquiring his weapon in the first place. By lying on his background  check application, knowing, perhaps, that the United States Air Force  had not uploaded his conviction for domestic violence into the  background check system, he was able to get away with it.   These are the kind of reforms I believe we should be looking at--real  solutions to real problems. We owe it to the American people to focus  on making changes that will actually work, not show votes and not  talking points. We ought to be about trying to solve this problem.   The American people are smart. They can see what is happening up here  when we resort to the same old tired talking points and are not really  engaged in trying to find solutions. They see through it, and we owe it  to them and owe it to ourselves and owe it to people who might  otherwise become future victims to do everything we can to provide the  tools to law enforcement to try to prevent as many of these deaths as  we can.   In the case of the Fix NICS Act, it was able to become law because it  had broad support from Republicans and Democrats as well as the  President. This will guide my approach. Again, I am not interested in  scoring political points or introducing bills so we can pat ourselves  on the back and run our next campaign on it. I am actually interested  in trying to solve the problem and saving lives in the process. That is  what we did on the Fix NICS Act.   The leader made it clear that if there is a proposal out there that  is able meet these same criteria, we will consider it on the floor of  the Senate. He has asked us to come together and figure out what that  legislation would look like. While there are certainly differences on  both sides of the aisle about what we should do, I hope all of us can  remember we share a common goal of stopping these mass shootings to the  extent we humanly can.   Again, if we knew how to pass a law to prevent people from committing  crimes, we would have already done that. We may not be able to do that,  but we sure can, I think, make some progress and hopefully save some  lives in the process.   There are a lot of discussions about ways to do that, and I am  hopeful we can reach an agreement soon. We cannot allow these acts of  violence to somehow become the new normal. As we keep the victims and  their families and the dedicated law enforcement officers impacted by  the shooting in our prayers, we owe it to all of them and to ourselves  to work on a solution to prevent more communities from experiencing  these types of tragedies.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   