 Mr. President, let me associate myself with the remarks  made by my friend and distinguished colleague from Florida.   The importance of this bill cannot be overstated. It is an incredibly  important bill. I rise today, once again, to bring it to my colleagues  here in the Senate. This time, hopefully, we can get enough votes to  move it forward. It is the Strengthening America's Security in the  Middle East Act of 2019. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support moving ahead on this commonsense bipartisan  legislation.   This package of bills is important and time sensitive. Israel and  Jordan are our steadfast allies and friends in the Middle East, and  they need support and the critical aid that this legislation would  deliver. Our nations depend on one another, and we should not let them  down.   Included in this legislation also is a very important bill, the  Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act, which, as I have noted numerous  times before, very nearly passed the full Senate by unanimous consent  last year. We were within one vote of getting unanimous consent on it.   This legislation is long overdue. Half a million Syrians have died at  the hands of the Syrian dictator, Assad, his friends, and their allies,  and it is past time that we put an end to it.   This bill includes strong financial sanctions to target those  responsible in the Assad regime for the terrible loss of life and  destruction in Syria. Further, it extends sanctions to those who would  support the Syrian regime's actions in the war in Syria, such as Iran  and Russia. The tragic loss of life in Syria has gone on far too long.  We need to take action now to pressure those who have the ability to  bring this war to an end--and they do have the ability to bring this  war to an end.   The State of Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East. It is  surrounded by oppressive nations, many of which, like Iran, wish to do  Israel harm. Their security and stability in the region is of extreme  importance to all Americans. This legislation would protect Israel  where we can here in the United States by rejecting anti-Israel  boycotts.   I hope that today you will all join me in a bipartisan way in moving  forward on this important legislation.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   