 Mr. President, in the early morning hours of June 6,  1944, 75,000 members of the U.S. Armed Forces and 75,000 of their  counterparts in the Allied Expeditionary Force launched Operation  Overlord when they stormed ashore five landing areas on the beaches of  Normandy, France, to break the Nazi stranglehold on Western Europe.  This courageous fight to seize the beaches of Normandy changed the  trajectory of history.  [[Page S3154]]    This week we commemorate the 75th anniversary of this historic  operation and express our gratitude and appreciation to the members of  the U.S. Armed Forces, including those from Arkansas who participated  in this undertaking.   Let us also reflect on the courage, heroism, and sacrifice that these  selfless Allied heroes demonstrated in the face of evil. While fully  aware of the dangers and the perils that were before them, they bravely  accomplished their mission to defend our country, ideals, and allies.   During an interview for the Veterans History Project, Wallace  Cunningham of Little Rock described the scene he saw while in Oxford,  England, as the Allies were readying the D-Day invasion. ``Aircraft  from one end of the horizon to the other,'' he said. He was overwhelmed  by the number of aircraft in the sky, a testament to the power and  force that the Allies were marshaling for this strategically vital  endeavor. The sight below was similar, with boats carrying GIs across  the English Channel bound for France.   Arkansans like Cecil Blair remember the rigorous training he and his  fellow soldiers underwent in England in early 1944. They didn't know at  the time, but they were preparing for D-Day. Blair's boat was hit  before landing in France, forcing the crew to pull back and make the  trek again 3 days later.   The bravery exhibited during this battle will never be forgotten.  Allied forces were in German crosshairs, and they willingly faced their  fears head-on. The magnitude of their actions continues to be felt and  recognized to this day.   Now, 19-year old Jesse Beazley of Kentucky was on one of the ships  bound for Normandy in June 1944. In an interview for the Veterans  History Project nearly 60 years later, he recalled thinking in the  moments leading up to the operation about how likely he was to survive,  saying he probably didn't have much of a chance to live because he knew  what was ahead of him and his fellow soldiers.   The other troops in his transport boat were his age, and he  remembered their looks and collective feeling. He said: ``All at once  it got completely silent, and young men looked like old men.''   They endured great hardships getting to the beach. Beazley's boat was  blown up far from shore. He was thrown into the icy water where he was  forced to dump most of his gear before swimming to safety, all while  German bullets were piercing the air inches away from him. He described  the devastation as ``a nightmare.''   Approximately 10,000 Allied soldiers were wounded or killed during  the D-Day landings, including 6,000 Americans. Many of these heroic  individuals are buried in the Normandy American Cemetery. The graves of  brave Americans dot the landscape where these courageous liberators  fought and died. The crosses and Stars of David that mark their places  of rest shine in the sunlight on the cliffs of Normandy, giving hope  for peace and reminding us of the costs of war.   The Normandy American Cemetery is the jewel of American Battle  Monuments Commission sites. Approximately 1 million visitors each year  pay their respects to those who lost their lives in the D-Day invasion  and the battles that followed. The cemetery and visitor center  recognize the sacrifice of members of the Armed Forces who served at  this turning point of the war, including the story of PFC Harold Eugene  Sellers of Jonesboro, AR. Sellers was a member of the Army's 101st  Airborne Division. As a pathfinder, his mission was to lead the  invasion by parachuting behind enemy lines into Normandy and setting up  radar lights for C-47s, which had been loaded with additional  paratroopers the night before the amphibious landing.   He jumped over France and was targeted by German gunfire. He didn't  make it to the ground. Sellers landed in a tree not far from Utah  Beach, where he was killed. He was one of the first American casualties  of D-Day.   D-Day was the largest amphibious invasion in history. It remains one  of our Nation's greatest military achievements. As a cochair of the  Senate French Caucus, I was honored to introduce a resolution  recognizing the 75th anniversary of this operation and acknowledging  the courage and sacrifice of the Allied troops who came to the aid of  those oppressed by Nazi and Fascist regimes.   The courage, strength, and determination of members of the Greatest  Generation who were called to defend freedom at Normandy will always  serve as an inspiration for future generations of Americans. We must  honor and continue to defend what they fought for and fulfill our  obligation to support all of our veterans and their families.   This solemn occasion, the 75th anniversary of D-Day, deserves our  utmost respect and admiration. Let us resolve to reflect on the  sacrifice and heroism displayed on behalf of our Nation and the cause  of freedom. Let us also commit to let it influence us in ways that  challenge us to pursue the same devotional service to America as the  generation that stormed the beaches of Normandy in 1944.   I yield the floor.   