 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman and rise to support  moving forward to the next open phase of this impeachment inquiry so  that the American people can hear from witnesses, see the evidence, and  understand the troubling story of what has taken place in this  administration.   As chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, my priorities are  supporting American diplomats and diplomacy, working with partners and  allies, and ensuring that our foreign policy advances America's  interests.   This administration has, unfortunately, undermined all of those  priorities since its first day. But in the last month, we have learned  more and more about just how deep this goes.   The facts are clear: The White House launched a shadow foreign policy  that circumvented and undermined our normal diplomatic channels.   A distinguished career ambassador was publicly smeared and pushed  aside.   Critical military aid for Ukraine, a valued partner--locked in a  life-or-death struggle with Russia--was blocked.   The goal? Not some foreign policy priority; not an effort to make our  country safer or stronger--quite the opposite, as delaying these  resources hurt Ukraine and directly benefited Vladimir Putin.   Why, then? To pressure a foreign government to interfere in our 2020  elections. It is what the Framers feared most.   The President's own words say it best from the record of the call  with President Zelensky as he sought the tools to push back against  Russia. Mr. Trump's answer: ``I would like you to do us a favor,  though.''   Since that first damning piece of evidence came to light, the  Intelligence, Oversight, and Foreign Affairs Committees have worked to  fill in the pieces of the puzzle, thanks to the courage of public  servants who obeyed the law and testified, even in the face of bullying  and intimidation from the administration and of ugly, baseless smears  from the President's allies.   I condemn the shameful efforts to identify and harass the  whistleblower whose life may be jeopardized for coming forward to tell  the truth.   I salute all of those patriots, and I salute my fellow committee  chairs Mr. Schiff, Mrs. Maloney, and the late Mr. Cummings--   