 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Green and Mrs. Wagner for their efforts in a  bipartisan way. I thank the committee for reporting it overwhelmingly-- in fact, I think unanimously--out of committee. And I thank Chairwoman  Waters of the Financial Services Committee for her leadership in  advancing this important bill.   In 2017, damage from natural disasters, such as Hurricanes Harvey,  Irma, and Maria, cost our country and its territories $300 billion--in  1 year alone.   We know that these storms are becoming more frequent and more severe,  resulting from a change in climate. Sadly, our future will look more  and more like 2017 as the climate crisis worsens. That is why, after  visiting Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Florida Keys in  the fall of 2017, I helped lead a bipartisan effort to ensure that  Federal disaster relief funding is used to help communities rebuild to  21st century standards.   In my view, if we fail to help communities rebuild stronger, they  will be just as vulnerable to future disasters as they were before. Not  only is that an unwise path to follow, it is a waste of taxpayer  dollars. That is why I am glad that this bill includes important  provisions for climate resilience, hazard mitigation, and helping  communities rebuild to 21st century standards.   I am proud to bring this bill to the floor and hope that it will pass  with broad, bipartisan support. This bill authorizes, for the first  time, a community development block grant disaster recovery program.   The program has been in use through appropriations since 1993 to help  communities affected by natural disasters, but it has never been  formally authorized. That means that the Department of Housing and  Urban Development must go through extra hurdles before distributing  these emergency funds, which can delay assistance getting to the  communities that need it.   Mr. Green recognizes that, Mrs. Wagner recognizes that, and, frankly,  it is the unanimous view of the committee that this was a step to take.  With this legislation, that process will be streamlined, and we can do  our part to make the process of rebuilding after a natural disaster  faster and better.   I thank the chair and the sponsors of the bill for making commonsense  changes to help align it with some of the reforms we have made to the  Stafford Act following the 2017 hurricanes.   Importantly, the bill conditions the receipt of CDBG disaster funding  on the adoption of the latest building codes and standards for those  communities that want to rebuild in hazard zone areas, such as flood  zones. That will ensure that homes, schools, hospitals, and other  infrastructure are rebuilt stronger and more resilient, making them  safer for their occupants and, as I said, protecting taxpayer dollars  that aren't being used to rebuild these buildings and infrastructure.   I was pleased that, when we adopted the amendments to the Stafford  Act, Mr. McCarthy, the then-majority leader, and I were the cosponsors  of that legislation. I am pleased that Mr. McCarthy and I have worked  together to try to make this program stronger and better.   I have talked to my friend Garret Graves, who knows a lot about this  stuff, and he has a bill himself. I am going to look carefully at that  bill and try to work with him to make sure that we do, in fact, do what  I think everybody on this floor wants: make these programs work, not  only for those who are damaged, not only for the communities that are  ravaged by natural disasters, but also for the taxpayers.   None of us want to defend programs that don't work, don't work  quickly, aren't paid on time or correctly. Nobody wants to defend that.  But we have worked closely--when I say ``we,'' my office has worked  closely with the homebuilders to make sure that the homebuilders  thought this was a program that they could work with. They do.   So I urge my colleagues, in a bipartisan fashion, let us not once  again snatch partisanship from bipartisanship moving progress. So often  we do that. It is a shame, particularly when a bill is reported out of  committee unanimously.   Is this perfect? It may not be perfect. I don't know whether Garret  Graves' bill is perfect. I know he knows a lot about the subject, and I  am working to talk to him.   But let's pass this bill, not necessarily in lieu of other pieces of  legislation that can improve this process, but pass this bill as a step  towards progress, a step towards a more rational policy, and a step  towards making sure that we apply our moneys in a rational, effective  way for our citizens, for our communities, and for our country.   