 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, let me  disagree fundamentally with my friends on the other side of the aisle  about who is on the right side of history.   I would simply offer to my distinguished colleagues and to other  Members of the body that we need only to look at what has happened  during the past 2 years under the Ajit Pai-Donald Trump FCC and compare  it to what happened to the internet under the approach being advocated  by my colleagues today.   In 2015, President Obama's FCC ordered the imposition of title II  regulations to the internet. They called this net neutrality.  Basically, what it amounted to was a Big Government, Depression-era set  of regulations that gave bureaucrats control over virtually every  aspect of the internet. They implemented this in 2015, and investment  decreased dramatically during the next 2 years. This was the first time  in the history of the internet that broadband investment decreased  outside of the time of a recession. It was bad for the internet, bad  for the public, and bad for small businesses and startups. I wonder if  it is from this that the Save the Internet Act would save us. If they  want to save us from innovation and growth, then perhaps the Save the  Internet Act would get the job done, for we had no growth during that  time and less innovation.   Two years ago, the new FCC came in and did away with some of these  Big Government, Depression-era regulations that scared off investment,  particularly the Depression-era title II regulation, as if the internet  were going to be governed like a utility company from the 1930s and  1940s. It did away with them.   Since that time--in the 2 years of America's operating under what my  friends would end with this legislation--more Americans have been  connected to the internet than ever before. We have faster internet  speeds than ever before. Now, in States like my home State of  Mississippi and all across the great heartland of America, more rural  Americans get more internet at faster speeds.   We have two choices today--the one from 4 years ago that led to less  growth and a recession in the growth of the internet or the one from  the past 2 years, whereby we have been better off than ever before.   I will agree with my colleagues in one respect. We should have no  discrimination online, and we don't have discrimination online today.  There are no lanes, as my friends on the other side of the aisle have  said. There is no favoritism in what we are doing. We just have  prosperity and huge growth in the internet.   If my friends on the other side of the aisle want to join us in  enacting a permanent statute so we don't go back and forth between a  regime of Democratic-controlled FCCs and Republican-controlled FCCs, if  they would like to help us in that regard, statutorily place  nondiscrimination online in the law, free and open internet in the law  outside of the regulation of something that we have imposed on another  part of our economy half a century ago, then I hope they will join in  the bipartisan effort that Senator Sinema and I are participating in-- the Senate Net Neutrality Bipartisan Working Group. I would hope they  would want to join us in that regard.   We can make the statute better, but I would certainly offer to my  colleagues the facts, and the facts are that the past 2 years have been  a time of great growth of the internet. The previous 2 years, under  depression-era rules, were a time of dramatically decreased investment.   For that reason, I do object to the unanimous consent request offered  by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts.    Mr. President, I would simply say in response to my good  friend from Massachusetts: Where are the fast and slow lanes? They may  happen sometimes. We have been warned for 2 years this is going to  happen. It hasn't happened.   What has happened is the greatest growth in the internet that we have  seen, as opposed to the stifled growth we had during the 2 years of  title II regulation under the Obama administration.   I want to work with them on nondiscrimination online. Everyone wants  a fair and open internet, but I think everyone also wants the great  growth we have had over the past 2 years, and we can have it with a  bipartisan bill like the one Senator Sinema and I are working on and  unlike the idea of putting us under depression-era rules.   I yield the floor.   