 Mr. President, I rise to again support efforts to stop  U.S. direct military support for the Saudi-led coalition efforts in  Yemen.   I do not need to remind my colleagues what is at stake. Each time we  have considered this resolution, the situation for Yemenis is even more  dire.   Now in its fourth year, this conflict has put nearly 16 million  people on the brink of starvation, including 400,000 children who are  severely malnourished, displaced more than 3 million people, and done  nothing to increase stability or prosperity for the people of Yemen. In  fact, the longer this conflict goes on, the larger Iran's foothold in  Yemen grows and the more entrenched opposing political factions become.   In addition to the horrifying humanitarian crisis, we have also  learned that U.S. coalition partners may be transferring U.S.-origin  weapons to known--underline known--terrorist organizations. We have  read alarming reports about torture and abuse in prisons throughout  Yemen--both Houthi and coalition controlled.   I will simply repeat what I have said before. It is in the interest  of the United States to put as much political pressure on the parties  to end this conflict as we can. Yes, we have strategic partnerships  with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, but we must find a way  forward to get those relationships on a path that truly serves U.S.  interests.   To be clear, the Houthis bear significant responsibility in the  deterioration of the state of affairs in Yemen, and that is without a  doubt. We do not have diplomatic relations with the Houthis, and we  certainly don't sell them arms or provide active military support. This  resolution is a good first step, but what we really need is a  comprehensive approach to address our interests in the gulf.  [[Page S1827]]    Along with Senators Young, Reed, Graham, Shaheen, Collins, and  Murphy, I introduced the comprehensive Saudi Arabia Accountability and  Yemen Act. The bill calls for a suspension of offensive weapons sales  to Saudi Arabia, sanctions all persons responsible for blocking  humanitarian access in Yemen or supporting the Houthis in Yemen, and  urges accountability for all actors in Yemen guilty of war crimes.   Finally, it also addresses some of the most reckless Saudi actions by  calling for true accountability for those responsible for the murder of  American resident and journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, and a report on  human rights in Saudi Arabia.   I support this resolution and encourage us to continue to debate. We  must evaluate our relationship with these partners and find a path  forward not just in Yemen but indeed in the entire gulf region that  truly promotes American interests and American values.   Today is a day we can make a clear and unequivocal statement that we  do not support this continuing conflict and humanitarian disaster.  There is a consequence for acting in the way the coalition has--in many  cases, clearly, irresponsibly, with the reckless loss of human life. I  hope we can continue to work to go beyond that so we can deal with the  entire region's challenges.   I look forward to whatever is the agreement on amendments that may be  considered here. I personally would like to see us get an up-or-down  vote as a resolution. I understand there may be some amendments.   Depending upon what amendments are made in order, I may seek a  second-degree amendment at the end of the day. I am concerned that one  of these amendments that are contemplated may be well-intentioned but  also may very well be used in such a way to actually undermine the very  essence of the underlying vote we are taking.   I will reserve my judgment until that time on that, but in the  interim, I urge all of my colleagues to continue to support it, as they  did in the last vote on this question of this resolution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Brandon  Jacobsen, a fellow from the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, be  granted floor privileges while he serves on the Senate Committee on  Foreign Relations through August 15, 2019.   