 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to  commemorate the 150th anniversary of the West Point Association of  Graduates.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent the cadets, faculty, Active Duty  soldiers, and the many alumni of the United States military academy at  West Point in New York's Hudson Valley. In fact, I live right across  the river, and I hear the cannon every morning and every night. It is a  wonderful way to wake up and go to bed.   Just take a few steps on the grounds at West Point and it will be  clear to you that West Point is much more than a school. It is a  community of devotion made up of the best and brightest of our Nation's  past, our Nation's present, and our Nation's future.   Think of the legends and heroes who have graduated from West Point.  Such a pantheon clearly deserves more than a run-of-the-mill alumni  association. Accordingly, the West Point Association of Graduates has  fulfilled that need. It goes above and beyond, and it deserves the  recognition we are giving it tonight.   I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus),  a member of the association himself, for leading this Special Order to  honor the organization for the services and fellowship opportunities it  provides to graduates of all ages.   Our country's premier military academy has produced generations of  leaders in all fields, including 2 U.S. Presidents, 18 astronauts, 19  Rhodes scholars, 76 Medal of Honor winners, and countless numbers of  the Fortune 500 CEO's list, Cabinet secretaries, Governors, Senators,  and, for those who didn't do very well, Members of Congress.   These men and women are connected by ``The Long Grey Line,'' the  affectionate reference to the unique ties that bind all graduates. They  are linked by their commitment to living and, at times, even dying in  service of the motto ``Duty, Honor, Country.''   But they are also connected through the tireless work of an exemplary  alumni association. For 150 years, the West Point Association of  Graduates has fostered these connections by allowing generations of  graduates to grip hands with one another.   In some ways, the association is like other alumni associations, but  like all things West Point, it is much more. The association provides  mentorship and fellowship for younger alums, but often these alums are  also returning veterans who need a hand when they come back.   It supports local chapters across the country and around the world.  But for a group as far-flung as West Point grads, these connections  give graduates a sense of community when they are far from home.   It also helps graduates who have been hurt by hurricanes, tornadoes,  fires, and other natural disasters.   And it even offers a professional memorial services coordinator to  help grieving families navigate the funeral process at West Point when  that difficult time arrives.   These are the kind of people who make up The Long Grey Line in the  West Point Association of Graduates. They are fiercely committed to our  country and to each other.   During times of division, West Point graduates still rally around  their shared values and experiences to build bridges and remind all of  us what it is to be an American.   Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the West Point Association of Graduates  for 150 years of connecting distinguished alumni and providing a  helping hand to folks in need. I thank them for their service, and here  is to another 150 years.   