 Mr. President, I am down here on the floor to do what I  typically do on Thursday, which is talk about an Alaskan who is making  a big difference in my State, somebody I refer to as the Alaskan of the  Week.   But, you know, this is the Senate and we have debates, and we are  respectful in our debates, and there is no one in the Senate I respect  more than my friend from Delaware, Senator Carper--his service in  Vietnam and as a captain in the Navy. When he speaks, I listen, and I  have respect. But I actually thought, very briefly--it wasn't what I  was planning on doing, but I was just listening to someone I respect--I  thought I would offer a bit of a counter view for those watching in the  Gallery or on TV on what he just talked about.   It is a really important issue, but I just happen to respectfully  disagree with most--not everything, but most--of what my colleague just  mentioned. So I am just going to touch on that before I talk about an  Alaskan who is doing great work.   Just listening to my colleague talk about President Trump's turning  his back on Iran, the sanctions that we placed on Iran, which we all  voted for here in the Senate, are antagonizing Iran. Foreign Minister  Zarif is a moderate. Well, let me just touch on that. I think there is  this new narrative that is starting to come out from my colleagues,  and, again, I have a lot of respect for my good friend from Delaware,  but about this kind of blame America first, blame Trump, as if the  generals and admirals weren't advising him, and that Iran is some kind  of this new innocent moderate that we are turning our back on and we  are sanctioning them and antagonizing them. With all due respect to my  colleague on the other of the aisle, this couldn't be further from the  truth. Iran is no innocent. Iran is no innocent at all.   Iran is the biggest state sponsor of terrorism in the world and has  been for decades. As for the JCPOA, which my colleague is lamenting, I  read that. I certainly dug into that. I have been involved in our  broader Iran isolation policy for many years. That was the first major  foreign policy national security agreement in U.S. history that had a  bipartisan majority of Senators and a bipartisan majority of House  Members who were against it--against it, not for it. That did not have  support in this body--certainly not in the Senate, not in the House,  and not from the American people.   So as for this myth that somehow this was this great agreement, it  wasn't. It was a giveaway--billions to the largest state sponsor of  terrorism, where in 10 years they are free to go develop nuclear  weapons. This was not a good agreement, and this body said so. A  bipartisan majority in the House and the Senate disagreed with  President Obama. A partisan minority in the House and Senate, for the  first time in U.S. history, on a national security agreement of this  magnitude, somehow passed it.   So there is this myth that this was supported by Congress. It wasn't.  Democrats and Republicans opposed it--the majority in both Houses. And  by the American people, it certainly wasn't.   Remember, this is the country that, after the deal and during the  deal, continued to say what? We want to wipe Israel off the map. It is  not a really nice, innocent nation saying that: We want to wipe Israel  off the map. They continue to say that.    Here is the final thing. In my 4 years in the Senate, I have only  heard one other U.S. Senator--Senator Cotton from Arkansas--even talk  about this issue.   Starting in 2004, 2005, I was a staff officer, as a marine, to the  commander of U.S. Central Command, and there was top-secret information  that started to show in the region--and we were out there a lot, the  Middle East--that the Iranians were supplying the Iraqi Shia militia  with very sophisticated improvised explosive devices that were killing  our soldiers and our marines and our sailors. The Iranians, of course,  denied it. They were lying.   It all came out to be true. These were infrared tripwires,  explosively formed projectiles that could punch through anything-- Abrams tanks, humvees--and if you were an American soldier and you got  hit by one of these, you were pretty much dead.   I asked the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in an open Armed  Services Committee hearing how many American military members were  killed by these Iranian IEDs, and over 2,000 was his answer--2,000. I  have never heard any of my colleagues talk about that.   So the notion that Foreign Minister Zarif was a moderate when he was  negotiating with Secretary Kerry is belied by the facts. This Foreign  minister literally had the blood of American soldiers on his hands.   So I take these issues very seriously, like my colleague from  Delaware does.   There is this notion that our allies were all for the JCPOA. They  weren't. Some of our most important allies--Israel, the Gulf Arab  States, which we have been allies with for decades--were adamantly  opposed, and they are the closest to Iran.   So this notion that we are going to blame the administration--by the  way, we keep talking about President Trump. He is getting advice from  seasoned generals and admirals to reinforce our military presence in  the region because they see threats.   In the media right now, there is this narrative that the President is  trying to drum up a war. What about the generals? What about General  Dunford, a very well respected marine and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs?  Are they doing this?  [[Page S2911]]    I just came from reading some of the intel in the SCIF that is  prompting this discussion. Of course, I can't talk about it, but I  support what the administration is doing with regard to reinforcing our  military capabilities in the region, and this is the reason: It sends a  message to Iran that if they are going to try to do what they did in  2004, 2005, and 2006, which is kill and wound thousands of our military  members, we are going to have the capability to make them pay.   I don't like seeing anyone coming through Dover Air Force Base,  either, but over 2,000 of our troops were killed and wounded by these  leaders of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. The  notion that somehow they are some kind of innocent country that we are  antagonizing or ``turning our back on'' is not accurate. So watch out  for the new narrative that the Iranians are the innocents and that  somehow we are being provocative. What is provocative is killing our  troops, which they have a long history of doing--in Lebanon, the  marines--and we need to send a signal that if they are going to look at  doing this again or trying to or trying to kill our diplomats, it is  not going to be so easy this time.   I support what is happening there, and I hope my colleagues will.   We are going to get a briefing by the Secretary of State, the  Secretary of Defense, and the CIA next week on this, which I think is  appropriate. Let's remember who the real bad guys are. We are  Americans. Yes, we have political differences, but somehow, if we start  to make this narrative that Iran is the innocent and somehow the Trump  guys--John Bolton, for example--are some kind of evil people--come on.  Come on, really? The largest state sponsor of terrorism, responsible  for killing and maiming and wounding thousands of American soldiers,  the best and brightest in our country, and we are the bad guys? I don't  think so.   So watch out for that narrative. I certainly hope it is not going to  be something my colleagues on the other side of the aisle start getting  out there. It is already in the media. You have the former negotiator  for President Obama making these statements that, somehow, poor Iran;  all-bad America. I am not a big ``blame America first'' member, and I  think we need to be really careful when we talk about trying to  demonize our generals, admirals, and national security advisers and  make the Iranians look like they are some kind of innocents when they  are not.   I wish more of my colleagues would talk about the number of dead  military members killed and wounded by the Quds Force in Iran, because  they never do. No one here ever talks about it. Amnesia.   (Thereupon, Mr. Scott of Florida assumed the Chair.)   