 Mr. President, I rise today to speak on behalf of the  nomination of Mr. John Rakolta to become the Ambassador to the United  Arab Emirates.   Mr. Rakolta is the owner of a construction company that builds major  projects like factories, churches, hospitals, and airports. His firm  guides the work of thousands of workers here in the United States and  in countries around the globe. With revenues of approximately $1.7  billion annually, he has built one of the largest and most successful  general contractors in the Nation.   I presume this success has made him a prosperous person, but he is  also a person who is actively engaged in his community. He has served  on the boards of numerous organizations, several of which have focused  on the rejuvenation of his city of Detroit and its less advantaged  citizens. He has also received so many awards that it would be  impractical to list them all here today, but I note that he has been  honored by such groups as United Way, the Michigan Black Chamber of  Commerce, the Urban League of Detroit, the Boy Scouts of America, and  New Detroit.   Of course, my friends on the other side of the aisle are dutiful in  their examination of any possible flaw. I am convinced that the  concerns they may have raised are not well-founded, and he is, in fact,  entirely qualified and appropriately nominated to this important  position.   I note that I am biased in favor of Mr. Rakolta because I have known  him personally for more than 30 years. He and his family have spent  dozens of evenings in the home of my parents, studying the teachings of  their faith. He is a man who makes commitments only after a great deal  of thought, and when they are made, he is fully loyal to them in his  business, in his community, in his Nation, in his faith, and in his  marriage and family of 4 children and 11 grandchildren.   I know John Rakolta as a man of honor and integrity, and I am  convinced that he will serve the country well.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   