 Madam President, this month we celebrate the storied  history of incredible women in our country. We recognize the sacrifices  made and the battles fought to ensure a future where our daughters and  granddaughters are born into a world of equality and limitless  opportunity.   Throughout Women's History Month, we mark the historic strides women  have taken to advance our culture, our sciences, our States, and our  Nation. As we recognize these achievements, we must also assess and  advocate for the work still to be done, including the ratification of  the Equal Rights Amendment, the ERA. Ratifying the ERA would be a major  milestone on the road to equality. Not only would ratification enshrine  equal rights for women in the Constitution, it would also honor all of  those who have fought for justice along the way.   One such inspiring woman is civil rights activist Juanita Jackson  Mitchell. A Baltimore native, Mrs. Mitchell fought to end legally  sanctioned segregation in her community while she simultaneously  reached out to young people and mobilized them into civic engagement.  After she received her law degree from the University of Maryland, she  was the first African-American woman to practice law in our State, and  she worked tirelessly on a number of cases to provide more job  opportunities for African Americans. As the President of the NAACP in  Baltimore, she advocated for integration and later convinced the city  to hire Black social workers, librarians, and police officers, which  bolstered the community by helping to bring an end to long-held  systemic prejudices.   As a community activist and champion of women's rights, Mrs. Mitchell  exhibited true bravery in her engagement with her community. She  fearlessly paved the way for other women to join the movement. She  worked with the Kennedy and Johnson administrations to find solutions  for systemic social and educational discrepancies in communities of  color. Mrs. Mitchell  [[Page S1779]]  understood the importance of representative democracy and of empowering  those who could make differences in their communities. Juanita Mitchell  is a shining example of why a constitutional amendment to guarantee  women's rights is long overdue.   The ERA, which Congress approved in 1972, guarantees equal protection  under the law regardless of one's sex. At that time, Congress imposed a  7-year deadline--later extended to 10 years--for the States to act. By  the time this artificial deadline expired in 1982, 35 States had  approved the Equal Rights Amendment--three short of the 38 States  necessary to add it to the Constitution. Since then, two more States  have approved the amendment, which leaves us just one State shy of  reaching the goal. Congress must act to authorize additional time for  the remaining States to consider the amendment.   Earlier this year, I and the senior Senator from Alaska, Ms.  Murkowski, introduced a bipartisan Senate resolution, S.J. Res. 6, to  reopen consideration of the ERA. It may come as a shock to many that in  a country to which the world looks as being an example of liberty and  justice, our Constitution does not guarantee women the same rights and  protections as men. That is why this bipartisan resolution is  imperative as we urge Congress and the remaining States to finish what  we started nearly 50 years ago to ensure equality under the law for all  women.   In the early 20th century, women were disenfranchised and had little  or no legal, financial, or social opportunities to pursue. Property  ownership, jobs, and economic equality were privileges women did not  have. Today, a century later, more women have entered the workforce  than ever before. Women are filling leadership roles at unprecedented  levels, and we are finally on the verge of ratifying the ERA. This  change has boosted our economy, strengthened our families, and brought  our society to new heights of innovation, enlightenment, and  opportunity. We see that change is not only possible, it is essential  to realizing our greatest potential as a nation.   While ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment is critical to giving  women in our country the rights they deserve, it is not, in and of  itself, enough. I will continue to fight for the ERA but also for  women's economic opportunities and reproductive rights.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   