 Madam President, reserving the right to object, while we  very much appreciate what Senator Duckworth is trying to accomplish, I  must object to the request for unanimous consent.   The bill has only one cosponsor and has not gone through regular  order, the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee has not considered the  policy implications of the legislation, and the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs that I chair has not been given an  opportunity to understand the budgetary impacts the bill would have.   This legislation would be a significant policy change for VA and  would reduce revenue to VA medical centers by eliminating certain  copayments. Policy changes such as this should be thoughtfully  considered through full committees before being considered by the full  Senate.   I look forward to working with Senator Duckworth to see if we can get  this resolved, but based on these facts, I object.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Carper and his staff and  my staff for the tremendous job that they have done in recent years in  really trying to educate, through the caucus, the rest of the staff and  Members as to the importance of recycling. As a result of their  efforts, it really is making a big difference.   We hear a lot about Republicans and Democrats not getting along on  this and that, not getting anything done, and I think this is a great  example of something that is very, very important. It is not  glamourous, but it is things like this that really can make a huge  difference, as Senator Carper alluded to. We appreciate him and  appreciate his friendship.   Well, tomorrow, November 15, is America Recycles Day. So we are  asking Americans to join us as we come together and reaffirm the  importance and the benefits of recycling on this occasion. We all know  that recycling is a commonsense way for us to be responsible stewards  of our environment. Recycling also strengthens our economy and creates  hundreds of thousands of well-paying jobs throughout our country. This  is something that I believe everyone can agree is truly a win-win  situation.   Most Americans are familiar with traditional recycling efforts at  their city and county levels, which encourage citizens to recycle  household goods or business goods, such as paper, soda cans, and  bottles. However, recycling is much broader than these common  practices. Recycling is a $200 billion industry in our country, and it  entails much, much more than just traditional municipal recycling  programs.   My State of Arkansas is home to many examples of companies that are  contributing to a robust and growing commercial recycling industry. I  will give you an example.   Nucor, a leading steel producer located in Blytheville, AR, has the  capacity to recycle 6 million tons of steel per year--6 million tons-- and over 27 million tons nationwide, making it North America's largest  recycler. Nucor has also taken its efforts a step further by teaming  with local recycling facilities to help tackle some of the biggest  challenges associated with the practice in rural communities.   Nucor donated a recycled cardboard baler to Abilities Unlimited, a  local nonprofit that runs a nearby recycling facility. This investment  has proven mutually beneficial to Nucor and to the community. This  facility now provides an outlet for the steel company and community  members to recycle in a much more cost-effective manner.   In fact, Nucor plants in Arkansas have the capability to recycle  about 60 tons of cardboard annually thanks to this baler. More than 195  tons of cardboard, 21 tons of paper, and 71 tons of mixed plastics have  been recycled through this partnership.   Another industry leader leading the way is Walmart. As the world's  largest retailer, Walmart has put recycling front and center by raising  its packaging standards to include more recycled content and to  eliminate specific nonrecyclable packaging materials by 2020. Earlier  this year, Walmart announced its intention to achieve 100 percent  recyclable, reusable, or industrially compostable packaging by 2025.  Its leadership in this arena will help to create more demand for  recycled content and open the door for other companies to follow suit.    Lastly, I want to highlight the recycling accomplishments of Bryce  Corporation, a trailblazer in flexible packaging. This is the packaging  commonly used for chips, juice pouches, pet food, lawn and garden  materials, cleaning supplies, and many other products. Bryce employs  about 750 people at its Searcy facility and has achieved an  environmental footprint that the Central Arkansas community can be very  proud of.   At this location alone, Bryce has maintained a 98-percent landfill- free status and has supported the circular economy by recycling over 15  million pounds of plastics each year. The material recycled from this  facility is repurposed into other products, ranging from plastic  pallets to automotive parts. Bryce Corporation's innovative efforts are  a sterling example of recycling done right, and I am grateful for the  example it has set for the rest of the country.   Our country has certainly faced its fair share of recycling woes and  setbacks, but I have always maintained that in adversity lies  opportunity. I believe there is much to be learned from  [[Page S6600]]  the meaningful work that these companies are doing in Arkansas, and I  commend them on leading on the issue.   The United States has the ability now to improve its waste management  and recycling infrastructure and better leverage the economic and  environmental benefits of recycling.   I look forward to continue my work with my cochair of the Recycling  Caucus, Senator Carper. Again, I thank him and his staff and my staff,  who are doing such a tremendous job, and the other members of the  caucus who develop meaningful, long-term solutions that address the  challenges facing the industry.   I encourage all Americans to use America Recycles Day as an  opportunity to reflect on the critical importance of recycling and to  consider what we can do to support our environment through our own  individual efforts.    Yes, sir.    I think you make a great point in the sense that we do  things for the right reasons. That is so important. Also, it is  important, too, that not only can we do it for the right reasons and  benefit our environment, but it also can be cost-effective to our  businesses.   A good example of that is Walmart. Several years ago, they wanted to  reduce their fuel cost and then also reduce the harm in the sense of  the landfills and things like that. They looked and saw that on their  trucks, the limiting factor was not weight. It was bulk. You know how  you go to the store and you buy something and it has got this huge box  or whatever and it has got the little bitty product in it. They said,  you know, we don't need to be doing that.   So they told their vendors that they would like to go in that  direction, and to their credit, the vendors cooperated. As a result,  they were able to put more products on the truck, thus reducing fuel  costs--again benefiting the economy--and having less bulk for consumers  to deal with eventually. That was putting less pressure on the  environment because, you know, some people don't do a good job of  recycling.   These things can be so good for not only doing the right thing but  also improving the bottom line and making sure that we really are  putting less pressure on the environment.   We appreciate your leadership. You have been doing this for a long  time, as Governor and now as Senator, helping to put these things  together. We very much appreciate it.    We look forward to having a robust bunch of programs.   It is so important to educate people on what is recyclable because  not everyone knows. Different things are recyclable from one area to  another area. So we need education on that, and that will make it much  more efficient, with people putting in the correct things.   So we have some obstacles to overcome, but the good news is, there  are people working together, and we are moving in the right direction.    With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   