 Mr. Speaker, have our colleagues across the aisle  forgotten that the right to a jury trial was as essential a cause of  the American Revolution as was representative democracy and the denial  of voting rights itself?   John Adams said: ``Representative government and trial by jury are  the heart and the lungs of liberty. Without them, we have no other  fortification against being ridden like horses, fleeced like sheep,  worked like cattle, and fed and clothed like swine and hounds.'   The massive suppression of trial by jury rights by British  authorities was a critical cause of our Revolution. One of the charges  that Thomas Jefferson leveled against the British in the Declaration of  Independence was ``depriving us in many cases of the benefits of trial  by jury.''   Now, today, we have not a foreign king and government trying to  impose a closed Star Chamber on the American people but certain large  corporations chartered by the States that seek to divest consumers and  employees of their sacred trial by jury and due process rights by  conditioning their employment or their market agreements on relegating  them to closed-door binding arbitration sessions where all of their  rights are vanquished and the whole process, from start to finish, is  skewed in favor of the corporations that control and design the  proceedings.   This legislation, the FAIR Act, vindicates the most essential rights  of the American people.   Amazingly, the GOP floor leader admits that forcing victims of sexual  harassment into compulsory arbitration proceedings is unfair and agrees  with us that they should not be forced into compulsory arbitration. She  would like us to strip everything else out of the bill and boil it down  to that.   If it is not fair for victims of sexual harassment to be forced into  forced arbitration, why is it fair for victims of racial harassment,  consumer fraud, wrongful termination, or any of the other causes of  action that she would exclude from the legislation?   I am glad that the gentlewoman agrees with us on the importance of  not subjecting victims of sexual harassment to closed-door Star Chamber  proceedings, but this concession from the minority gives away the whole  game. If it is unfair to coerce them, it is unfair to coerce everyone  else, too.   The key to understanding this legislation is that any consumer or  employee who wants to enter into binding arbitration with a corporation  can do so and is perfectly free to do so after a conflict has arisen,  but it should not be compelled as a condition of employment, purchase,  or rental, essentially elevating the power of corporations that have  been chartered by the government over the essential constitutional  rights of the people.   