 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the  nomination of William Barr to be Attorney General.   Today, I want to make clear that I will be opposed to this nomination  for several reasons. I am just going to outline some of my key concerns  that really haven't been addressed much over the last few weeks.   I am specifically concerned about his view that the President of the  United States is effectively royalty, in his book, and he seems to  believe that the President is unaccountable to the laws of our Nation  or to the normal constraints imposed by the Congress. Today, I am going  to focus on what I consider to be Mr. Barr's dangerous views on  surveillance and his contempt for surveillance laws and the Fourth  Amendment.    It is my view this is not a partisan issue. There has been, for some  years, a bipartisan coalition in the Senate that has battled to protect  the privacy and constitutional rights of Americans, but Mr. Barr's  views, after I have laid them out today, ought to frighten every Member  of this Senate. What Mr. Barr has said is that whether the Congress  supports broader or narrower surveillance authorities and regardless of  whether Congress votes for more checks and balances and oversight, it  really doesn't matter. He has made the judgment, based on the  proposition which he has stated very clearly, that the President can  essentially do what he wants.   This nominee, in my view, poses a unique threat to the rule of law  and the Fourth Amendment. His long-held views, which presumably he  would put in practice if confirmed, threaten the very notion that  Congress or the courts have any say in who in America gets spied on. If  he is confirmed as Attorney General, he could take us back--and not  just 12 years to an era of warrantless wiretapping. As Mr. Barr himself  has made clear, he would be taking us back 40 years, to an era before  the Church Committee, when neither Congress nor the courts had any role  at all in checking or overseeing an abusive, out-of-control government.   Before the reforms of the 1970s, as has now been well documented, the  government committed one horrific abuse after another. It spied on  hundreds of thousands of innocent Americans. It spied on Dr. Martin  Luther King, Jr. It spied on activists. It spied on Congress. When  these abuses finally came to light, Congress acted by passing the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which established a secret court  to issue warrants against spies and terrorists.   Unfortunately, as we now know, the government violated the law when  it implemented its warrantless wiretapping program in 2001. The program  included warrantless collection of the content of private  communications, including through warrantless targeting of phone  numbers and email addresses of people in our country. The program also  included the bulk collection of phone and email records of enormous  numbers of innocent, law-abiding Americans. All of this occurred in  secret, without warrants or any judicial oversight at all, and almost  no one--no one in the Congress, nor even most members of the  Intelligence Committee--knew anything about it.   The secrecy didn't even end when the bulk phone and email record  programs were moved under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.  The Obama administration, just like the Bush administration, kept this  abusive program and the secret legal interpretations behind it from the  American people, even lying about it in public testimony.   How did these abusive and illegal programs get their start? With  secret determinations made at the Department of Justice that the law  didn't matter and that the President can do what he wants.   That brings us to Mr. Barr. His dangerous views on Executive power  have long been consistent--consistent--throughout his career, from his  writings at the Department of Justice in the late 1980s to the present,  but in October of 2003, he laid out in public testimony his position  that, in Mr. Barr's view, the President is not accountable to  surveillance laws and that the President enjoys huge loopholes in the  Fourth Amendment.   October of 2003 was shortly after Congress had passed the PATRIOT  Act, legislation that many in Congress have come to view as granting  too much authority with too little oversight, but from Mr. Barr's  perspective, the PATRIOT Act was too limiting and too constraining, and  that wasn't even the most troubling part of his testimony. Right up  front, he asked himself the question of whether the law was adequate to  fight terrorism. Here is what he said. He said he wasn't worried about  the law, and this is a direct quote: ``The critical legal powers are  granted directly by the Constitution itself, not by Congressional  enactments.'' In other words, Mr. Barr's view of surveillance is that  the laws passed by Congress do not matter. If the President wants to  violate them, it is Mr. Barr's position that he can just go out and say  he has constitutional authority and do it.   Here is a direct quote from Mr. Barr's testimony. Talking about laws  going back to the 1970s, he said: ``Numerous statutes were passed, such  as [the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act], that purported to  supplant Presidential discretion with Congressionally crafted schemes  whereby judges become the arbiter of national security decisions.''   I am going to unpack that sentence for a minute. From Mr. Barr's  perspective, decades of laws passed by the U.S. Congress are nothing  but schemes--schemes. He is talking about the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act, a fundamental framework of checks and balances that  Congress has relied on  [[Page S255]]  for four decades to ensure congressional and judicial oversight of  surveillance. He is talking about every modification of the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act, from the PATRIOT Act to what is called  section 702, reauthorized last year, to the USA Freedom Act, which was  intended to stop the collection of millions of innocent Americans'  phone records. Whatever you think of these statutes, they are how  Congress determines the extent of the government's surveillance powers  and exercises its responsibility to protect the rights of Americans.  Mr. Barr notwithstanding, these duly enacted laws of Congress are not  mere schemes.   Worse still, it is Mr. Barr's contention that all of these laws only  purport to have any effect. The President, says Mr. Barr, has the  discretion to ignore them. By definition, if you are saying that the  President can just ignore the laws, in effect, that is a position that  is in favor of tyranny. This is as dangerous a position as I have heard  in congressional testimony. It is very similar to the language that was  concocted in the Department of Justice to justify warrantless  wiretapping--and these are the views coming from the man who might be  Attorney General of the United States.    Mr. Barr is correct that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  gives judges some say in when the government can spy on Americans. It  is a secret system, one that greatly advantages the government and  almost always precludes challenges from those who are spied on. The  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act has been abused through secret  interpretations of law, but the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  does involve judges considering the Fourth Amendment rights of  Americans, and that is what Mr. Barr objects to.   Based on his own testimony, it is clear to me that Mr. Barr has  fundamental problems with the Fourth Amendment or at least its  application to anything the President might unilaterally decide  involves national security. He believes that if the government  determines there is a threat, there is no need to ask a judge for a  warrant.   The Fourth Amendment protects the rights of the people to be secure  against unreasonable searches and seizures unless there is a probable  cause warrant. That is what the Constitution says. Mr. Barr, however,  has found two very big loopholes in the Fourth Amendment.   First, he insists that if the government decides a foreigner in the  United States is ``apparently acting as a terrorist,'' then he or she  is not one of the ``people,'' and the government can just throw out the  Fourth Amendment.   Second, Mr. Barr argues that so long as the government says there is  a threat, a warrantless search is not unreasonable, and the warrant  requirement under the Fourth Amendment simply doesn't apply.   At the core of Mr. Barr's philosophy is that no one--not Congress and  certainly not judges--has any business assessing the government's  assertion about threats.   Here is another quote from Mr. Barr: These are ``assessments judges  are not competent to make or responsible for making under the  Constitution.''   For 40 years, judges of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  Court have been making these determinations, but, from Mr. Barr's  perspective, the courts are not competent to decide who gets spied on;  only the President gets that power.   Some might ask whether Mr. Barr has had a change of heart,  particularly since Congress has passed additional surveillance  authority in the year since his testimony. I hope we see in the days  ahead where he stands, whether he now believes that spying on Americans  and people in the United States has to be consistent with the laws  passed by Congress, but his 2003 testimony suggests that even new,  sweeping, bipartisan laws that have passed wouldn't satisfy him.   A little over a decade ago, Congress created section 702 of the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. That allows for warrantless  spying on foreigners overseas. I have said our country faces real  threats from foreigners overseas, so I stipulate that is something that  is important to the safety of the law-abiding people whom we all  represent. I have had serious concerns about the number of innocent  Americans whose communications are being swept up under section 702  collection, but at least the targets of the surveillance are overseas.   Mr. Barr would go further in his testimony, calling for the  warrantless targeting of people inside the United States. According to  Mr. Barr, there are individuals right here in the United States who  have no Fourth Amendment rights. This is an important issue today, and  it will become more important in the days ahead.   I have already stipulated that I think there are serious threats to  our country overseas. What troubles me is, as telecommunication systems  around the world become more globally interconnected, more and more  innocent Americans are going to get swept up in these searches. To me,  when you are talking--as Mr. Barr seems to be doing--that there are  individuals in our country who have no Fourth Amendment rights, that is  why I think all Senators should be troubled about these positions he  has long espoused.   There is also the matter of collecting business records, sensitive  information about Americans that are in possession of a third party.  Here, we are talking about your purchases, who you are communicating  with, where you are located at any time of the day.   Mr. Barr believes that the Fourth Amendment doesn't apply to any  records held by a company or other third party, no matter how sensitive  that information is. This view has actually been rejected recently by  the U.S. Supreme Court. What Mr. Barr has been saying is actually out  of sync even with the current thinking of the Supreme Court. The  Supreme Court most recently held that the Fourth Amendment does apply  to the government's collection of location data from wireless carriers.   Apparently, yesterday Mr. Barr said he had not read that Supreme  Court decision. Colleagues. I think that ought to be really troubling  to the Members of this body. We are talking about location data.  Location data can be a personal safety and national security nightmare.   We saw what happened just last week. In 2018, the wireless companies  all made promises to me that they wouldn't make available precise  location data to hedge funds, bail bondsmen--all kinds of bottom  feeders just looking to make a buck. What happened was, in 2018, those  wireless companies said they wouldn't make that data available any  longer to these location trackers and bail bondsmen and the like, and  then last week, a bounty hunter got 300 bucks and found out those 2018  promises to me meant nothing. So last week, the wireless companies  promised again that they wouldn't make location data available to all  of these financially interested parties. I appreciate their saying it,  but I will tell you, I will believe it when I see it, because we got a  promise in 2018 that they would be serious about protecting location  data, and we saw last week that they weren't.   We have the Supreme Court now making it clear that the Fourth  Amendment applies to the government's collection of location data from  wireless carriers, but the person who is up for nomination, Mr. Barr,  has not been willing to or doesn't find it important enough to even  read the Supreme Court decision on this case.   The government's collection of business records is authorized by  section 215 of FISA, which was part of the PATRIOT Act. There are  serious concerns about 215. It was abused for years to carry out a  secret program that swept up the phone records of millions of innocent,  law-abiding Americans. Even after the USA FREEDOM Act, which was  intended to end bulk collection, it has been used to collect hundreds  of millions of phone records. All the government needs to collect these  records is to show the FISA Court that the records are relevant to an  investigation. There is no requirement for a probable cause warrant.   This important law sunsets this year, so the Congress will have a  debate about whether these authorities are too broad, whether there is  a need for more checks and balances. I see my colleague from Texas, who  also serves on the Intelligence Committee. We are going to have a  debate on it. That is the way it ought to be.  [[Page S256]]    Today, we are talking about what I consider to be dangerous views  espoused by Mr. Barr. What Mr. Barr believes is that the government  shouldn't have any court oversight at all when it comes to collecting  the records on Americans. He thinks the government should just  unilaterally issue a subpoena and collect those records and that there  would be no oversight whatever. The foundation of Mr. Barr's beliefs  when it comes to surveillance is that the President can do whatever he  wants if he believes national security is at stake.   I am going to close by simply talking for an additional minute or two  about what it will mean if Mr. Barr is confirmed as Donald Trump's  Attorney General.   Right now, the President is openly considering a declaration that he,  Donald Trump, has emergency powers to override the will of the  Congress, and he is doing this while relying on a baseless assertion  that there is a national security crisis.   Until he was fact-checked, he was making very far-fetched claims  about terrorists coming over the border. He also regularly calls  journalists ``enemies of the people'' and calls for investigations of  his political enemies.   I would oppose the nomination of anyone with William Barr's views on  Executive power regardless of who was President, but the kinds of  threats I am talking about are too serious to ignore.   Donald Trump has openly said and said specifically how much he would  enjoy unchecked surveillance power. During the 2016 campaign, when the  Russians were hacking his opponents, the President of the United  States, our current President, said: ``honestly, I wish I had that  power. I'd love to have that power.''   If Donald Trump decides that national security is at stake and  William Barr is the Attorney General, it would be Mr. Barr who might  give him that power--power he could use with no oversight from the  courts and without regard to what Mr. Barr has dismissed as ``the  schemes''--our laws--of Congress.   In case anyone thinks Mr. Barr would himself serve as a check on the  President, he has also written that that is not the Attorney General's  job. Just last year, he wrote that all Executive power rests in one and  only one person--the President--and that the President doesn't have to  convince his Attorney General that his orders are legal.   Let me be clear. The issues I have raised with respect to Mr. Barr's  views on surveillance are not kind of conjecture or possible theories.  What I have been talking about this afternoon are the views outlined in  Mr. Barr's own testimony. I hope every Member of this body will take  the time to read Mr. Barr's testimony and consider what is at stake.   There are Members in both political parties in this Chamber who have  long been concerned about the expansive surveillance authorities under  the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and the possible abuse of  that law. Those concerns are, in my view, small potatoes compared to  what Mr. Barr has proposed, which is that the law need not constrain  the President whatsoever. For example, some Members of this body have  expressed concern about Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrants  in connection with the Russia investigation and whether all relevant  information has been provided to the FISA Court. Consider a world in  which the government doesn't need a warrant and doesn't have to justify  its surveillance to any court. Consider the possibility of abuse in  that world. That is the world Mr. Barr has testified he wants.   I also would appeal to my colleagues with whom I have had some pretty  vigorous debates over the years about surveillance and who may have no  concerns about the current framework of our laws. We can have our  disagreements about how to write the law. Here in the Senate, we do  agree that the laws passed by the Congress mean something. They are  binding, and they are not, as Mr. Barr has stated, ``schemes'' that the  President can just ignore whenever he feels like it.   This nominee has been more than clear about where he stands. He  believes that the President alone decides when there is a threat and  that when he does, he doesn't have to worry about Congress, judges, or  the laws, or the Constitution. In my view, that is a prescription for  trouble, a prescription for more abuses--abuses that Congress may or  may not even be told about. But we have been warned. We have been  warned by Mr. Barr's testimony.   I also would like to note that I have concerns about Mr. Barr that  relate to classified matters, and I am currently seeking  declassification of those matters and hope that this will be resolved  prior to any votes on the nominee.   I see colleagues are waiting.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, a few minutes ago, I got off the phone with  Jasmine Tool, who is an Oregonian living with an inoperable brain  tumor. As the shutdown lingers on, I want to share her story because  she has been bearing the unthinkable consequences of her illness.   I am going to start today by asking: How can a country as rich and  good and strong as the United States of America let Jasmine Tool suffer  this way?   She is a 34-year-old mother of two young children. She lives in Lake  County, a rural community in south central Oregon. She is a public  servant, an employee of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. She has  been living with an inoperable brain tumor. The cancer has caused  related debilitating conditions. She is in and out of hospital  emergency rooms. Her digestive system is impaired. With the invaluable  care provided by a home health worker, she takes in liquids and  nutritional infusions through tubing that is plugged into her abdomen.   Because she lives in a rural area, her treatment can require long- distance travel. That is hard to deal with when you are suffering from  the flu. Just imagine how hard it is with a brain tumor, a broken  digestive tract, and feeding tubes attached to your body that prevent  you from eating or drinking normally.   She is confronting this health challenge with remarkable bravery, and  I don't believe there is a single Member of the U.S. Senate who would  wish Jasmine's struggle on their very worst enemy.   Then comes the government shutdown.   Jasmine was due to travel to Nevada this month for treatment related  to her tumor, but last week, as she was prepared to go, she was  informed that her health insurance had lapsed. Initially, she thought  it might be--we all know with insurance--kind of a recent hiccup or  recent problem, something that could be corrected quickly.   This week, she learned that it lapsed in October--October, months  ago--and her insurance company told her that only her employer could  fix it.   Jasmine's employer is shut down. Nobody is answering the phones.  Right now, Jasmine Tool is suffering--this mother of two--and is unable  to determine what caused the lapse in her coverage or what can be done  to get it fixed.   The most immediate threat is this: Jasmine was told that her home  health assistant cannot continue to help her if she doesn't have  insurance. That means that within days this 30-year-old mom will not be  able to get the infusions she needs to stay alive.   Now, if that isn't enough, Jasmine has been failed by the government  on multiple occasions. Shortly after she went on medical leave in early  2017, she began the process of applying for disability--disability  retirement. She worked with the appropriate human resources official to  prepare the paperwork to send to the Office of Personnel Management.  She thought, as anybody would, that the process was underway and she  would hear back soon about the results of her application.   She just learned recently that the official who prepared the  documents retired without sending them in. For a year and a half, while  Jasmine fought cancer and was just hoping to get some positive news,  her disability paperwork sat in an unused office--just sat there  collecting dust.   She had to travel to that office against her doctor's orders to  finalize the paperwork once more and prevent a loss of benefits. But  the Office of Personnel Management--that is shut down too. Jasmine  hasn't been able to learn where her benefits stand.   It is too cruel already that thousands and thousands of American  workers are going without paychecks. This shutdown is making victims of  those who do public service. But consider what it is doing to this  young mother of two, a woman who is currently fighting for her life  right now.   Because of this shutdown, she can't figure out how to restore her  health insurance. She can't get the status of her disability  application. She could be cut off--I just talked to her--from her  nutritional supplements in a matter of days. That means Jasmine could  starve. That is what she just told me.   So I have been talking to people who have suffered from health  challenges  [[Page S264]]  for a long time--director of the Grey Panthers about 7 years at home. I  listened to Jasmine and I just said: How can it be that there is no  outbreak of conscience here--no outbreak of conscience here in this  Senate? How can a country as rich and powerful as ours fail Jasmine in  such a shameful way?   Our country is going to spend $3.5 trillion on healthcare--$3.5  trillion on healthcare--this year. It is not a lack of money that is  causing this nightmare for Jasmine Tool in rural Oregon.   With the government reopened, things would be different. Things would  be very different for Jasmine. There would be somebody on the other end  of the phone line to tell Jasmine what happened to her insurance, and  because of the professionalism of those in these positions, I think  they could tell her how to renew that insurance. There would be  somebody to tell her what is happening with her disability application.  Jasmine could bring back her home health aide and get the infusions she  needs to survive.   So I am asking the Senate, how can this be allowed to continue? How  can this be allowed to continue? The Senate passed a bipartisan  government funding bill by voice vote just 2 weeks ago in the previous  Congress.   I see Senator Collins. She has a longstanding interest in these  healthcare issues. Senator Sasse also, I know from our conversations,  has a heart and cares about people.   The House passed this legislation. The pathway out of this shutdown  is right in front of us if the majority leader would decide when to  bring up the legislation again, and we could do it tonight. Jasmine  Tool could get the lifesaving healthcare that she needs, based on our  conversation, by week's end, so she will not starve.   Otherwise, unless the majority leader calls it up, it seems to me the  White House has no plan to end this shutdown. So I just think it has to  end right here--right here in the U.S. Senate, where all of us say:  This cannot go on any longer.   I just spoke to a young mom in rural Oregon who is in a fight for her  life, a fight for her survival.   Colleagues who are here, I am sure Jasmine is not the only such case  in America. Jasmine Tool--my guess is, there are plenty of others in  communities across the country. Jasmine Tool does not have the luxury  of time.   I am going to go back to my office. My staff here, my staff folks in  Oregon--we are just going to be pulling out all the stops now because  it really is a matter of hours to get Jasmine the help she needs. We do  it recognizing that there is only one immediate solution: The shutdown  must end, and it must end now.   I yield the floor.   