 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to title III of the  Democrats' rules package which, as you have heard, paves the way for  Speaker Pelosi to unilaterally take legal action on behalf of the  entire House of Representatives in the ongoing court case surrounding  the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act and any future court  cases on the ACA as she sees fit. That is a pretty big blank check.   Madam Speaker, first of all, I object to this vote on the grounds of  pure common sense. The authority we are voting on today was already  given to the Speaker last week under title I of the Democrats' rules  package. You can look it up. It is right there, beginning on page 30.  You will find it after the provisions that make it easier for House  Democrats to increase taxes and to set up automatic debt limit  increases. Not to mention, Speaker Pelosi has already filed three  motions to the court to intervene in the case since last week's vote.    Moreover, Democratic Attorneys General from intervening States are  already defending the law in the case, and the judge's ruling has  already been stayed and appealed. So this is an unnecessary waste of  time, paper, and ink.   I can only assume part of the reason for today's show vote is to  distract from Democrats' real radical views on healthcare.   Madam Speaker, where is the single-payer, $32 trillion government  takeover of healthcare bill which ends employer- and union-sponsored  healthcare and forces the 158 million Americans who get their  healthcare through their job into a one-size-fits-all government-run  plan?   A majority of House Democrats supported that proposal--or one very  like it--in the last Congress. When will they keep their promise to  bring that plan up for a vote?   Madam Speaker, today's vote to repeat the authorities given the  Speaker last week is just for show. It is not a serious exercise in  legislating. Meanwhile, last week, Republicans brought a powerful but  simple amendment to the floor that would have actually called on this  body to legislate on something we all could agree needs to be done, and  that is to lock in protections for patients with preexisting  conditions. But, unfortunately, in a fit of partisanship, Democrats  voted that down.   Therefore, I urge my colleagues to reject this unnecessary political  theater today and vote ``no'' so we can work together expeditiously to  guarantee preexisting condition protections for all Americans, and do  so in a manner that can withstand judicial scrutiny.   