 Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to vote ``no''  on this previous question because in doing so we can finally take care  of a matter that should have been taken care of long before now that I  understood was a bipartisan matter. Both sides of the aisle wanted to  help address the tremendous backlog of DNA rape kits that needed to be  analyzed. The Debbie Smith Act, as my friend from Arizona indicated,  was previously passed and reauthorized, and now we need to reauthorize  it again because even though there are 641,000 DNA cases that were  processed, there is still so much that needs to be done.   In addition to crime scene evidence and rape kits, the Debbie Smith  funds also are utilized to process offender DNA samples to ensure  evidence from unsolved crimes can be matched against our database. So  the funds provided by the act are incredibly critical since they will  help solve crimes and get criminals off the streets.   I know from my friends across the aisle and in our hearing that was  just going on that I just left in Judiciary that there is an effort to,  as one Democratic witness said: Gee, we are here just to ask you to do  something.   Rather than taking guns from law-abiding citizens as is being  proposed, I would submit a better answer is let's get the criminals off  the street. I know there is a big effort to get criminals out of  prison, but how about if we get criminals back in prison for crimes  they have committed that have not been adjudicated?   This needs to be addressed. It shouldn't be a political issue. If we  could get a majority to vote ``no'' on the previous question, then we  will get this amendment in as part of the rule. I don't know if we  would have more than a couple of people who would even vote against the  Debbie Smith Act. So it is all a matter of getting it to the floor.   Here we are about to enter October, and we still have not taken this  commonsense step to get criminals off the street. So I hope we will do  the right thing by all those victims, all those women who have been  raped and are waiting for their criminal--their horrible and torturous  individual--to be taken off the street. Let's vote ``no'' on the  previous question, and then we can do that.   