 Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment to bring  attention to the provision I fought to include in the Transportation,  Housing and Urban Development funding package.   With support from the Amalgamated Transit Union, we were able to  secure $5 million in technical assistance and training in this bill,  with a specific $2.5 million set aside for frontline bus, rail, and  transit workers.   These critical funds would provide frontline workers with  professional development and training to help bus and transit operators  hone their professional skills. This funding will make our public  transit safer, more efficient, and help workers better provide for  their families as they climb up the professional ladder.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Price and Nita Lowey for supporting the  inclusion of this provision, and I urge support for this en bloc  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment that I offer, along with Congressman  Cisneros of California, would set aside an additional $5 million to  fund the design, planning, and preparation of innovative transit- oriented development, or TOD, projects. TOD projects that incorporate  better land use planning and design can be instrumental in preventing  displacement and  [[Page H5066]]  gentrification in both urban and rural areas, leading to more equitable  development.   Without proper funding for planning, poor land use decisions can  often increase the threat of displacement. Too often, it is communities  of color and working-class families who suffer most, like the 23,000  Hispanic and African American residents who have left the Logan Square  neighborhood in my district, as well as the Pilsen part of my district  in Chicago.   My amendment would provide a modest increase to the funds available  for transit-oriented planning and design and better provide access to  jobs and affordable housing in communities across the U.S.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to point out that  better planning could, in fact, save more money that would be available  for infrastructure and development.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Price), the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on  Transportation, Housing and Urban Development.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   