 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Haaland, not just  for giving me some time to speak, but for being such a terrific leader  and being such an important voice, both for her district, and for  people all over this country.   She, along with Sharice Davids, are two superstars of the freshman  class who have been just terrific in adding their voices to this body.   I also want to recognize Gwen Moore who has just been a tremendous  champion on behalf of Native Americans and has been a real leader on  issues like the Violence Against Women Act and has made a tremendous  amount of progress for Native Americans throughout this country.   As was mentioned, November marks Native American Heritage Month, a  time to honor the first Americans. I am proud to represent 11 Tribes  that have called my region home since time immemorial.   Each of these sovereign nations has their own unique culture and  tradition and stories that add important threads to the fabric of our  Nation.   I think about some of the most extraordinary moments that I have had  as a Representative:   Visiting with the Quinault Indian Nation along with the U.S.  Commission on Civil Rights, and having conversations about some of the  civil rights challenges, not just facing the Quinault Nation, but  Native peoples throughout this country.   Visiting the Makah Tribe during Makah Days, and going on a hike with  the then-chairman of the Tribe, going out to the northwestern tip of  the continental United States. My daughter was with us and she asked  the Tribal chair: ``Is this the end of the world?''   And he said, ``We consider it the beginning of the world.''   Visiting the Quileute Tribe and participating in their festival out  in La Push, which is one of the most beautiful places on the planet.   Visiting with the Hoh Tribe and celebrating a water project that that  Tribe had led the way on and touring with their Tribe and seeing some  amazing assets and also seeing some of the real challenges that they  have.   Just recently visiting the Chehalis Tribe, seeing some of their  enterprises and seeing the value of the work that they do, how much it  contributes to the local economy there, and how much it means to their  ability to provide services to their Tribal members.   Visiting the Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe and visiting their ancestral  lands and seeing the dam removal project that occurred there that is  giving new birth to the environment there in that region.   Visiting with multiple generations of the Jamestown S'Klallam Tribe,  visiting their leaders and hearing about the important role that  fishing and shellfish growing has meant for their Tribe for generations  and generations.   Visiting the Port Gamble S'Klallam Tribe just this past year and  hearing about some extraordinarily innovative work that they are doing  to try to reduce recidivism in our criminal justice system and give  people a second chance.   Sitting down just this past year for lunch with the leaders of the  Skokomish Tribe in a beautiful Tribal center and hearing about some of  the challenges that their Tribe faces and some of the opportunities  that they have.   Visiting with the Squaxin Island Tribe, visiting their child  development center and seeing the investments that they are making in  kids and in future generations.   Developing a friendship with the Suquamish Tribe with their chairman,  Leonard Forsman, who has come into this Chamber for the State of the  Union, who has beaten me in basketball, and hearing him speak  passionately about treaty obligations.  [[Page H9050]]    I could talk about others, the Tulalip Tribe that recently hosted an  important conversation about protecting Puget Sound and honoring Billy  Frank Jr.   Madam Speaker, the Snoqualmie Tribe, from your district, visited with  me just today. That is a Tribe that is very important in our region,  and in their ancestral homelands is where I almost proposed to my wife  before I chickened out.   These communities have shown us the importance of caring for iconic  natural resources like salmon and shellfish that are found throughout  the Pacific Northwest and have fought to protect our land and waters,  not just for themselves, but for future generations.   They have shown all of us the importance of honoring and respecting  the role of our elders, and never forgetting the time-honored  traditions that are passed down.   They have defended our freedom by putting on the uniform of the  United States military. They play a key role in driving our local  economies.   This month, Native American Heritage Month, reminds us that we have  an opportunity to build a foundation of cooperation as partners to  secure a brighter future for Tribes, not just in the Pacific Northwest,  but all around this country.   Unfortunately, the Federal Government has failed to uphold the  promises made to these communities far too often. So, today, as we mark  Native American Heritage Month, I want to affirm my commitment, and I  think all of my colleagues want to affirm their commitments, to  ensuring that the Federal Government honors its treaty and trust  obligations.   I am grateful that earlier today the House Natural Resources  Committee held an oversight hearing on the recent U.S. Commission on  Civil Rights report called: ``Broken Promises: Continuing Federal  Funding Shortfall for Native Americans.''   A couple of years back I called on the Commission on Civil Rights to  produce this report, to give Congress a roadmap for how to meet its  treaty and trust obligations for Indian Country. I am proud to see  Congress taking concrete steps to address the recommendations outlined  in this report.   The decisions we make today should be with an eye toward how they  will affect our children seven generations into the future. So I want  to invite those at home and my colleagues to join us in celebrating the  history and culture of our Tribes and all Tribes around this country.   Let's recommit to working with our Tribal partners to make a brighter  future for all.   