 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment  to H.R. 3055, which would provide funding for the 400 Years of African- American History Commission. I would like to thank my colleagues,  Representatives John Lewis, Barbara Lee, and Rashida Tlaib for  cosponsoring this amendment which would provide an additional $500,000  to support the work of this important commission. I would also like to  thank Chairwoman Lowey, Chairwoman McCollum and the Appropriations  Committee for working with me to include funding in the underlying bill  and their support for this amendment.   The 400 Years of African American History Commission is charged with  planning programs and activities to commemorate the arrival of the  ``twenty and odd'' enslaved Africans who arrived at Point Comfort,  Virginia 400 years ago this August and to recognize the influence and  contributions of Africans in America in the 400 years since.   Unfortunately, that August day in 1619 was not the last time men,  women, and children arrived to our country as slaves or were born into  bondage here. The history of our nation cannot be fully understood or  appreciated without knowing and acknowledging their stories and  understanding the ramifications of slavery. We must not ever allow  ourselves to forget that this country, including our nation's Capitol,  was built through the forced labor of enslaved Africans and their  descendents.   More than a stain on our nation's past, racism in America did not end  with emancipation nor the end of Jim Crow. We must recognize how it  continues to impact our communities and our nation today as we address  issues of environmental justice, voting rights, mass incarceration,  police brutality, and inequity in education and housing. Only then can  we begin to move forward together as a country.   In the past 400 years, African Americans have struggled and  triumphed, making important strides and innovations in science,  medicine, business, politics, law, the arts, and more. As we remember,  mourn, reflect, and study horrific parts of our nation's history and  work to address systemic racism today, the Commission is also intended  to celebrate the many accomplishments of African Americans.   This body has a history of funding the work of similar commemorative  commissions and I trust that our support for the work of this  commission will be no different. I remember fondly the many  celebrations surrounding the 400th anniversary of the Jamestown  Settlement in 2007, just a few miles up the James River from historic  Point Comfort. As we look forward to the 100th anniversary of the 19th  Amendment next year, I am grateful for the Women's Suffrage Centennial  Commission and the funding they have received to support their  important work. I am also grateful for this body's generous support of  the United States Semiquincentennial Commissioners as we prepare to  celebrate the 250th anniversary of American independence in 2026.   It was the successes of those previous commemorative commissions that  Senator Tim Kaine had in mind when he initially developed the concept  for this commission and asked me to introduce his bill in the House of  Representatives. Each of these commissions received generous federal  appropriations.   While we were successful in getting our bill enacted and the  commission established, Congress has yet to appropriate any federal  funds to support the work of the 400 Years of African American History  Commission. That changes with the Fiscal Year 2020 Interior bill, which  already included $500,000 for the commission. The additional $500,000  of funding provided in my amendment will ensure that there are  sufficient opportunities for the American people to gather, to study,  to reflect, and to fully appreciate the story of African Americans,  their contributions to the fabric of our nation, and their resilience  over the last 400 years.   Mr. Chair, while it is imperative that we observe this year, 2019, as  the 400th year since the arrival of the first enslaved Africans in the  English colonies with reverence, it is equally important that we  celebrate all that our communities have achieved throughout those 400  years.   I hope that my colleagues will join me in marking this occasion, as  this body has so many other anniversaries, by fully supporting the  Commission's ongoing work. Their efforts to preserve history and invite  all Americans to reflect and remember is essential as we continue to  work towards creating a more perfect union.   Ms. MOORE, Mr. Chair, I rise to thank the chair and ranking member  for including my amendment to increase funding to help low-income  households replace lead pipes in this en bloc amendment.   Even with the plus-ups in this bill for a number of programs within  the EPA's State and Tribal Assistance Grant account, and I thank the  subcommittee and full committee for their work there, the amount of  resources we are providing pales considerable in comparison to the need  to address water infrastructure needs.   Let's just look at this program that I am amending today. The program  is authorized at $60 million. Even after the subcommittee provided a $5  million boost (and I thank the chairwoman for that), it still is only  funded at a third of the authorized level.   This is a critical program because grantees are able to provide aid  to low-income homeowners to replace lead service lines. Unfortunately,  those households most affected by this problem often have the fewest  resources to replace the pipes.   Recent media reports indicate that the EPA may be finally closer to  issuing its new lead in drinking water regulations.   And while better and stronger regulations help, we won't regulate our  way out of the lead poisoning crisis that is afflicting our  communities.   We must put our funding where our mouths are. We must help get the  lead pipes out of the ground and help homeowners get them out of their  homes. We must ensure children get tested and treated, if they need it.  We must ensure that homes with lead paint get remediated. And all of  that takes funding--there is no substitute for that funding.   Just this past weekend, the city of Milwaukee had the honor of  hosting the Great Lakes Governors and Premiers, the chief executives of  what would be the third largest world economy if you added up the GDP  of the individual states and provinces.   At the top of their agenda was addressing how to provide clean  drinking water for the over 105 million residents of the Great Lakes  region on both sides of the international border. According to the  Governors and Premiers, the Great Lakes region contains the highest  concentrations of lead service lines in the United States.   I want to echo the call of the Great Lakes Governors & Premiers for  the federal governments ``of both the U.S. and Canada to provide  appropriate resources . . . to support the accelerated replacement of  Lead Service Lines.'' They also called for a comprehensive approach  that leverages ``a variety of funding sources and flexibility to match  the right tool with each project.''   This bill moves us forward--no question. The THUD bill that we are  tackling later this week also provides increased funding for HUD's  housing lead control programs. But we need to start taking much bigger  steps if we are ever going to get to the point where all children will  be safe from this scourge.   That's the goal of this amendment. And I thank the chairwoman for her  support.   