 Mr. President, we are set to borrow nearly $1 trillion this  year. Our overall debt is over $22 trillion.   In my office, I have a debt clock. You can see it at debtclock.org.  It is spinning out of control. The numbers are mind-boggling. In the  next decade, just the interest on the debt is set to exceed $1  trillion. That is $1 trillion simply wasted because we are not fiscally  responsible enough to balance our budget.   There are ramifications to having so much debt. When we monetize the  debt or the Federal Reserve creates money to pay for the debt, what  ends up happening is it dilutes the value of our current dollars.   We have been doing that for a long period of nearly 100 years or over  100 years, since the Federal Reserve was created, and the vast majority  of the dollar's value has been lost over time.   Inflation is not what it used to be, but there are still other  problems. As interest grows on the debt, it crowds out other spending.  So when we get to spending $1 trillion on the interest of the debt,  what it is going to do is it is going to crowd out other spending.  Whether you are on the right and you want more military spending or you  are on the left and you want more welfare spending, it is being crowded  out by the debt growing so much that interest is pushing out other  projects.   What I have offered is a commonsense approach to this. Everybody has  their sacred cow. Everybody has some money they want to spend  somewhere. Why don't we cut every program by 2 pennies? We have a 2- percent across-the-board cut, and so what we would do is we would spend  98 percent of what we spent last year.   It is interesting that groups come in to see me in the office, and  they say ``Well, we have this dramatic program, and it is to cure AIDS  or Alzheimer's or diabetes, and it is going to be this wonderful  project,'' and I say ``Well, last year you got $100 million; could you  deal with $98 million this year?'' Interestingly, whether they are  conservative, liberal, or independent, they look at me and say ``Well,  gosh, yes, I think I can deal with $98 million instead of $100 million;  I think we could deal with a 2-percent cut if we get 98 percent of what  we got last year.''   Most of the groups that are actually invested in this and have a  family member with one of these diseases think they can deal with it.  Do you know the only people in the whole country who think we couldn't  do it? The people you have elected. They have become so distant from  you that they will not vote for any cuts. They think: Oh, woe is me. It  will be so much money.   The media will say that even a freeze in spending for 10 years is a  $10 trillion cut. How could that possibly be? If we spent the same  amount of money next year as we spent this year, how could that be a  cut?   But the media controls the narrative. The left has aided and abetted  them. They say: Well, we were going to spend 5 percent more, so you cut  5 percent by not increasing the spending from last year.   That is ridiculous. They call a freeze a spending cut. If your salary  is going to be the same next year as it was last year, is that a cut or  is it getting the same salary?   What I am proposing is that we cut it by 2 percent. Why? Well, we  would like to balance the budget, ultimately. This is just the annual  budget. This isn't getting rid of the debt--not the $22 trillion debt.  It is just so we quit digging the hole deeper.   For the first several years I proposed this, we called it the penny  plan. We would cut 1 percent a year for 5 years and the budget would  balance in 5 years. Nobody listened.   Not one Democrat cares at all about the debt. Not one of them will  ever vote to cut any spending. Now, on the Republican side, they  profess to care, but over half of them will not vote to cut any  spending. There is a lot of hypocrisy to go around.   When I first started introducing the penny plan, a 1-percent cut  would have balanced the budget in 5 years. But since we didn't do it,  government spending kept exploding and growing and growing, so now it  takes a 2-percent cut. This would be a 2-percent cut of everything but  Social Security.   The problem is, though, nobody has introduced a bill in decades and  nobody has had a vote in decades on a bill to fix the real problem,  which is entitlements. So many of the people will bemoan: Oh, we could  never fix it by cutting the discretionary spending, so I am not going  to cut any. But that is the only thing we get to vote on, so that is  what we are putting forward, a 2-percent cut. Still, in order to  balance it, you would have to have a 2-percent cut of the entitlements,  as well, but we might as well start with what we are doing.   Some people say: Well, government is so essential. We would cut  government, and what would happen to the people who depend on it?   Let me give you an example of some of what your government is  spending your money on. The National Science Foundation probably gets  the award for some of the most ridiculous spending in all of your  government. Even since the times of William Proxmire, in the early  1970s, they would get the Golden Fleece Award.   One of his first awards gave them an award for spending $50,000 to  determine what makes you happy. It was thought to be ridiculous at the  time, and then, for the last 50 years, we have continued to do it. In  fact, just this last year, the National Science Foundation is still  concerned about what makes you happy. They spent $500,000 this time. I  guess that is inflation. They spent $500,000 studying whether it makes  you happy if you take a selfie of yourself while smiling. If you will  keep looking at the picture of yourself smiling--the selfie you took-- is that worth $500,000? Do we not have something better we could do?  Maybe we can reduce the deficit by cutting the National Science  Foundation.   They also studied what Neil Armstrong said when he landed on the  Moon. Did he say ``one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind''  or did he say ``one small step for a man''? They spent $700,000 of your  money studying whether Neil Armstrong said ``a man'' or ``man.''   Guess what the experts said after they listened to the tape crackle,  crackle, crackle, over and over again, for $700,000. They don't know.  Experts still disagree on whether he said ``a man'' or just ``man''-- $700,000.   We spent $1.2 million studying online dating. Look, they seem to be  successful. I think it must be working. The websites are making a ton  of money. Millions of people use them. Why in the world would  government study whether dating sites work?   They spend $1.5 million trying to make tomatoes taste better. I don't  know where that came from. They funded a book on appreciating the  metric system for $188,000. There was a conference sponsored on balding  for $22,000.   The Department of Commerce got into the game. They developed a  digital down marker for football games for  [[Page S6185]]  $130,000. I think that had existed already. They spent $500,000 on a  movie about the kilogram. Raise your hand if you are going to stay up  tonight to watch the documentary by the Department of Commerce on the  kilogram.   The Department of Agriculture provides marketing assistance for  specialty crops, including Christmas trees. It turns out there are more  specialty crops than regular crops. There was $50,000 given to the  State of Georgia for marketing Christmas trees.   The Department of the Interior studied people's experiences with sea  monsters in Alaska--$150,000. I thought sea monsters were fake news,  but I guess in an era of fake news, it is difficult to determine what  is really fake news. Your government spent $150,000 studying sea  monsters in Alaska.   They built a parking lot at an Indian casino for $500,000. These  casinos apparently make multiple millions of dollars a year, and we  spent $500,000 paving a parking lot for a for-profit enterprise.   We built a self-cleaning toilet in a New York City park.   We gave $1 million to subsidize Lyft rides. I thought Uber and Lyft  were doing quite well without our help.   We gave $153 million to D.C. Metro, which apparently is one of the  most mismanaged metros in the country.   Let's see. National Endowment for the Arts--we spent $25,000 on a  museum to Hollywood. If there is any person in the country who really  does not need any more adoration--and the taxpayers to pay for  adoration--it is Hollywood, but you spent $25,000 building a museum, so  I guess they can appreciate themselves even more.   In order to combat homelessness in LA, we paid to put on plays.  Apparently, if you are homeless, it must make you feel better to watch  street performers performing a play in front of you.   We also paid to put on dances with the Cars. While that may sound  entertaining, it might be that we might have other things we might want  to spend that money on.   We were told every year that we couldn't possibly cut any spending.  There is no way we could do it.   I put forward these spending proposals because I ran for office and  said that we should balance the budget. I actually believed what I ran  on. I thought I would get here, and I thought there would be momentum.   The Republicans all talked about the debt. They don't care. The  Democrats are not going to vote for it. No Democrat will vote for a  spending cut--never have and never will. But the Republicans will at  least tell you they will, and then they don't.   What I am putting forward today is a 2-percent cut across the board.  They get to spend 98 percent of what they spent last year, and we could  be serious about actually bringing our budget into line. I have yet to  meet someone at home who doesn't think it is a good idea, and I have  yet to meet very many people here who are willing to entertain the  idea.   There is a disconnect between Washington and the people. If you were  to ask the people in any of the States that are represented at least by  the Republican side--and I venture to say by some on the Democratic  side--if you were to ask any of the people in those States ``Do you  think we could live with 98 percent of what we spent last year?'' I  think the people would say that we ought to do it. Most businesses or  families in our country have had to deal with less money and have often  had to deal with a lot less than 98 percent of their previous salary,  and people do. Businesses recover all the time by having to clamp down  and watch their costs, but government never does. Government just keeps  spending and spending and spending.   The vote on my amendment will come up in the next few minutes, and it  will be a 2-percent cut across the board, and I urge the other Senators  to vote in favor of it.   At this time, Mr. President, I call up my amendment 1019 and ask that  it be reported by number.   