 Mr. President, it is December, so America's attention turns  once again to the great debate of our times: What is the best Christmas  movie? Is it ``White Christmas,'' maybe ``Elf,'' ``A  [[Page S7172]]  Christmas Story,'' ``Home Alone,'' or ``Die Hard''? That is a good one.  A lot of people are partial to ``It's a Wonderful Life'' or  ``Braveheart.'' Now, ``Braveheart,'' of course, has nothing to do with  Christmas, but it is about freedom. Nothing says freedom quite like  Christmas.   We have to debate, you see, the best Christmas movie out there for  the simple reason that we also have to watch every year the worst  Christmas movie. The worst Christmas movie is the one that runs every  single year from this Chamber right here in this city on C-SPAN just a  week before our Lord's birthday. It is called omnibus. Critics and fans  have loved to hate it for years. As is always the case in these money- grabbing sequels, the actors and the writers and the directors are just  mailing it in. They know they can do this every year, and it works for  them, so they mail it in. The only plot twist this time is that instead  of a continuing resolution or a single omnibus, leaders and  appropriators have cleverly put the negotiated spending agreement into  two bills so that we can all pretend it is better than just one.   Even though they were negotiated at the same time, released to the  public at the same time, and will be voted on within only minutes of  each other, we have had different formulations of this over the years.  Sometimes it is a continuing resolution. Sometimes it is an omnibus.  Sometimes it is a couple of minibuses capped off with another  continuing resolution. Sometimes we call it a CRomnibus. This time I  think we can call it a double-decker minibus, but whatever you want to  call it, it is the same movie. It is a rerun, and it is not very good.  In fact, it is really, really bad. The secretive, undemocratric,  irresponsive, and ultimately irresponsible process that produced this  bill is nothing short of a sham, but then, again, so is the substance  of the bill. It has been like this for years now. Instead of actively  setting and passing budgets within which we intend to stay, as we  expect from any other organization, we make it up as we go along in as  abusive and dysfunctional a fashion as the American people will  possibly let us get away with because that seems to be our aim--do  whatever they let us get away with.    In fact, the last time Congress passed all of its respective  appropriations bills in each of the dozen or so categories in which we  spend money--and we pass each of those bills unbundled and on time--was  back in 1997. For this fiscal year, we have already passed two  continuing resolutions.   An omnibus bill in and of itself doesn't have to be a bad thing. In  fact, one could make it a relatively good thing. You see, in theory, an  omnibus could be a decent legislative vehicle if--and only if, that  is--Members of the House and the Senate were given time to read it, to  debate it, and to offer, consider, and vote upon amendments to offer  improvements to that legislation. So I really don't care whether it is  a dozen individual spending bills or a small handful of minibuses or  whether it is a single bill; what I want is consideration on the floor  of the Senate in front of the American people so they can be aware of  what is happening, so we can exercise the election certificates we  fought so hard for. Each one of us is made more relevant when we get  that opportunity and less relevant when we are denied.   Unfortunately, it is just never the case anymore that we have those  kinds of opportunities to debate, discuss, and consider amendments, and  to receive the underlying legislation in enough time for any of us to  make a difference. These bills are written entirely behind closed doors  by a small handful of leaders from two parties--thousands of pages of  spending trillions of dollars and released to public scrutiny for the  first time within only hours of what would otherwise become a  government shutdown.   You see, this is a feature, not a bug. For those in charge of this  process, this is a good thing because this is what allows them to write  it on their own. The law firm, as I sometimes describe it--the law firm  of McConnell, Schumer, Pelosi, McCarthy, and a small handful of  staffers and a few other Members around them write this bill, and then  it is presented to us as a single, binary, take-it-or-leave-it package.  You fund this and everything in it or you fund nothing. You vote for  this package or you are blamed for a government shutdown. It is not  right.   This, we somehow manage to call rather euphemistically, is  bipartisanship. Like too much of what Washington calls bipartisanship  these days, these spending bills are a fiscal dumpster fire. You see,  they are masquerading under the banner of bipartisan compromise, when,  in fact, they are collusion--collusion just by a small handful of  Members of Congress who don't have to have their provisions debated and  discussed and subject to amendment.   On the merits, and not just on the procedure, this bill is a dumpster  fire. Discretionary spending will be set at record-high levels in  nearly every category of government spending.   This omnibus--or double-decker minibus, as I sometimes call it--will  add $2.1 trillion to the national debt over the next 20 years. By that  time, we will be spending more on interest on the debt than we do on  national defense.   This is embarrassing. It is embarrassing to the American people, and  it ought to be especially embarrassing to those of us elected to  represent our respective States in the U.S. Senate. What has  historically called itself the world's greatest deliberative body has  become something substantially less glorious than that.   When we had a trillion-dollar deficit after the 2008 financial  crisis, everyone admitted it. Everyone admitted it was a problem; that  it was reckless and out of control. President Obama admitted it. Now we  are borrowing just as much, and we are doing so at the top of the  business cycle. With wages up and unemployment at record lows, it is an  awful, corrupt cycle on repeat. Congress breaks its own spending rules,  creates new ones to spend more, and then breaks the new ones and tries  to hide the evidence, racking up ever more national debt all the while.    What is worse, we are literally putting the brunt of the cost of all  of this on future generations, on those who are not yet here and not  able to vote for or against the politicians who are doing this to them.  Gorging ourselves on debt to the tune of another trillion dollars a  year means we are saddling our children and our children's children  with the cost of this bill, and we are setting ourselves up for a  disaster come the next inevitable recession.   John F. Kennedy famously said ``to govern is to choose,'' but  Congress's defining dysfunction is that it doesn't choose. It chooses  not to choose rather deliberately. We don't budget. We don't reform. We  don't prioritize. We just spend, and we hope we are retired or--let's  face it--dead when the bill for our negligence and recklessness finally  comes due.   Not only does this package feature reckless spending, but it includes  many bills it should not, with Congress funding broken, inefficient,  and, in many cases, downright harmful programs.   For instance, this bill reauthorizes the National Flood Insurance  Program--a program that might sound nice, but it subsidizes beachfront  properties right in the middle of dangerous flood plains, which is  already in more than $20 billion of debt to American taxpayers, for a  full year, without a single reform. By the way, after every single time  it has been reauthorized, for years running, I and others have been  promised that the next time around, we will have an opportunity to  offer amendments, and we will have an opportunity to reform the Flood  Insurance Program. It can be reformed, and it must be reformed. We have  been promised reforms for years, but this bill just reauthorizes it for  a full year, without a single reform--not one.   This bill also maintains the broken status quo for overseas  contingency operations. For those Americans who aren't familiar with  this term--or OCO, as it is sometimes described--this is the Pentagon's  increasingly unaccountable and widely abused slush fund, insulated from  scrutiny by unchecked budget caps. The deal appropriates another $71.5  billion for OCO, a $4 billion increase just from last year alone. This,  only days after America learned that civilian and military leaders have  been lying to the American people for years across multiple  Presidential administrations about our failures in Afghanistan.   Instead of reform or oversight, these bills would put another $4.1  billion into  [[Page S7173]]  the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund and limit our ability to negotiate  peace and bring the war in Afghanistan finally to an end. In an era of  rampant fake news, even the media is outperforming Congress on this  issue.   These bills include $495 million for the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, a 13-percent increase from the last fiscal year, and the highest  appropriation it has had in 17 years--all for a program that has been  of particular detriment to my State of Utah. The LWCF has been used as  a tool for the Federal Government to gradually acquire more and more  land, even as it is failing to care for the lands that it already owns,  with a current maintenance backlog of $19.4 billion.   Worse, in addition to funding broken programs, it funds blatant,  abusive cronyism. The bill reauthorizes the Export-Import Bank-- Washington's favorite among favored banks--which doles out taxpayer- backed loans to help American exporters, and it does so for a full 7  years, without even so much of a word of debate. This, notwithstanding  the fact that the Export-Import Bank has been the subject of very  intense debate in this body for many years, and with good reason.   Why? Well, among other things, the biggest recipient of Export-Import  Bank funds is Pemex--Mexico's infamous, corrupt, state-owned oil  company. It is so corrupt, in fact, that its own employees collaborate  with Mexico's drug cartels to facilitate the theft of their best oil  and their refined petroleum products.   In fact, that theft has become so rampant in Mexico that there is a  term coined to refer to that kind of theft. Those who engage in it are  called ``huachicoleros''--``huachicoleros.'' We are funding, and we are  insulating from the ramifications of that theft, Pemex, a corrupt  institution. It doesn't operate well, in part, because it is the victim  of theft and in part because it is being backed up by the U.S.  Government.   Ranked right after Pemex is the People's Republic of China, whose  state-owned enterprises are granted generous taxpayer-backed financing  for purchases they could fund through their own Communist government.   Say what you want about China, about U.S.-China relations on trade,  about military issues related to China, whatever national security  issues we might be concerned about with China, but I don't know many  people--in fact, I don't know anyone outside of this town--who think  the U.S. Government should be propping up China, should be giving up  money for the Export-Import Bank, or otherwise, to China. That is not  our job. That is not the role of the U.S. taxpayer, who works hard  every day to earn money which then might be sent to a Communist  government in China.   The reauthorization even includes provisions instructing the Export- Import Bank to pretend it is helping Americans to compete against China  at the same time it is sending that very government billions of  dollars.   Then there is the extension of the Brand USA Act--a 7-year  reauthorization of a government-chartered nonprofit Brand USA--to use  tens of millions of Federal dollars to advertise for tourism.   To top things off, a last-minute tax extender's deal was added to the  package late Monday night, diverting billions of dollars on central  economic planning and picking winners and losers in the marketplace.  Over the next 10 years, this package provides about $2.7 billion in tax  benefits through programs that use the Tax Code to incentivize  businesses to invest in government-selected neighborhoods, seeking to  control the flow of investment instead of relying on the free market to  make those decisions, and it includes naked handouts to cronyist  special interests.   For example, it spends over $2.1 billion for subsidies in the energy  sector--not energy generally but to specific winners within the energy  industry that this small handful of purported leaders in Congress have  decided would benefit from the hard-working taxpayer dollars that would  be doled out.   The bill, among other things, engages in awarding $113 million for  coal production on Indian land, $331 million for facilities to refuel  alternative fuel vehicles, and $1.5 billion for biodiesel and renewable  diesel tax credits, for instance. As if the Federal Government weren't  already mired sufficiently in this area, this bill devotes even more.   Beyond these, it hands out $187 million in writeoffs for owners of  motor sport entertainment complexes, $18 million in tax breaks for the  production of movies and TV shows, and $3 million in tax credits for  the purchasers of two-wheeled, plug-in electric vehicles, just to name  a few examples.   Not only that, but it features new levels of absurdity too. This deal  actually includes a special interest bailout to make up for the  failures of a faulty pension plan, while, at the same time, authorizing  another pension plan to follow in its same footsteps.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for an additional 3  minutes.    Congress authorized a group of coal miners' multiemployer  pension plans under problematic rules, allowing them to underfund the  plans by over 70 percent, but all the while, those pensions still  promised their workers full benefits, setting up unreasonable  expectations for their return on investment. Inevitably, they have not  made up the shortfall, and now the taxpayers are being asked to bail  them out.    In the very same bill in which we are bailing out the coal miners'  pensions, we are authorizing a select group of community newspapers-- not all newspapers and not all media enterprises; just a select group  of handpicked community newspapers--to follow the same practice,  allowing them, once again, to underfund their workers' pensions while  again promising them a full return on benefits.   With this bill, we are rubberstamping the expectation that employers  are free to raid their workers' promised retirement benefits for their  own short-term gain and setting the precedent that the government will  reward this bad practice by bailing them out when that inevitably  becomes a problem.   This bill, however, does include some good measures that I support,  like repealing the medical device tax, fixing a tax provision that  would unfairly subject churches to more taxes, and making retirement  account reforms that allow Americans to access these funds in times of  a particular need.   Sadly, I, like many of our colleagues, will be forced to vote against  these measures because they have been lumped into this massive,  stinking package where the only choice we have is a binary one. We have  no option to vote for the things we like. This is wrong. There is no  finite cap on our ability to debate these things other than the  artificial ones we have created rather deliberately within this body,  and that is wrong.   The thing about these omnibuses is they put us in a take-it-or-leave- it position. We were given no choice but to support or oppose the whole  thing, good and bad measures alike. Unfortunately, just like every  other episode in this squalid saga--I call this one omnibus 2--this  one, too, will come to a predictable, sad, sorry ending. Congress will  pass the mess, indulging in a process, substance, and long-term result  that are all an affront to the viewers, because at the end of the day,  the audience members are real live victims. We can do better. We can,  we must, and we will.   I yield the floor.    Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, this is  clearly an effort to push through last-minute changes on a single bill.   In my view, these changes are reckless, unnecessary, and unwise, and  in any event they were made without debate by Members of this body and  specifically contrary to the manner in which this very same legislation  was reported out of the Senate Commerce Committee.   I am glad to see the passage of a couple of pieces of legislation  just now, including the TRACED Act, which will help us fight damaging  robocalls. This is good legislation. I am also supportive of S. 1822,  the Broadband DATA Act, which will require much needed updates to our  broadband maps. These are good pieces of legislation. I am glad they  are passed.   I am also very supportive of the legislation that is the subject of  the immediate unanimous consent request; that is, the Commerce  Committee's reported version of S. 1625, the United States 5G  Leadership Act.   This is an important bill. It would help us identify Huawei equipment  posing an espionage risk in the United States. It will ban the use of  Universal Service Fund dollars to purchase the equipment and help  reimburse small companies for the costs associated with ripping and  replacing vulnerable equipment.   This is an important bill, and it received careful consideration  during the Senate Commerce Committee's markup on July 24, 2019.   The version of this bill that passed the committee was supported  unanimously by Democrats and Republicans on both sides of the aisle.  That version required $700 million to be set aside in a fund to help  reimburse companies for Huawei equipment replacements. The bill  specified that the source of this funding was to come from the proceeds  of spectrum auctions. This was a smart and good and carefully tailored  pay-for that did not add to our out-of-control Federal spending.  [[Page S7181]]    As currently written, the bill contains a reference to a  reimbursement fund and assumes there will be reimbursements, but the  bill does not specify how much funding is allocated, nor does it  specify the source of these funds. I can only assume this means the  House and Senate Appropriations Committees will default to authorizing  new funds rather than using the smart pay-for that the Senate Commerce  Committee unanimously and wisely agreed to in July.   For these reasons, I object.    Madam President.    Madam President, notwithstanding rule XXII, I ask unanimous  consent that the Commerce Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 1625 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the amendments ordered  reported by the Commerce Committee be agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President.    Madam President, where I come from in Utah, $700 million is  a lot of money. Seven hundred million dollars is something we ought to  worry about where we are going to get it.   It is not unreasonable for us to request that the House of  Representatives agree to the language we unanimously, on a bipartisan  basis, passed out of the Senate Commerce Committee.   In my mind, it is unfortunate that we are allowing the House of  Representatives' unreasonable, unwarranted demand--a demand the  chairman of the Commerce Committee himself acknowledges is one they  shouldn't object to--to rule the day and prevent this legislation from  becoming law.   