 Mr. Chairman, I am a contractor. We do business and we  build projects. If you want to see something that is going to skyrocket  cost, the fact of asking what party and where they donate money has  nothing to do with transparency. It just has to do with what political  affiliation you have and it could weigh heavily in who is selected for  a job, which has nothing to do with the job that you are doing.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Congressman Cole's amendment to  maintain the status quo and prevent the government from using politics  as a litmus test when evaluating bids from contractors.   When the government buys goods or services, the only concern should  be getting the best job at the best price, not who the company did or  did not donate to in the last election. Companies should compete on  value, not party loyalty.   We see what happens when politics influences who receives government  money. Let me give you an example.   In December 2011, The Washington Post released a bombshell report  finding ``Obama's green technology program was infused with politics at  every level.''   The Post found, through its review of thousands of memos and emails,  that ``Political considerations were raised repeatedly by company  investors, Energy Department bureaucrats, and White House officials.''   Do you know what the result was? $500 million of taxpayer money went  to a solar company, Solyndra, which went bankrupt. We can't let that  happen again, but that is what requiring companies bidding on contracts  to disclose their political activity as part of the bid process would  lead to.   Also troubling about this provision of H.R. 1 is that it repeals  something we all just agreed to less than 1 month ago. If this  amendment isn't adopted, H.R. 1 will repeal a provision of the funding  bill we just passed.   Two hundred and thirteen Democrats voted for the funding bill. I know  this is a town of evolving political positions and flip-flopping, but I  think that might just set a new record. I can't believe this body would  vote for something like this and a month after to repeal it. Back home  they call that a bait and switch.   