 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Chair, I rise to speak on behalf of the bill before us.   Madam Chair, on October 10, 2018, Hurricane Michael, one of the most  powerful storms to make landfall in the U.S., slammed into the Florida  Panhandle, then directly into Georgia, and drove through much of the  Southeast. It left a path of destruction all the way up to Virginia. My  district, which spans middle and southwest Georgia, took a direct hit.   Across the State of Georgia, small towns and rural communities were  devastated, as were production agriculture and forestry. Agriculture is  the largest industry in Georgia, driving one in seven jobs. Many  producers suffered near 100 percent crop losses.   Hurricane Michael destroyed some 97 chicken houses and killed more  than 2 million chickens. It devastated the Georgia cotton crop, which  was nearing peak harvest and was on track to be the best season in  years.   Unfortunately, this is all too familiar for the region. This is the  third straight year hurricane damage has caused significant losses to  the pecan, peanut, cotton, vegetable, forestry, landscaping, and  agritourism industries.   Less than a month before Hurricane Michael, Hurricane Florence  crashed into the Carolinas, causing $22 billion in damage. The  agricultural losses there are also overwhelming. Several lagoons  responsible for containing animal waste were breached and are in  drastic need of repair.   Last year, California witnessed yet another devastating fire season,  including both the largest and deadliest fires on record. In Hawaii,  volcanic activity caused farmers nearly $30 million in damage.  Americans in the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa were also  hit by violent storms.   This disaster supplemental bill provides the funds to begin  addressing these needs. This bill increases payments for losses from 85  to 90 percent for producers with crop insurance and from 65 to 70  percent for producers without insurance. It also includes $150 million  for the rural community facilities program. From debris removal to the  repair of local infrastructure, such as drinking water and water  systems, small communities across the Nation and the territories often  struggle to rebuild in the aftermath of natural disasters.   The legislation includes $480 million for the Emergency Forest  Restoration Program and $125 million for the Natural Resources  Conservation Service. It provides $600 million in funds for the  nutrition assistance program in Puerto Rico and $10.2 million to the  Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.   From coast to coast and beyond, there is an urgent need for this  disaster bill. As I said in October after touring the damage from  Hurricane Michael, responding to natural disasters and helping our  communities recover is a responsibility we all share, regardless of  geography, ideology, or political affiliation.   Madam Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill and to  bring relief to our communities that continue to recover and rebuild.  Let's open the government and get this job done for the American  people.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to speak on behalf of this  amendment, which is cosponsored by my very good friend, the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Austin Scott), and 12 other distinguished Members on  both sides of the aisle.   As I said during general debate, Hurricane Michael devastated my  district and left a path of destruction all the way up to Virginia.  Across the State of  [[Page H647]]  Georgia, many producers suffered nearly 100 percent crop loss. Damages  were experienced by the pecan, peanut, cotton, vegetable, and timber  industries, and this is the third straight year these folks were hit.   A few weeks before that, Hurricane Florence hit the Carolinas,  causing $22 billion in damage. Last year, Californians witnessed  another devastating wildfire season, while Hawaii suffered from volcano  damage, the Northern Mariana Islands were hit by typhoons, and American  Samoa, by a horrific cyclone.   This disaster supplemental bill provides funds to begin addressing  these needs for our agriculture and our rural communities. The bill  increases payments for losses from 85 to 90 percent for producers who  have crop insurance and from 65 to 70 percent for producers without  crop insurance.   Unfortunately, the $1.1 billion in the bill was based only on USDA's  assessment of need, nationwide. However, the various State departments  of agriculture, those States that were devastated by these disasters,  submitted to the committee assessments which came to over $7 billion.   To ensure that more of these needs can be fully met, Mr. Scott and I  put our heads together. We looked at the numbers and concluded that the  original estimate by the Department of Agriculture of $1.1 billion in  damages could very well and was, most likely, going to be too low; so  we have offered this amendment to increase it by $1.9 billion, for a  total of $3 billion.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the Bishop-Scott amendment. It was needed.  We want to make sure that we can do what is necessary to allow  Americans who were devastated by these natural disasters to have  sufficient recovery.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, to close, I just want to  reiterate how important it is for us to pass sufficient resources in  order to allow these communities that have been devastated all across  the United States, as well as the territories, to recover from these  natural disasters.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   