 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding.   As we gather here on the floor, the gentleman from Texas and I would  note that most Americans are working on a Wednesday afternoon at 3:20  eastern time. Most Americans are trying to advance their careers, their  lives, their families. I am just tragically disappointed at the lack of  work going on in this Congress.   I think one of the reasons that we haven't been so productive is that  we have not seen the Democratic majority put on this floor what their  border security legislation even is. I know what the Republican view is  as we head into conference. I know that because Speaker Pelosi, in the  White House, told the President we could not pass a border security  bill here. Directly following that challenge, we came to the floor. We  prioritized our borders, our laws, the rule of law. We prioritized the  wages of American families, the safety of communities throughout our  country. And we passed $5.7 billion for border funding for a barrier  and sent that over to the Senate.    I just don't understand, Madam Speaker, why the challenge that the  Democrats gave Republicans is one the majority is unwilling to meet. If  Democrats have a bill, put it on the floor. Show us what the majority's  ideas are.   Madam Speaker, there has been a conference committee that has been  appointed. It will get together, and I sure hope that conference report  produces something that looks like a whole lot of border security, a  whole lot of barrier and wall and fencing.   I only can imagine the challenge my Republican colleagues must have,  because Democrats know what Republicans want, but we don't know what  Democrats want, so it is kind of hard to negotiate.   We have to have a win-win to get out of this system where we seem to  careen from shutdown to shutdown and crisis to crisis as a mechanism to  gain leverage against one another for our respective priorities. But  the right thing to do is to just put on the floor what you believe in.   I know what Republicans believe in because we voted for it. That  seems to be a fair challenge back to those who are currently in the  majority. I thank my colleague from Texas for yielding.   