 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Idaho (Mr.  Simpson), ranking member of the committee, and I was interested in  listening to this conversation.   I would really respectfully ask the Member to respect the district  which I represent. I am not talking about the mine. I am talking about  the process.   This is State land. They gave it to us, the Congress--State land.  They put it up for discovery. It was discovered. And under the clause  of the discovery, you have the right for exploration. Under the right  for exploration, you have a right for production, if it is possible to  process.   And the chairman, the ranking member put it very clearly: Let's go  through the process. What this gentleman from California is saying: We  are going to make a decision what is right for everything here, and  they don't know a damn thing about it, nothing, because they are  promoting people saying: This shouldn't be done. There is no science  behind it yet.   Science is what they talk about all the time. It is the bedrock. EIS  is the bedrock. And yet they are ignoring it, expecting this Congress  that doesn't know squat about the mining in Alaska.   It is our land, not their land. It is not Federal land. It is our  land.   I am saying, let the process work. Let the process go through. That  is what we are here for. Not for us to make decisions.   The ranking member put it very clearly. What are we going to do next  time? They will not be in the majority forever, and we will have some  things they do not want, and we will say we are going to do it.   They are ignoring the science, and they brag about the science all  the time. Let the science prove us right or wrong. That should be their  responsibility, not saying they are for or  [[Page H4748]]  against a mine and give all these doomsday things there. They may  happen. If that happens, it will not happen because it will not issue  the permits.   I want everybody to think about this a moment. What is happening here  tonight is for the interest of some environmental groups--which you  used to be head of, by the way--environmental groups to stop a project  that is not any of their business until science has not been proven. I  am saying let's look for it. Let's look for proven. I am saying let's  look for it. Let's look for the science. If that happens, then we will  do it.    