 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence  has worked over the past 3 years to build a critical piece of  legislation. The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018,  2019, and 2020 supports vital important programs and takes bold steps  to defend this country.   Last year, the Senate Intelligence Committee unanimously passed our  bill with a vote of 15 to 0. ``Unanimous'' is not a word you hear very  much in Washington today, but it speaks to the importance of the issues  and the comprehensiveness of this bill. This success is also thanks to  the efforts of Vice Chairman Warner.   In June we partnered with our colleagues on the Armed Services to  simultaneously push forward both bills. The NDAA and the IAA  combination passed with a vote of 86 to 8.   Likewise, the House Intelligence Committee bill captured an  overwhelming vote in the full House when it passed in July by a vote of  397 to 31.   After many months of work and negotiations, we have before us a  bipartisan, comprehensive bill that improves our defenses today and  will give the intelligence community the resources it needs to defend  us in the years to come.   For example, it deters Russian and other foreign influence in our  elections and facilitates information sharing between Federal, State,  and local election officials. It protects the Nation's supply chain  from counterintelligence threats from countries such as Russia and  China. In order to accomplish these goals, the bill increases scrutiny  of Russian activities in our country. We require Russian diplomats to  notify the State Department of their travel inside the United States.  We counter Russian propaganda, and we require threat assessments on  Russian financial activities.   To accomplish these missions, we need highly talented  counterintelligence officers. We must verify that they are worthy of  these positions of extreme trust, and we must compensate them fairly  for the sacrifices they make. So our bill improves the security  clearance process--and large credit goes to the vice chairman--by  reducing backlogs, improving clearance information sharing, and holding  the executive branch responsible for the modernizing the clearance  process.   Our bill supports the intelligence community personnel by enhancing  pay scales for certain cyber security positions, increasing recruitment  efforts, and creating a pathway to give new parents the time they need  to support their growing families. We ask our Nation's defenders to  miss soccer games and family dinners. We can give them space and  security to support new moms, new dads, and new babies.   Lastly, the bill continues a long and vital history of accountability  for our most sensitive intelligence programs. My colleagues and I on  the committee have happily accepted the privilege and the weighty  responsibility of monitoring the intelligence programs on behalf of all  85 of our colleagues. We have done so with reasoned debate and  bipartisan agreement, and we have done so knowing that even though new  threats keep us up at night, they are oftentimes being met by heroic  men and women who allow the rest of us in this country to sleep  soundly.   It is noteworthy that the last intelligence authorization bill was  enacted on May 5, 2017. We cannot afford to go this long again without  the authorities that our intelligence agencies need to do their work.  We must be credible, dependable, and yearly check on intelligence  activities.   One final note, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years  2018, 2019, and 2020 is named for two of our colleagues whom we lost  recently. Matthew Pollard and Damon Nelson worked for the Senate and  House Intelligence Committees, respectively. Their families lost them  too soon, and we are poorer for the loss of their friendship and their  expertise. We are proud to pass this bill in their honor and look  forward to its swift enactment.   I yield the floor.   