 Mr. President, Henry David Thoreau asked: What is the  use of a home if you don't have a tolerable planet to put it on?   We are here at a unique moment in human history when the planet is  threatened. It is not just our local stream that has been polluted by  some factory. It is not a river that is so toxic that it catches on  fire. It is not just a small section of my home State that has been  afflicted by some new disease in the forests. It is our entire planet  that is at risk. So any Member of this Chamber who is not coming  forward to help figure out how to address that is guilty of vast  malpractice, legislative malpractice, and moral malpractice and  incompetence because that is what a legislature is about. When there  are big problems that we face, we come together. We don't ignore them.  We wrestle with the best way to take them on. That is what this  conversation is about.   Senator Carper's resolution says three things, the first of which is  we have a real problem, and it is easy to demonstrate that. We can take  a look at all of the information we have coming from every major  scientific organization that tracks increasing heat on  [[Page S1562]]  the planet, but maybe that is a little too complicated. Let's just ask  a simple question. What have been the hottest years in human history?  When have they been? Were they in the 1700s, in the 1800s, in the  1900s? When were those 5 hottest years? They were the last 5 years-- 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018. This is no coincidence because that would  be an astronomically unlikely thing to occur. We have enough science to  know why this is occurring, not just that it is occurring.   It is occurring because we are generating carbon dioxide, and we are  generating methane. They trap heat. We have been told, for the better  part of a century, that this was going to be a problem, and the problem  has arrived. It is not some theory. It is not some computer model. It  is not some ivory tower. The facts are clearly evident. They are  evident in our forests with longer and hotter fire seasons. They are  evident in more powerful hurricanes than we have seen before because  they draw so much more energy from an overheated ocean. We see it in  the spread of diseases, like Lyme disease with the spread of tick  populations. We see it with changing species. We see it with glaciers.  We see it with melting permafrost. We see it with rising sea levels. We  see it everywhere unless you are blind to the facts. We are not here to  be blind. We are here to act. So we know the problem is real. That is  the first point.   The second point is we know what is causing it--human activities, our  putting methane into the air and putting carbon dioxide into the air.  Therefore, we know the third point, which is our responsibility to act.   So many of us have come forward and have said: Here is an idea. How  about this? This will completely change the amount of carbon dioxide  from the transportation sector. Here is an idea. This would really  change the carbon dioxide generated by power generation, electricity  generation. How about this? This would greatly reduce the carbon  dioxide generated from heating buildings.   Yet, in that conversation, there is the sound of silence from the  right side of the aisle. Do we hear multitudinous ideas? No. We hear  none. That is where the legislative malfeasance and where the moral  irresponsibility lies--in pretending that you can be a leader in this  country, in this Senate Chamber, and not address this major challenge  that is afflicting our planet. That is unacceptable. We don't need fake  and phone debates on the floor of a resolution that hasn't gone through  committee. We need real discussion and real engagement.   It was not that long ago that Republican leaders across this Nation  were taking on this issue. H. W. Bush ran for the Presidency to take on  climate change. When he got into office, he didn't end up doing a lot,  but he ran on it and campaigned on it. Other leaders have said we have  a responsibility to be good stewards of our resources. I have heard  that from the Republican side of the aisle for my entire lifetime--good  stewardship. So why the silence now? Why the failure to look at the  facts? Why the failure to bring forward ideas? This is not OK. We need  real debate, real discussion.   I have put forward ideas I would love to see debated, one being that  we need to dramatically reduce the fossil fuels, which we own as a  public, coming out of the ground. We have to lead the world, and we  can't ask the rest of the world not to extract and burn fossil fuels if  we are still profiting from doing so.   I laid out the vision--the 100-percent mission in all sectors--and  how we can get there over the coming decades. It is a 300-page bill  that is full of ideas. Maybe they are not all the best of ideas, but I  encourage my colleagues to read them, to find ones they like, and to  bring forward their ideas. Where do tax credits play in this  conversation? Where do limits play on pollution? Where do incentives to  transition to renewable energy come in? Let's have that debate as  serious policymakers and leaders of this country who are responsible  for our Nation and for the future of our planet.   Henry David Thoreau lived a long time ago, but he laid out the point  that we are responsible for the health of our planet. Let's take that  responsibility seriously. Let's engage. Let's debate every single idea.  There are hundreds of them out there. Let's go through them. Let's  forge a bipartisan plan. Let's not let any industry in America  contaminate the process, the political process, through these dark  donations. Let's not, any party in this country, be misled from  addressing the serious issues before us because they are blinded by the  hundreds of millions of dollars falling on their campaigns. Let's do  what we have to do, what we have a responsibility to do. History will  judge whether we have done that which cannot be delayed. That is our  responsibility.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   