 Mr. President, I rise today to state the obvious--to  state in clear terms what scientists have been warning us about for  decades. The scientific data couldn't be any clearer. Climate change is  real. Climate change is here, and we are causing its devastating  impacts and disruptions. Unless we start to implement policies to curb  our carbon emissions and to mitigate its impacts, climate change will  continue to wreak havoc upon communities across the Nation and around  the world.   These are facts. These facts present us with the greatest and most  existential global challenge humanity has literally ever faced. There  are not two sides to these facts. The Earth's five warmest years on  record happened since 2014. It is not a coincidence. It is not an  unexplained phenomenon. It is the direct result of both our actions and  our inactions. Only the willfully ignorant refuse to acknowledge these  facts and the gravity and urgency of what we face because of the fact  of human-caused climate change.   Unfortunately, the current occupant of the White House and too many  here in Washington can be counted in that camp. President Trump's  decision to upend the Clean Power Plan and pull us out of the Paris  climate accord was perhaps the most consequential representation of his  inward-looking, isolationist view for America. It was a dangerous  abdication of our Nation's leadership role on the international stage,  and if we choose to accept his failure to lead here in Congress, we  will continue down a path toward a very real and very costly climate  disruption.   In the coming weeks, Majority Leader McConnell says he plans to call  a vote here on the Senate on the Green New Deal resolution. I wish this  were a genuine effort to address our climate challenges. Clearly, it is  not. It is a political stunt by the majority leader to divide those who  actually want to rise to the occasion and who actually want to address  this crisis, rather than offer up any substantive solutions of his own.   The majority leader would have you believe that solutions to climate  change are too costly or they are just too impractical to be taken  seriously. I don't know about you, but to me, it is that view that is  wildly out of touch and, frankly, dangerous.   President Trump and Republicans love to talk about the cost of  climate action. What we should be focusing on is the much steeper cost  of inaction and the economic benefits of America's leading the clean  energy transition.   As an engineer, I am certain that our capacity to confront the  challenges that we face, large and small, rests heavily on our ability  to make policy that is actually driven by facts, by data, and by the  best available science.   The latest data on climate change should be deeply alarming to all of  us. Last fall, the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  released a report based on the research of thousands of our planet's  leading climate scientists. It laid out in stark terms how critical it  is for us to find a way to limit the planet's warming. Unless we can  reduce global carbon emissions by 45 percent by 2030 and reach net-zero  emissions by 2050, it will be nearly impossible to keep global  temperatures below a rise of 3 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of the  century.   I know that is a lot of numbers, but what those numbers mean in terms  of real ecological, economic, and humanitarian costs is incredibly  important. Global average temperatures have already risen by nearly 2  degrees Fahrenheit, and that change is wreaking havoc on communities  around the world.   One month after the U.N. released its landmark report, 13 Federal  Agencies finalized the ``Fourth National Climate Assessment,'' a report  mandated by Congress to study the evidence and the impacts of current  climate change. That report provided clear, indisputable evidence that  the destructive wildfires, the catastrophic hurricanes, and the extreme  flooding that we have seen in just the last couple of years is directly  linked to human-caused climate change. These disasters are costing us  billions of dollars each and every year.   The Pentagon has correctly called climate change a threat multiplier,  meaning that climate impacts will amplify the existing threats to our  national security. These are massive problems today--right now--not in  some far off future. We need to recognize what the science is telling  us. We need to recognize that the impacts and the disasters that we  have seen so far are just the beginning.   Things are only going to get more chaotic, more unpredictable, and  more expensive unless we change our trajectory. That is going to  require global cooperation. It is going to require scientific  ingenuity, and serious, sober policymaking based on the facts in front  of us to put us on a better path.   I am proud that a number of my colleagues are stepping up to think  through what those actions, what those solutions, and what those  policies should be. We can have a healthy debate about the best ways to  achieve these reductions in our emissions, but we can't credibly  dispute the science, what it is telling us, and the urgency of the need  to act. These are facts. It is chemistry. Yet, instead of allowing us  to productively debate those solutions, Majority Leader McConnell is  planning to waste our time on a political stunt.   Since Republicans took control of the Senate, they have not brought a  single bill to the floor that would address emissions--not a single  one--and they have taken many actions that have actually made the  situation worse. This is not the serious legislating that we were sent  here to do. This is not problem-solving.   The Senate is supposed to be the world's greatest deliberative body.  We are supposed to come together here on the Senate floor and in our  committees and think through the greatest issues and challenges of our  time. We are supposed to propose and debate policies to meet those  challenges. I would welcome a long overdue debate on what policies  would most efficiently and most effectively address our challenges.   I know that climate change often feels too big and too hard to fix,  but, frankly, we all need to get out of that mindset because climate  change is a problem we can solve. In fact, climate change is a problem  that we must solve.   The good news is that we already have the technologies and the people  to do it. Clean energy technologies have been evolving rapidly in  recent years, and many of the clean energy technologies that seemed  absolutely unrealistic only a decade ago have become  [[Page S1561]]  the new normal. I see a future where my two boys will use a reliable,  cheap, resilient electrical grid that is 100-percent powered by clean  energy because of the technologies invented in this country and because  of the technologies built and installed with American labor. We need to  invest in actually deploying these technologies with the urgency  necessary to make real progress. This should be a bipartisan priority,  not only for its impact on curbing carbon emissions but because it will  create millions of jobs in communities across this country.   Some States are already moving in this direction. In my home State,  new wind farms and new solar generation are bringing in billions of  dollars of private investment. They are creating thousands of new jobs.  Without aggressive, forward-looking national policies, we will not move  fast enough. The scale of this transformation will be gigantic. There  is no doubt about that. But this great Nation is up to the challenge.   Thank you, Mr. President.   