 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  bipartisan conference agreement, and I thank my ranking member for  yielding time to highlight several items in the Interior, Environment,  and Related Agencies division of this agreement.   I also want to thank my colleague,    Ken Calvert, the former  chairman of the subcommittee, for his leadership on this bill last  Congress.   The highlights I am about to summarize are really a result of efforts  to negotiate a reasonable compromise with the Senate and our mutual  friend and current chair of the subcommittee, Betty McCollum.   Division E of the conference agreement provides $35.6 billion for the  Department of the Interior, Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest  Service, the Indian Health Service, the Smithsonian Institution, and  more than a dozen related agencies.   This conference agreement enhances our Nation's economic prosperity  in many ways:   By cutting an additional $15 million from the EPA regulatory  programs;   By fully funding the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, which is  critical to the counties with Federal lands; and   By increasing America's investment in its own abundant energy  resources.   Additionally, this conference agreement promotes health and safety by  providing targeted increases to accelerate the cleanup of America's  most polluted lands, waters, and airsheds;   By providing an additional $300 million for healthcare, law  enforcement, and related programs to honor our country's sacred trust  and treaty obligations to American Indians and Alaska Natives; and   By providing $3.9 billion for the Department of the Interior and the  U.S. Forest Service to fight devastating wildfires that threaten our  communities, and to reduce the severity of future wildfires.   Finally, this conference agreement continues to make critical  investments in our Nation's infrastructure, including:   $47 million to reduce the maintenance backlogs at our Nation's  national parks, wildlife refuges, and other public lands;   $2.9 billion for the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving  Loan Funds; and   $68 million for the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act  program, which will be leveraged with private investments to finance  more than $7 billion in water infrastructure projects, nationwide.   Personally, I have a vested interest in the resources provided in  this bipartisan package. Having grown up in northeast Ohio, I cherish  my memories of fishing and swimming in Lake Erie with my family and  friends. My wife, Kelly, and I have been proud to share the importance  of protecting this precious resource with our children.   The Great Lakes are one of the greatest natural resources and  economic powerhouses in the United States. They constitute the largest  group of freshwater lakes on Earth and hold 95 percent of the United  States' surface freshwater. The lakes also support over 1.5 million  jobs and provide $62 billion in wages, annually.   Protecting the Great Lakes is not a red issue or a blue issue. Many  Members of Congress from both sides of the political aisle understand  the important role the lakes play in our lives and understand the  importance of protecting them.   My colleague Betty McCollum has been a great partner to work with in  my fight to protect the Great Lakes, and I am happy to report that the  conference agreement provides full funding for the Great Lakes  Restoration Initiative, which helps us address invasive species like  Asian carp, reduce phosphorus runoff that causes harmful algal blooms,  and protect and preserve the Great Lakes for future generations.   In closing, I want to sincerely thank the staff on both sides of the  aisle for their hard work, their professionalism, and their ability to  work together under extremely difficult circumstances in order to get  an annual appropriation bill over the finish line once again.   I also want to thank the many thousands of Federal employees who  carry out the programs funded in this conference agreement. Your  dedication to serving your fellow Americans in spite of the sacrifices  asked of you by your government--especially this year--is the glue that  helps us bind together as one nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this conference  agreement.   