 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Arizona for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the rule, and to offer  conditional support for the underlying legislation, H.R. 1585, the  Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019.   I oppose the rule simply because my friends didn't make in order  quite a number of proposals that we had that we think ought to be  debated on today, but in fairness, I want to thank Chairman McGovern  for making in order quite a few amendments that related particularly to  VAWA in Indian Country, and I look forward to supporting those  amendments.   I have always tried to consider legislation within its full context  and look at the overall benefit of the bill, and I will certainly do  the same with respect to VAWA.   Certainly there are provisions in this version of the reauthorization  with which I profoundly disagree. Those are particularly related to the  Second Amendment; this includes a misguided provision to strip someone  of the right to possess a firearm following a misdemeanor conviction.   Frankly, I hope and expect that these provisions will change as the  bill progresses through the legislative process.   To enact VAWA, to actually achieve the objective, my friends are  going to have to do something they haven't done so far: that is  actually compromise. They will have to compromise with a Republican  Senate and a Republican President, or this important legislation will  not come into law.   However, there are compelling things about this legislation, and I  believe them particularly to be consistent with my own views and my own  voting record on Tribal sovereignty and protection of native women, and  I want to be supportive where I can be.   In 2013, Congress authorized the Tribal Court's jurisdiction over  non-Indian offenders that are arrested for committing domestic violence  or assault against women Tribal members on Indian lands.   The legislation we are considering today expands this jurisdiction to  include not only women, but also Tribal children. Further, it extends  critical protection to Tribal police officers.   There are several important amendments that will be debated related  to Indian Country, and I urge the adoption of all of them.   I support the right of Tribes to enact their own definition of  domestic and sexual violence, rather than replacing it with the Federal  Government's definitions. States already have this flexibility; Tribes  should as well.   In addition, I also believe Tribal law enforcement should have the  authority to have access to the National Crime Information Systems.   Mr. Speaker, more than four out of five American Indian and Alaska  Native women have experienced violence in their lifetime. More than  half of the American Indian and Alaska Native women have experienced  sexual violence in their lifetime. American Indian and Alaska Native  women are almost twice as likely as White women to have experienced  violence in the past year. Native women face murder rates more than ten  times the national average in some parts of the country. They are also  more than twice as likely to have experienced rape than non-Hispanic  white women over the course of a lifetime.   Given these statistics of acts of violence, 96 percent of American  Indian and Alaska Native women who are victims of sexual violence  experience violence at the hands of non-native perpetrators. To  reiterate, nearly all the violence committed against native women is  committed by non-natives.   Mr. Speaker, I do not believe the protection of all women and  children is or should be treated as a partisan issue. Tribal  governments, through trust and treaty obligations, should have the same  authority as States to protect women and children in vulnerable  situations. All States, Tribal, and local law enforcement authorities  should have access to the use of the same tools to prevent these crimes  on or off reservations.   As I have said before, hunters know where to hunt, fishermen know  where to fish, and predators know where to prey.   The passage of a reformed Violence Against Women Act gives Tribes  badly needed tools to combat the epidemic of violence and abuse in  Indian Country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members of the House of Representatives to  work together in a bipartisan manner to create, in the end, a bill that  can pass both chambers and be enacted into law.   