 Mr. President, first of all, I want to associate myself  with those clear, concise comments of my friend and colleague from the  great State of Alaska. He is absolutely right from not only a military  standpoint but also from the standpoint of getting this resolved  through a political resolution.   We are going to consider the Senate joint resolution today, and it is  a joint resolution that directs removal of U.S. Armed Forces from  hostility in the Yemen conflict unless authorized by Congress. The  premise of this resolution is fundamentally flawed.   Let's start here, though. Every single one of us--all 100 of us--can  agree what a horrible situation this is and what a horrible catastrophe  this is in Yemen. But this resolution sets a bad precedent for using  the War Powers Act to express political disagreements with a President  under expedited Senate rules.   I want to start by making it absolutely clear what is and what is not  happening with respect to our current U.S. engagement in Yemen.   First of all, this is what isn't happening. What is not happening is  the injection of U.S. troops into active hostilities in Yemen. We are  not doing that.   What we are doing, however, is most important. We provide limited,  noncombat support, including intelligence sharing, and the practices  that minimize civilian casualties to the Saudi-led coalition. This  support is advisory in nature and helps defend the territorial  integrity of the region, which faces a very real threat from the  Iranians and the Iranian-backed Houthis.    This point can't be understated. The United States conducts war  operations entirely differently from any other country on the face of  the Earth, and it is done with a direct and involved method of  minimizing civilian casualties. Our presence here assists the parties  in conducting operations to minimize those civilian casualties, and it  is badly needed there because there are tremendous civilian casualties.   Iran's support for the Houthis, notably the transfer of missiles and  other weaponry, threatens to undermine our partners' territorial  integrity. It imperils key shipping routes and puts U.S. interests at  risk, including the thousands of U.S. personnel and citizens currently  within the range of Iranian-made missile systems under the control of  the Houthis. That said, there can be no argument that after 4 long  years of conflict, Yemen, a country with a long history of  socioeconomic challenges is now in the grip of the world's worst  humanitarian crisis at this moment. An estimated 24 million--80 percent  of the Yemeni population--are in need of some kind of assistance and  15.9 million people--more than half of the country's population--remain  severely food insecure.   A resolution to this conflict must be found, and make no mistake,  many of us on a bipartisan basis are working regularly every day to do  everything within our power to restore peace in a country that has been  ravaged by years of proxy war and fractious infighting. But we all  recognize that lasting peace can be achieved only through a political  settlement brokered by the U.N. The U.N.-led peace talks are our best  bet for achieving peace in Yemen, and they appear to be at a critical  juncture at this moment.   In the past, we have helped advance the negotiations by using the  support we provide to the coalition as leverage over the parties to  advance the negotiating process. In the past, parties have been  reluctant to take on the negotiating process, but in the place we are  in, we have the ability to leverage them to get there.   As this body considers ways to drive effective U.S. policy that helps  end the war and relieves humanitarian suffering in Yemen, I urge  Members to bear in mind that the U.N. negotiations are our best hope  for achieving peace. We must do everything in our power to advance this  cause, and advancing this cause does not mean turning our backs on the  negotiations and on what is going on there at this time. We need to  stay engaged with the limited engagement that we have had.   The peace envoys have come to this body and have testified over and  over again, and they are telling us they want deeper U.S. engagement.  Voting for this resolution sends a terrible message of U.S. division  and lack of resolve. We need to send a signal and resolve that we are  committed to playing an important role in pushing for a sustainable  political settlement. As I stated, turning our backs at this critical  moment is only going to empower them, and it is going to send a message  to people that they don't need to negotiate right now and that they are  actually making gains.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this at this time and give peace  a chance through the negotiations.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   