 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion.    Madam Speaker, let's talk about who actually takes  the SALT deduction.   In my district in New Jersey, they are not rich. They are teachers.  They are firefighters. They are small business owners. They are young  families who want to buy a home, seniors who want to stay in theirs.   And then in 2017, House Republicans targeted them because they happen  to live in States where we choose to pay for good schools and services.   And why? Not to pay for schools, not to pay for our military, not to  pay for our healthcare, but because they needed to find someone in  America to pay for cutting our effective corporate tax rate in half.   When middle-class families in my district saw their taxes rise, their  home values fall, just one company, Berkshire Hathaway--one company-- got a $29 billion windfall.   Did corporations give that money to their employees? No. According to  CRS, the average American worker got an added bonus of $28.   Did they invest in new jobs and output? No. The economy actually grew  more slowly in the six quarters after the bill was passed than in the  six quarters before it.   So where did the money go? I will tell you where most of it went. The  tax cut helped corporations buy back over $1 trillion of their own  shares on Wall Street, which gave us a temporary sugar high on Wall  Street. We may as well have burned that money on The National Mall.   For this--for this--the Republican tax bill took from middle-class  families money they needed to buy their first home, to send their kids  to college, to stay in their home when they retire.   For this, because capping SALT wasn't nearly enough to pay for that  bill, the bill blew a $2 trillion hole in the national debt--just as  everyone on our side predicted because we used something called math.   Madam Speaker, let's restore the SALT deduction. Vote for this bill.   I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Porter).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   