 Mr. Speaker, we rise today to honor the lives that we  lost to gun violence in Aurora, Illinois, earlier this month.   This is, unfortunately, not the first time that we have mourned the  unnecessary loss of life from gun violence. Eleven years ago, when I  first took office, I inherited a community in mourning: 17 students  were injured and 5 were killed in the Cole Hall mass shooting at  Northern Illinois University. So I spent my first weeks and months in  office doing what I could to help my community recover.   Now, 11 years later, on February 15, the call went out from Aurora,  Illinois: Workplace shooting at Henry Pratt. Active gunman. Officers  down.   More than 200 police units from across the western suburbs of Chicago  responded to contain the situation. They were running toward the sound  of gunfire, as they do countless times each day in our country.   Six officers were injured during that response, and, in the  aftermath, we learned that we lost five members of our community:   Josh Pinkard, the plant manager at Henry Pratt, who, when fatally  shot, sent a final text message to his wife, Terra, to say ``I love  you'';   Trevor Wehner, on his first day at work at Pratt as an intern from  Northern Illinois University;   Clayton Parks, Trevor's supervisor and also a graduate of NIU;   Vicente Juarez, a hardworking family man who lived with his wife,  daughter, and grandchildren on a quiet street in Oswego;   Russell Beyer, a mold operator and union committee chairman from  Machinists Local 1202 and the father of two children.   Now, as we have done so many times before in Congress, I will soon  ask that we pause for a moment of silence; but this time, I would ask  each of you to also think of the voting card that each of us carries on  the House floor and the responsibility that you carry with that card,  because this week we will finally be voting on legislation for  effective and universal background checks for all gun sales. This is  legislation supported by both Republicans and Democrats in Congress and  supported by 97 percent of the American people.   So, our hearts go out to the family and friends of the victims left  behind, and now I ask that we pause for a moment of silence.   