 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Connecticut for  his leadership.   At a time when people see bipartisanship in short supply in  Washington, DC, this is one area where we can actually make some real  progress for the people we represent.   We all know that climbing healthcare costs are keeping people up at  night. Many people reached out to me in my office about the impossible  decisions they are required to make in order to keep pace with rising  prescription drug costs--particularly the out-of-pocket costs--whether  they pay some bills and have to defer or not pay others; whether they  cut their pills in half or self-ration the medications, which is  dangerous to their health, or don't fill prescriptions altogether  because they simply can't afford the out-of-pocket costs. No family  should be required to make those sorts of decisions.   Sadly, I know my constituents in Texas are not alone. The Kaiser  Family Foundation poll in September found that the No. 1 healthcare  concern of the American people is prescription drug prices. This is  something the President has said he wants to address, the House has  said they want to address, and the Senate has said we want to address,  and this legislation we are talking about will help move the ball in  the right direction.   A whopping 70 percent of people think growing prescription drug costs  should be the top priority for Congress, which should make it our No. 1  item on our to-do list. The good news is, we are making some progress.  Here in the Senate, we have taken a bipartisan approach, which is the  only way to actually get things done in Congress. We talked to every  major player in the supply chain, and we asked questions about whether  confusing practices that are not transparent to outsiders are all  combining to drive up costs.   What I find seriously concerning are the anti-competitive behaviors  of some of the drug manufacturers, the gamesmanship, particularly when  it comes to our patent system. We know companies pour a lot of time and  money into the research and development of new medications, and we  don't want to do anything to stop that. We want to incentivize that so  that they are able to recover their costs and perhaps make a profit  when the drug turns out to be successful. But we don't want them  playing games with the patent system in a way that prevents others at  some point, after that period of exclusivity, from being able to  compete with a generic alternative.   Ninety percent of the drugs we take are generic, and that is why they  are so affordable and so inexpensive, but for the top 10 percent of  branded drugs that people take, many of them simply are unaffordable.  These patents I refer to do protect the intellectual property for these  key drugs and are an important part of the incredible innovation that  occurs here in the United States, but increasingly we are seeing  companies using the patent system as a shield for competition beyond  the life of the patent.   It is time to put a stop to that. We can do that today. We can begin  that process today. That is exactly why I introduced the Affordable  Prescriptions for Patients Act with the Senator from  [[Page S6521]]  Connecticut. It targets two specific practices used by drug companies  to keep prices high. First is product hopping, which occurs when a  company develops a reformulation of a product that is about to lose its  exclusivity period and then pulls that original product off the market.  This is done not because the new formula is necessarily more effective  but because it prevents generic competitors for that product that has  now been pulled off the market. The second phenomenon we are trying to  combat is something called patent thicketing, which occurs when an  innovator uses multiple, overlapping patents with identical claims to  make it nearly impossible for competitors to enter the field.   This is not how patents were supposed to be used, and we shouldn't  allow these anti-competitive practices to continue. In one case  involving the drug HUMIRA, the most popular drug being prescribed  today, there are more than 120 separate patents for essentially the  same molecule. Meanwhile, patients can't get access to competitive  drugs that probably would be cheaper here in America, while there are  four approved alternatives in Europe.    The American people simply should not have to put up with this. We  need to stop companies from manipulating the system and keeping  competitors tied up in courtrooms so that patients can start to feel  some relief.   Patients aren't the only ones who would benefit from this bill. The  Congressional Budget Office released a cost estimate and found that it  would lower Federal spending by more than half a billion dollars over  10 years. That is not a whole lot of money in the grand scheme of  things, but when you consider what the impact would be in the private  insurance market, too, that begins to add up, and it adds up where it  counts the most when it comes to seniors and other patients paying out  of pocket for their copays and deductibles in order to get the drugs  they need.   This bill really checks every box. It protects innovation, increases  competition, lowers prices for patients, and saves money for taxpayers.  Not surprisingly, as the Senator from Connecticut pointed out, it has  strong support on both sides of the aisle. The Judiciary Committee,  which ordinarily is a pretty contentious place, unanimously voted this  bill out of committee. Our friend from Illinois, Senator Durbin, and  Senator Murray from Washington--two Members of the Democratic  leadership--are both cosponsors of the bill, which shows just how  noncontroversial this is.   I think it is time that we pass this legislation and let our  constituents know we have heard their concerns and we are committed on  a bipartisan basis to bringing down drug prices.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No.  132, S. 1416.   I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute be  withdrawn and the Cornyn amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, like the minority leader, I hope we are  able to pass a larger bipartisan package this year. I serve on the  Finance Committee--    After I am through.    I serve on the Finance Committee and on the Judiciary  Committee, where this bill came from, and I know Senator Murray and  Senator Alexander have a package out of the Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee. I welcome the opportunity to have those bills  come to the floor and to offer amendments and debate them and pass them  because I agree that the country would benefit by bringing down  healthcare costs, by bringing down prescription drug costs, and I  believe that work is long overdue, but my bill is not going to sink the  prospects of that larger package of legislation.   What we have in front of us is an uncontested, bipartisan bill that  we can pass today. Let's pass it. Let's not let the perfect be the  enemy of the good. What I hear the minority leader saying is that it is  either everything or nothing.    Mr. President, I will yield for a question after I am  through talking.   When there is a statement, in effect, of ``I want everything to be  done now or there will be nothing done at all,'' do you know what  happens? Every single time that argument is made and that position is  taken, nothing happens. Nothing happens. That is what people hate about  Washington, DC, and when they look at C-SPAN, if they do look at C- SPAN, and see these debates. It is everything or nothing.   The Democratic leader, who has now objected to the unanimous consent  request to take up and pass a bill that he has called good and well- intentioned and has said is not large, has objected to it. I think the  only people who would be rejoicing at this very moment would be the  very same people who are gaming the patent system and who are keeping  the out-of-pocket prices of prescription drugs high for seniors. Those  are the people who are popping champagne corks right now because this  is nothing more than a big, wet kiss for the people who are gaming the  patent system right now to the detriment of the American people.    I yield to the Democratic leader.    Mr. President, I would say to my friend the Democratic  leader that I support coverage for preexisting conditions, and I am not  aware of anyone in the Senate who opposes it. If such a bill is  scheduled for a vote on the floor, I will be more than happy to  participate in that process.    Mr. President, in speaking through the Presiding Officer,  I say to my friend that nothing gets done around here unless it is  bipartisan. Right now, the bill that the House has sent us is one that  divides people along party lines, which means it is unlikely we would  build the bipartisan consensus we would need to get it done in the  Senate. I am more than happy to engage in that debate and to vote on  amendments on such a bill, but I am not going to agree to price-fixing  by the U.S. Government, which will make more scarce and less available  the lifesaving prescription drugs that many people need. Yet I am happy  to engage in that debate, to vote, and to let the Senate and Congress  work their will.    Mr. President, as always, I am happy to work with the  Senator from New York on things on which we find our interests aligned.  Obviously, there are going to be things on which we disagree.  Frequently, there are. Yet he and I have worked together on legislation  on which we have been able to find enough common interest to be able to  build a consensus and get things done. They call that ``legislating''  around here.   There are other things that we should be doing here on a bipartisan  basis. For example, taking up and passing the appropriations bills,  including the Defense appropriations bill, so our U.S. military can  remain the most powerful, the best equipped, the best trained, and the  best led military in the world. That is of overwhelming importance. Yet  our colleagues on the other side have objected to and have blocked, on  at least two occasions, that  [[Page S6524]]  Defense appropriations bill. Now we have a short-term continuing  resolution that expires this November 21. I am told or have read that  there is likely to be a follow-on continuing resolution that takes us  up to December 20, but that is important work, too, because none of us  wants to see another government shutdown. No one wins with government  shutdowns.   This sort of gamesmanship that occurs by blocking bills that should  have support by overwhelming bipartisan numbers in the Senate is  important, too--things like paying the military, making sure that it  maintains its readiness to fight and win the Nation's wars, and even  more importantly, making sure it keeps the peace.   I know the majority leader has a challenge in trying to figure out  how to schedule legislation on the Senate floor, but it certainly  doesn't help when our Democratic colleagues repeatedly object to things  like appropriations bills and put us into this dysfunction when it  comes to paying the Federal Government's bills.   I would say to my friend from New York that I am always happy to work  with him and with any other Member in the Senate, no matter what one's  political party is and no matter what one's ideological persuasion is,  because I actually believe we were sent here to solve problems and to  get things done.   What I dislike and what I am disappointed about is the dysfunction  that we see in the U.S. Senate, whereby, even though it is less than a  year before the election, politics have overwhelmed our ability to get  things done. I came to the floor to say that maybe we can't do all of  this right now, today, but we can do this, and let's build on it once  we have gotten the bill passed.   I am disappointed that the Democratic leader has seen fit to object  to passing this bill that he himself called good and well-intended and  that is supported by organizations like the American Association of  Retired Persons. I do not understand it, but maybe somebody else does.  Their saying that we can't do something because it doesn't include  everything we want to do here, right now, is disappointing to me, and I  don't think it is what the American people sent us here to do.   I yield the floor.   