 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No.  910 be withdrawn and the only amendments in order to Treaties Calendar  No. 1 be the Paul amendment Nos. 924 to the treaty and 921 to the  resolution of ratification; further, that at 5 p.m. today, the Senate  vote on the Paul amendment No. 924; that following disposition of that  amendment, the resolution of ratification be reported and the Senate  vote on Paul amendment No. 921 take place; that following disposition  of that amendment, the Senate vote on the resolution of ratification  with no intervening action or debate; that if the resolution of  ratification is agreed to, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action; further, that the only amendments in order to  treaties Calendar Nos. 2, 3, and 4 be the Paul amendment Nos. 922, 919,  923, 918, and 920; finally, that the cloture motions in relation to  treaties Calendar Nos. 2, 3, and 4 be withdrawn, the pending amendments  to the treaties be withdrawn, and the Senate vote on ratification of  the treaties at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  consultation with the Democratic leader on Wednesday, July 17.   Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the cloture motions with  respect to the Corker, Blanchard, and Tapia nominations ripen following  disposition of Treaties Calendar No. 4.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote take  place after the completion of my remarks.    Mr. President and fellow Senators, today the Senate is  considering four tax protocols. These treaties--and these are  treaties--have been approved by substantial bipartisan majorities in  the Foreign Relations Committee in multiple successive Congresses. Two  of these four protocols were reported out of committee without  objection during the four most recent Congresses. It is in the interest  of U.S. taxpayers that these be approved, and it is time for these to  be approved.   I am honored that on my watch, we have finally brought these to the  floor and brought them here at this moment to actually adopt these  treaties, which will be adopted when the vote is called.   Tax treaties benefit U.S. businesses and citizens in a number of  ways. Tax treaties create certainty for the business community. They  promote a favorable business environment by minimizing uncertainty and  helping U.S. businesses grow.   In the case of Americans working and conducting business abroad, tax  treaties are indispensable in that respect. Tax treaties facilitate  trade and investment by preventing double taxation. They provide U.S.  taxpayers and investors with greater clarity about their tax burden.  They provide tools to ensure that U.S. taxpayers are treated equally  and fairly overseas, allowing them to invest and compete abroad with  the knowledge that they will not face discriminatory barriers.   Tax treaties strengthen the ability of U.S. businesses to explore new  opportunities abroad by establishing a predictable framework for how a  tax burden will be assessed. These treaties also provide tools to help  resolve tax disputes between the United States and our tax treaty  partners. Without these tools, U.S. investors would have limited  ability to resolve these problems on their own.   It is not just businesses that benefit from tax treaties. These  treaties impose reasonable limits in the amount of tax the other  country can impose on a U.S. person who might live or work overseas.  Tax treaties help us ensure that the United States can maintain an  appropriate tax base by preventing tax fraud.   One of our colleagues has raised concerns about how the treaties deal  with individual privacy and sensitive information. These treaties  protect taxpayer information in a manner consistent with decades-long,  established standards and practices under U.S. domestic law. These  standards and practices have been upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court for  more than half of a century. They have been used by administrations of  both parties for decades. Changing the standard now would create  confusion related to global administration of our tax laws.   I do not view this issue as an impediment or a change to how these  matters have been successfully handled in the past. I ask my colleagues  to oppose any amendments to these treaties. The treaties are consistent  with the U.S.-modeled tax treaty and with a decades-long practice of  implementing and enforcing our tax laws.   To be clear, any amendment to this resolution that materially changes  the underlying provisions of these treaties will require acceptance by  both our President and the foreign partner or the treaty cannot be  ratified. These amendments constitute a material change to the  treaties. They are damaging and would lead to, potentially, years of  further delay when further delay is simply not acceptable.   These treaties had been held up for 8 years, and I am very pleased  that this week we are finally moving forward in our role of advice and  consent to the President on these commonsense treaties. It is time to  move for the Senate to act on these treaties and a vote.   I urge my colleagues to approve them and to vote against the proposed  amendments.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Paul  have up to 5 minutes of debate prior to the second tranche of votes in  this series.   