 Madam President, I rise today to express my support for  S.J. Res. 2, a resolution of disapproval on lifting sanctions against  the energy and aluminum companies En+, RUSAL, and EuroSibEnergo.   To start from the beginning, the United States of America has had  very good reasons for sanctioning Oleg Deripaska. There are a number of  significant national security risks at play. That is why repeatedly-- not just in the current administration but in prior administrations-- this individual has been denied a visa and why he has been personally  sanctioned by the Treasury Department. As a matter of fact, the  Treasury press release announcing the sanctions noted that Deripaska  ``has been investigated for money laundering, has been accused of  threatening the lives of business rivals, illegally wiretapping a  government official, and taking part in extortion and racketeering.''  [[Page S193]]    These are not the qualifications of someone who should get relief  from the United States. I appreciate the fact that his company, RUSAL,  has an enormous effect upon the aluminum markets. I appreciate the  efforts the Treasury Department has tried to make in restricting his  control. But any businessperson knows that if you take an ownership  position from 70 percent to 45 percent, and even with the voting power  of 35 percent, you still control a company, particularly when this  company was founded and the management team was all created by Mr.  Deripaska.   As we see continuing challenges coming out of the Russian Government,  as we see continued efforts of Mr. Deripaska, being one of Vladimir  Putin's closest allies and closest cronies, we would send absolutely  the wrong signal if we in this body were to remove these sanctions.   I know my friend the Senator from Texas wants to speak in a moment. I  simply want to refer to the chairman of the Intelligence Committee,  Chairman Burr, who has frequently pointed out that Deripaska and his  associates have come up a number of times in our Senate Intelligence  Committee's Russia investigation. All those facts can't be laid out  here right now, but I strongly urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  this resolution that will come up later today, that we don't send a  signal that we are open for business with individuals who have the  reputation of Oleg Deripaska, and that we maintain the sanctions on  both him and his company, RUSAL.   I yield the floor to my friend the Senator from Texas.   