 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3619, the  Appraisal Fee Transparency Act of 2019. I thank Chairwoman Waters for  yielding the time, as well as the support that she has given.   Let me also thank Ranking Member McHenry for his support of this  legislation, as well as the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr.  Duffy, who I hope will be replaced with someone just as competent as  Mr. Duffy has been.   This bill would provide the Appraisal Subcommittee with greater  flexibility to determine the structure and amount of the fee charged to  appraisal management companies, provide the Appraisal Subcommittee with  greater flexibility to utilize fee proceeds to partner with different  entities to ensure compliance with Federal appraisal standards, add a  representative of the Department of Veterans Affairs to the Appraisal  Subcommittee, create a national registry of appraisers in training, and  provide consumers with greater transparency in the disclosure of fees  paid by appraisals.   Madam Speaker, as you are well aware, a significant part of the  housing market is comprised of veterans, as was mentioned, but  currently the Appraisal Subcommittee does not have representation from  the Department of Veterans Affairs. This bill would add a designee from  the VA, which further acknowledges the unique critical role of our  veterans.   Though this bill does not address this directly, one of the takeaways  from the hearing that we held back in June was the lack of diversity in  the appraisal industry, which currently does not have many women or  minorities. That is one of the reasons this bill adds a national  registry of appraiser trainees, which would help bring new people into  this unique and very important industry.   Lastly, the bill makes it Federal law to disclose to consumers the  fee that they pay for their appraisals. This consumer-friendly addition  to the bill promotes transparency and ensures that the opaque world of  appraisals is becoming more understandable to the average home buyer.   I will add that one of the most compelling parts of the appraisal  hearing was the testimony of scholar Andre Perry of the Brookings  Institution where he discussed in-depth the research of his colleagues  which demonstrated that the appraisal industry has contributed to the  growing racial wealth gap.   Madam Speaker, I look forward to the support of the House of this  important legislation.   