 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to engage in a colloquy with my colleagues.    Madam President, I rise today to speak about a very  important issue not only for my home State but for our country, and  that is the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, also referred to as  the USMCA.   This is the agreement that would replace NAFTA. It will increase  exports, expand consumer choice, raise wages, and boost innovation not  just for our country but also for two of our strongest trading  partners, Canada and Mexico, as well.   In the United States the U.S. International Trade Commission's  analysis found that the USMCA will raise GDP by nearly $63 billion and  create more than 176,000 jobs. The implementation of this agreement  will also benefit my State, as it will secure and expand market access  for our ag producers, and that is true for all of our ag-producing  States across the country. It will help to grow our manufacturing base,  as well, for our manufacturing States, such as Ohio. I see that my good  friend and colleague from Ohio has just joined us. It will provide  important support and help for the technology sector and energy sector.  All of our different industry sectors stand to benefit from this  agreement.   Access to foreign markets is critical for American agriculture and  for our producers, who have maintained an ag trade surplus for more  than 50 years. We produce far more than we can consume in this country,  and we need access to markets in Canada, Mexico, and beyond.   My State of North Dakota is the ninth largest producer of ag goods,  exporting and shipping $4.5 billion worth of ag products around the  globe, for example, in 2017.   Farmers and ranchers depend on free and fair trade to sell the  highest quality, lowest cost food supply, not just in our country but  in the world. We produce the highest quality, lowest cost food supply.  That benefits every single American every single day, and it benefits  many other people around the globe if we are able to export to these  other countries.   According to the International Trade Commission report, the USMCA  will increase U.S. ag and food exports to Canada and Mexico by $2.2  billion. This agreement secures existing market access, makes ag trade  fairer, increases access to the Canadian market, and supports  innovation in agriculture, which is why it is critical that Congress  consider and pass this agreement as soon as possible.   Passage of the USMCA will help to secure market access in Canada to  U.S. farmers and ranchers as the agreement maintains all existing zero- tariff provisions on ag products. Canada and Mexico are crucial markets  for U.S. agriculture and the USMCA gives the certainty that these  markets will continue to remain open for business.   I have more, but some of my colleagues are here. So I will turn to  them, starting with my colleague from Indiana, somebody who has been  active in business for many years. He built a business from scratch,  from nothing to, I believe, more than 1,000 employees. He is certainly  somebody who understands the importance of business and understands the  importance of markets and access to those markets, and trade and  export. So I turn at this point to the good Senator from Indiana for  some of his thoughts on this important issue.    I would like to thank the Senator from Indiana. Like our  State, it is a major ag State. It also has manufacturing and many other  areas. The USMCA is very important to the State of Indiana. I thank the  good Senator for his comments today.   I turn to the senior Senator from Iowa--another State that certainly  has a big part in ag--and ask for his comments on the importance of the  USMCA.    I would like to thank the Senator from Iowa not only for  his work on agriculture but also his leadership on the Finance  Committee, which is so important to advancing USMCA.   We will now go from the Midwest to the South. This is an agreement  that benefits all regions of the country. I now turn to the good  Senator from the great State of Arkansas    I would like to thank the Senator from Arkansas for his  words and also his leadership in agriculture.   Now I turn to the Senator from Ohio, who I think is going to touch on  some of the aspects that are beneficial for the manufacturing sector.   The Senator from Ohio.    I want to thank the Senator from Ohio. I introduced him  as the Senator from Ohio because that is what he is right now, but I  could have also said that he is the former USTR, U.S. Trade Ambassador,  so I guess I could have said Ambassador Portman, and he was also the  Director of the Office of Management and Budget. So when he gets up and  talks about the comparison of USMCA versus NAFTA, he certainly knows  what he is talking about, and I appreciate his being here and the  compelling case he makes based on many years of work and truly  understanding these trade agreements and being part of developing them.   So, again, my thanks to the Senator from Ohio. I appreciate him very  much.   Now I am going to turn to somebody who appreciates the farmer the way  I do, and that is the junior Senator from Iowa.    I want to thank the Senator from Iowa and turn to  somebody who, although he is very young, has been working very hard for  agriculture for a very long time, and that is the Senator from Kansas,  who also happens to be our Ag Committee chairman.    I thank the Senator from Kansas and our Agriculture  Committee chairman.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for up to an additional 3  minutes of time to allow the Senator from Colorado to make a few  remarks, and then we would turn to the Senator from Vermont for his  comments.    Madam President, I turn to the Senator from Colorado.    Madam President, I thank the Senator from Colorado.  Again, the message is clear: We need to pass USMCA, and we urge our  colleagues not only in this Chamber but in the House to do that and get  this done for our country, across all sectors of our economy.   With that, I turn to the Senator from Vermont and express my thanks  and appreciation to him.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   