 Madam Chair, 26 years ago, my sister had two forms of  leukemia that most people die from immediately; but because of earlier  clinical trials and innovative treatments, there was a way to get some  leukemia patients into remission.   Then we developed bone marrow transplants, and I matched her for  that.   Five years later, they called her a cure.   Today, my sister is alive, working, raising a family, and we have  treatments for leukemia that lead to a cure without even needing bone  marrow transplants.   These treatments are just steps in finding cures; and, as we work to  lower prescription drug prices, I want to make sure that we are looking  at it from all angles. We need to be aware of the impacts on the  quality of and access to care when considering effective solutions to  lower drug prices.   H.R. 3 threatens and, actually, puts a knife in the heart of the  pillars of research and development that have helped make America the  leader in health innovation.   Relying on foreign countries to set our prices is misguided. I don't  want to see the U.S. be controlled or manipulated by an arrangement  some other cabal of countries makes to affect our markets and our  patients. Other countries do not always share the same priorities we do  on access to quality care and saving lives.   What do we sacrifice with this bill? The best care? Cutting-edge  research? A lifesaving drug?   Unfortunately, the approach before us today is a dangerous one.  Government price controls and a looming threat of a 95 percent tax will  dramatically hurt our country's ability to research and innovate new  cures. Estimates show that the bill would lead to the loss of dozens of  new drugs. That means fewer lifesaving drugs and fewer American lives  saved.   As a physician, I can attest that every doctor's goal is to get the  best treatment for their patients. We can do more without going and  having this stop development and innovation.   The Republican alternative to this bill, H.R. 19, is bipartisan, and  it is an effort to lower prescription drug prices while also protecting  patients' access to new medicines and cures.   Americans deserve to have a healthcare system that delivers  treatments when they need it most and makes care more affordable.   