 Under the previous order, and pursuant to the Arms Export  Control Act of 1976, I move to discharge the Foreign Relations  Committee from further consideration of S.J. Res. 20 and S.J. Res. 26,  relating to the disapproval of the proposed foreign military sale to  the Governments of Bahrain and Qatar.    Madam President, the Middle East is a hot caldron,  continuing and continually threatening to boil over. I think it is a  mistake to funnel arms into these century-old conflicts.   There is no great certainty that the arms we send into the Middle  East aren't one day used against our own soldiers. In fact, there is a  real threat that someday our young soldiers will be sent to fight  against the very weapons we send to these so-called allies.   It has happened. In Iran, to this day, they still have some U.S.  weapons that are left over from the weapons the United States supplied  the Shah. In Iraq, some of the weapons we gave them to fight Iran were  still there when we returned to fight Saddam Hussein. In Afghanistan,  some of the weapons we gave to the mujahedin to fight the Russians were  still there when we returned to fight the Taliban. These weapons have a  life of their own. It is not certain that they will not be used against  us and often have been. Proliferating arms in the midst of chaos is a  recipe for disaster.   It is hard to argue that sending arms into Libya and Syria has, in  any way, advanced liberty. Dreamers often longingly speak of a peace  plan for the Middle East. Maybe we should consider a peace plan that  doesn't include dumping more arms into a region aflame with civil  unrest, civil war, and anarchy.   The argument goes that we must arm anyone who is not Iran. We are  told that, because of Iran's threat, the United States must accept  selling arms to anyone who opposes Iran, even bone saw-wielding  countries brazen enough to kill a dissident in a foreign consulate.   It doesn't matter how you act, how you behave, or whom you kill, we  will still give you arms. What would happen if we just said no? What  would happen if we simply conditioned arms sales on behavior? Are the  Saudis so weak that Iran will run over them and run over the whole  Middle East without our arms? Of course not.   The Saudis now spend more on their military than the Russians. The  Saudis have the third largest amount of military spending in the world,  only behind the United States and China. Saudi is No. 3. Saudi Arabia  is spending the  [[Page S3458]]  third most on arms of anybody in the world. The Saudis and their Gulf  allies spend eight times more than Iran. They are perfectly capable of  defending themselves against Iran.   What are the Saudis doing with all the weapons we give them? For one,  they are bombing civilians in Yemen. They have been using our bombs  and, up until recently, they were refueling their bombers with our  planes. We have no business in the war in Yemen. Congress never voted  on it. It is unauthorized, it is unconstitutional, and we have no  business aiding the Saudis in this massacre.   The Saudis have used these bombs to bomb a funeral procession. They  wounded over 400 at a funeral procession--they wounded over 400 and  killed 150. The Saudis recently bombed and killed 40 children on a  schoolbus.   The Saudis, with our support, continue to blockade one of the main  ports of Yemen. As a consequence of this blockade and the Yemeni civil  war, 17 million people live on the edge of starvation.   In addition, the Saudis indiscriminately fed arms into the Syrian  civil war. Even Hillary Clinton admitted this. In an email from Hillary  Clinton to John Podesta, she wrote: ``We need to use our diplomatic and  more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the  governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine  financial and logistic support to Isis.''   Does anybody remember? We went to war with ISIS because of their  horrendous violence and killing of civilians. We had to go back into  Syria. Who was funding ISIS? Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Why in the world-- what sane person would continue to send arms to countries that are  giving arms to our enemies?   I introduced a bill which, unfortunately, will not get a vote today,  and that is to quit arming terrorists. You say: Well, certainly you are  not serious. Yes, I am serious. We send arms to terrorists. We send  them, and there is a stopoff point--they stop off in Saudi Arabia, they  stop off in Qatar, they stop off in Bahrain--but these arms are winding  up in the hands of al-Qaida and radicals whom we say we are pledged to  defeat and that our soldiers risk life and limb defending against.   Let's make sure no one misses this point. Hillary Clinton admitted  that Qatar and Saudi Arabia were funding and arming ISIS. How  insulting. Our brave soldiers are sent over there, risking life and  limb, and we are supplying arms to the enemy.   Hillary Clinton sent another State Department cable. In this, it  read: ``Saudi Arabia remains a critical financial support base for al- Qaeda, the Taliban.'' That is whom we are fighting in Afghanistan.   So we are fighting al-Qaida everywhere. We are fighting the Taliban  in Afghanistan, and they are being aided and armed by Saudi Arabia.  This is insane. This policy makes no sense at all; that your dollars  are buying weapons to be thrown into the Middle East to be spread among  who knows whom.   Patrick Cockburn concludes the emails reveal ``the State Department  and US intelligence clearly had no doubt that Saudi Arabia and Qatar  were funding Isis.''   To add insult to injury, there are now reports that the Saudi-led  coalition that is bombing Yemen are giving American weapons to al- Qaida-linked fighters in Yemen, hardline Salafist militias, and anyone  willing to fight the Houthis.   The problem with Congress is they are so obsessed with Iran, Iran,  Iran that they can't understand they are giving weapons to people who  are giving weapons to enemies of the United States. Because they so  want to combat Iran, they are willing to turn away and give anybody in  the Middle East anything they want because we say: We have to  stop Iran--when, in reality, the big power there is Saudi Arabia and  the Gulf sheikdoms.    On the one hand, we are told that al-Qaida is the enemy that attacked  us on 9/11, which they did. On the other hand, we are told to turn a  blind eye and send more arms to Saudi Arabia and Qatar that end up  winding up in the hands of al-Qaida and ISIS. It is completely crazy.  What sane person would sell arms to a regime that kills, tortures, and  imprisons their dissidents? The Saudis routinely behead and then  crucify their opponents.   Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr was executed and crucified, and his nephew sits  on death row accused of sending text messages to encourage people to  come to a protest rally. In Saudi Arabia, if you insult the government  or insult the King, you can be put to death. These are the people whom  this Congress, this Senate, will shortly vote on sending your weapons  to these people. It is insane. America needs to say: Quit sending our  weapons to crazy people. Quit sending our weapons to ISIS. Quit sending  our weapons to people who hate us.   How can this possibly be? Because people say: Oh, no, Iran. If we  don't give money to Saudi Arabia, Iran will take over the world. Saudi  Arabia spends eight times as much on their military as Iran. There is  no danger of Iran taking over the Middle East with Saudi Arabia there.  There is a great danger, though, if we keep funneling arms in there and  fueling the arms race that the powder keg will blow up.   Since the 1980s, the Saudis are estimated to have spent $100 billion  exporting radical jihadism. This is a crazy ideology that preaches  hatred of Jews, hatred of Christians, hatred of Hindus, and hatred of  the West in general. This is whom they want to send weapons to: Saudi  Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain. They don't like us. They take our money, they  take our weapons, but they don't like us. They don't like Christians.  They don't like Jews. They don't like Hindus.   The Saudis fund tens of thousands of madrassas. Madrassas are  religious schools that teach the radical form of jihadism that Saudi  Arabia supports. There used to be a couple hundred in Pakistan. There  are now tens of thousands of madrassas in Pakistan. At one particular  madrassa, 80 percent of the students join the Taliban when they leave  school.   Why in the world would we send arms to a country like Saudi Arabia  that is funding madrassas that are sending soldiers that we have to  fight against in Afghanistan? What kind of bizarre world do we live in  that we are arming people who arm our enemies?   It has also been reported that the administration wants to give  nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia. That is genius. News reports reveal  that the administration authorized giving U.S. nuclear technology to  Saudi Arabia weeks after Jamal Khashoggi's murder, weeks after Saudi  Arabia was implicated and the CIA actually concluded that the Crown  Prince of the country was responsible for the bone saw-dismembering  murder of Jamal Khashoggi.   The administration says: Well, we should probably give them nuclear  technology. Well, it is just going to be for energy purposes. One  cannot overstate the calamity that awaits the Middle East and perhaps  the world if Saudi Arabia should misuse peaceful nuclear technology in  the pursuit of nuclear weapons. Without question, Iran would follow. A  Middle East with three different countries with nuclear weapons is not  something any sane person would want to contemplate.   Today's vote is not directly about Saudi Arabia. We will have another  vote next week or in the near future about selling arms to Saudi  Arabia, but, indirectly, today's vote is about the wisdom of  proliferating arms in the Middle East. Today's vote is specifically  about disapproving U.S. arms sales to Qatar and to Bahrain.   First, let's look at Qatar. Is Qatar a good actor in the Middle East?  There are dozens of reports that U.S. weapons sold to Qatar wound up in  the hands of al-Nusra. Who is al-Nusra? Al-Nusra is an al-Qaida-like  affiliate of radical Islamists who hate the United States and hate  Israel and would set up an extreme form of radical Islamist government.  They are there to win. We didn't directly give them weapons, but we  gave weapons to Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which gave weapons to al-Nusra  in the Syrian civil war.   There are also reports that Qatar's weapons have been so  indiscriminately distributed throughout the Middle East that many of  these weapons have also wound up in the hands of ISIS. So al-Qaida, al- Nusra, and ISIS are getting weapons from Qatar. Where does Qatar get  the weapons? From the United States.   The vote today is whether we should keep sending weapons to Qatar,  which then sends them to our enemies, and  [[Page S3459]]  then we send our soldiers to the Middle East to fight against our own  weapons. It is insulting; it is insane; and it needs to stop.   There are also reports that Qatar has been linked to support for  Hamas. I am not talking about one report. I am talking about dozens and  dozens and dozens. Hamas is violently trying to remove or obliterate  the State of Israel, our ally, but we are going to give weapons to  Qatar, which is giving weapons to Hamas, which has pledged to devastate  Israel. Does that make any sense at all? Why would we give weapons to  Qatar, which gives them to Hamas, which would attack our ally Israel?  It makes no sense at all.   Former Under Secretary for Terrorism, David Cohen, writes: Qatar, a  longtime U.S. ally, has for many years openly financed Hamas. Cohen  also noted that Qatar allows fundraisers to solicit donations for al- Qaida and ISIS within Qatar.   Many sources claim that Qatar has also provided safe haven for al- Qaida leadership. Qatar is so distrusted that even the bone saw- wielding Saudis think it is unwise to sell arms to Qatar. The Saudis,  no stranger to terrorism, cut diplomatic relations with Qatar over  allegations that Qatar was supporting terrorism. They both have  supported terrorism, and now Saudi Arabia is saying: Qatar is even  worse than we are. We are bad. We give arms to terrorists. Sure we do,  yes, but Qatar is even worse, so we are not going to give any arms to  Qatar because Qatar is giving them to even worse people than we give  them to.   In the chaotic aftermath of the overthrow of Qadhafi in Libya, there  is civil war, there is chaos, and it is a breeding ground for  terrorism. Qatar supports the faction opposed to the faction we  support.   It could change next week. But as of now, we are going to give Qatar  weapons today, and they are involved in Libya on the side opposite of  what we are supporting.   Why would we give weapons to a country that opposes us in a civil  war? There is a good question as to why we would be involved in the  Libyan civil war at all and why we ever went over there to topple their  government, but that is now water under the bridge. You have this chaos  in Libya, where the United States is supporting one side and Qatar is  supporting the other side. So why in the world would we give weapons to  people who are opposing us in an armed conflict?   No one disputes that Qatar has armed al-Qaida and other radical  groups throughout the Middle East. People say: Oh, we have a base  there. They let us land. They let us do stuff. So we need to look the  other way and not care that they continue to support al-Qaida, ISIS,  al-Nusra, and other radical elements throughout the Middle East.   How much of a risk is it to sell arms to Qatar? Only time will tell.  How much of a risk is it that in the future our soldiers may fight  against U.S. weapons that Qatar passes along to extremists? I think  that is a very real risk. It has already happened, and it will continue  to happen. If you do not condition armed sales on behavior, they will  not change their behavior.   Some say: Oh, we have to do this. We have to have a base there. We  have to do it.   They say that particularly with Bahrain. Bahrain is an island nation,  a small nation. We have a big Navy presence there and thousands of  sailors there. So they say: Well, it is our naval base. It is a  stopping port. We need this naval base, so we are going to look the  other way.   We look the other way for a country that is ruled by a monarchy  composed of a minority. The Shia population, which is a form of Islam,  is about 70 percent of the public. Twenty-five, thirty percent is  Sunni, and that is the monarchy. If you are Shia, and you object to the  government or you criticize the government, guess what--you are  imprisoned.   There are currently 4,000 political prisoners in Bahrain. Bahrain  bans any political opposition. One opposition leader, Sheikh Ali  Salman, is in prison for life for speaking out against the government.  Student leader Moosa Abdulla Moosa Jaafar was sentenced to death for  protesting against government policy. Nabeel Rajab was given 5 years in  prison for exposing and tweeting about torture in Bahraini prisons.  Famous Bahraini football player Hakeem al-Araibi was arrested on his  honeymoon in Thailand and held for 76 days by the Bahraini Government.  In January of this year, the prominent Shia cleric, Sayed Majeed Al  Meshaal, was arrested for criticizing extrajudicial killings by the  Bahraini Government.   Should we be sending offensive weapons to a regime that uses violence  to quell political dissent? Should we be funding a regime that is  currently involved with the Saudis in bombing civilians in Yemen?  Should we send offensive weapons to a country that has been  indiscriminately killing civilians in Yemen? Should we send offensive  weapons to a regime that tortures and unjustly imprisons and outlaws  its political opponents?   The weapons that this Congress will send to Bahrain, to this minority  monarchy, to this authoritarian government may someday wind up in the  hands of revolutionaries. How long will it be until the powder keg of  Bahrain has its own revolution?   We did this in Iran. We sent them to a ruler who didn't represent the  majority in Iran, the Shah. We did it for a long time. But in the end,  from the backlash that came in Iran and the downfall of the Shah, our  weapons fell into the hands of people who hate our country. The same  could happen in any one of these powder keg countries in the Middle  East. The weapons we send to Bahrain today may well be in the hands of  revolutionaries in the near future.   The facts are not contested. Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Bahrain have  all allowed U.S. weapons to be funneled to radical Islamist groups  throughout the Middle East. Dumping more weapons into the Middle East  will not get us any closer to peace.   A ``yes'' vote today is a vote for sanity. A ``yes'' vote is a vote  to quit sending arms to people who abuse human rights. A ``yes'' vote  today is a vote against aiding and abetting the Saudi-led war in Yemen.  A ``yes'' vote today is finally a vote for restoring Congress's proper  role as a check on Executive power.   Our Founding Fathers were wary of granting any President too much  power. James Madison wrote that the executive is the branch most prone  to war. Therefore, the Constitution, with studied care, granted that  power--the power to declare war--to Congress and not the President. I  urge a ``yes'' vote today to help restore a semblance of the separation  of powers that is necessary to preserve our great Republic.   Thank you.   I yield back my time.   