 Madam President, Friday's announcement that the  administration had reached an agreement to remove steel and aluminum  tariffs on Canada and Mexico was great news for American consumers,  producers, and workers. Mexican and Canadian retaliatory tariffs on  U.S. products have already been lifted. That is a big deal for American  producers, especially for farmers and ranchers, who were hit the  hardest by Mexico and Canada's retaliatory tariffs.   Friday's agreement is also important because it removes a significant  roadblock to passage of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. With  the aluminum and steel tariff settlement and labor reforms recently  adopted by the Mexican Government, two major Democratic objections to  passage of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement have been addressed. Now it  is time for the House Democratic leadership to indicate its willingness  to take up the agreement in the near future.   The U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement would boost almost every sector of  the American economy, from automotive manufacturing, to digital  services, to dairy farming. It would create 176,000 new jobs and  increase wages for workers. It is time to take up this agreement. As I  said, the U.S.-Mexico-Canada free-trade agreement would be a boon for  U.S. producers and U.S. workers.   This is the kind of stuff we should be spending our time on in  Washington--measures that grow our economy, increase opportunity, and  improve life for the American people. That is what Republicans have  been working on. Our policies have helped produce the lowest  unemployment rate in 50 years and more jobs and higher wages for  workers.   Unfortunately, my colleagues across the aisle seem more interested in  relitigating the 2016 election and accelerating their party's rapid  move toward the radical fringe left.   While I realize the Democrats are disappointed with the results of  the 2016 Presidential election, it is time for them to accept the fact  that they lost. It has been more than 2 years now, and Democrats are  still more focused on opposing this President than on getting things  done for the American people.   When Democrats do get around to talking about legislation, too often,  it is proposals from the radical fringe left, which is rapidly  swallowing up the Democratic mainstream. Take the Green New Deal, the  Democrats' plan for a government takeover of a large section of the  economy in the name of clean energy. The estimated price tag for this  government takeover is between $51 trillion and $93 trillion over 10  years. To put that number in perspective, $93 trillion is more money  than the U.S. Government has spent in its entire history, and $93  trillion is more money than the 2017 gross domestic product of the  entire world.   How do Democrats plan to pay for this? Well, they don't actually have  a plan. Their usual ``tax the rich'' solution won't work since taxing  every wealthy American at a 100-percent rate wouldn't come anywhere  close to paying for the Green New Deal. Should the Green New Deal ever  come to pass, working Americans would face massive tax hikes for the  privilege of having government dictate the design of their house and  the type of their car.   Then, of course, there is the Democrats' plan for a government  takeover of the Nation's healthcare. Under so-  [[Page S2988]]  called Medicare for All, the government would take away Americans'  insurance choices and force everyone into a single one-size-fits-all,  government-run plan and then tax Americans to pay for it.   Thanks to policies like tax reform, American families are doing  better than they have been doing in a long time. They have been taking  home more money. They have access to better jobs and more  opportunities, and they are enjoying better wages and benefits. To most  people, it would seem logical to continue and build on the policies  that have gotten us here, but not to Democrats. Democrats want to  overturn the policies that have gotten us to this point. Instead of tax  cuts, they want tax hikes so they can implement their socialist  fantasies. Instead of less government interference in Americans' lives,  they want more. They think the government should be directing your  healthcare choices, your housing choices, your energy choices, and much  more. It is unfortunate that the Democratic Party is being swallowed by  its extreme left wing.   Republicans are going to do everything we can to protect Americans  from Democrats' socialist fantasies and to continue to expand the  choices and the opportunities available to American families.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr).   