 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman from California for her  time and her leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I think that Congress understands at this point that  Venezuela is in crisis; that its people are in crisis under the evil  fist of a tyrannical dictator who has stayed in power through  fraudulent elections.   That is why the United States recognized Juan Guaido as interim  President in a bipartisan fashion, from President Trump and leaders in  the Senate, to leaders in the House, including our Speaker, Nancy  Pelosi.   And that is why we have come together in a bipartisan fashion to file  and pursue the passage of the Venezuela TPS Act. It was cointroduced  with bipartisanship in its heart with Congressman Diaz-Balart, who has  joined me here today to try to get the job done and to get everybody  together.   We have been joined by such amazing leaders like Congresswoman  Shalala--who we will hear from in a second--who helped on the Rules  Committee; or with the help of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz,  who helped to work with leadership; and Debbie Mucarsel-Powell, a  Congresswoman who helped us guide it through the Judiciary Committee,  along with Congresswoman Lofgren as well.   The administration has said positive statements about this. Just this  past week, Secretary Pompeo said that this could happen. And we had  Vice President Pence in Florida saying that we need to act to help the  Venezuelan people.   So I think we are going to have a second chance. We are going to have  a chance tonight to vote on this again where we won't need a two-thirds  vote, but it would say a lot about saying that the Socialist regime  that Maduro has in Venezuela needs to go, and that we, as a Congress,  stand together as Democrats and Republicans to condemn that; and to  allow people who are here, over 170,000 in Florida, and over 1 million  throughout the United States, to have a second chance.   Mr. Speaker, I really hope the House can come together and show our  very best tonight with the vote.   According to USCIS, Venezuelans have become the largest group of  asylum seekers applying for refuge in the U.S. Venezuelans made up one- third of all asylum claims, ahead of people from Central America,  China, and all other countries. That is really significant considering  the humanitarian crisis that all parties have recognized is at the  border right now.    Only Venezuelans already in the United States who pose no risk to the  safety or security of our country are eligible for TPS. The program  already contains the most stringent criminal and public safety bars in  all of immigration law, so we make sure that there are only those who  are worthy.   Lastly, temporary protective status is the current law of the land.    Mr. Speaker, I also want to just make a point that the  temporary protected status program is the current law of the land. The  program was created for this exact purpose, to help people living under  dire conditions, like Venezuelans who fear for their lives. It allows  them to stay in the U.S. until the situation changes in their home  country.   In this broader debate over immigration and over TPS, let us not  sacrifice the Venezuelan people in the process but, rather, come  together in a bipartisan fashion to show the very best of this Chamber  in the interest of freedom and liberty, not only to Venezuela, but  across the globe.   