 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the  time.   Mr. Speaker, we are here today to talk about energy policy; we are  here today to talk about jobs and national security; and we are here  today to talk about the environment and climate change.   We have three bills that this rule addresses: We have an Alaska bill;  we have an eastern Gulf of Mexico bill; and we have an Atlantic bill.   The idea here is that we are going to carry out policies that stop  energy production in the United States for the purpose of protecting  the environment. That sounds like a laudable goal: Let's protect the  environment. I fully agree with that.   Here is the problem: When you look at evidence from the Obama  administration, it shows that, by shutting down domestic energy  production, it increases greenhouse gas emissions--increases, not  decreases. It increases imports of energy from other countries, not  decreases. It threatens our national security.   Mr. Speaker, do you want to see how this plays out? Case in point,  let's go up to the Northeast last winter.   In the Northeast last winter, because they obstructed and prevented  natural gas pipelines from being built into the Northeast to provide  cleaner natural gas fuels to help warm these homes, heat these homes,  they had to import natural gas from Russia.   The policies that these bills are advancing, all this is is a gift  for Vladimir Putin. This is billions of dollars. This is American jobs.  You are not  [[Page H7570]]  helping the environment. You are not helping the trade deficit.   We, very simply, came in and just said: Do you know what? We want to  offer some amendments to help clean these up. Let's help these bills  achieve their objectives. We offered 10 amendments. All 10 amendments  were rejected by this rule.   If you want to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, fine. I am with you.  Let's do that.   If you want to improve the environment, fine. I am with you.   Mr. Speaker, opposition to this rule is necessary. These bills do not  achieve the objectives that are set.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's  statement about energy production today.   I want to remind the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, that as we produce  energy, we are extracting something. Therefore, new development in  these areas is necessary in order to replenish the areas that are  producing today.   I also want to remind the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, that, if the United  States is not providing energy to these countries where we are  exporting today, in some cases, countries like Russia come in and fill  that void. So it doesn't make sense for us to shut down these areas, to  stop these areas, particularly in the eastern Gulf of Mexico where you  have adjacent production. You have production attempts in Cuba,  production in Mexico.   This doesn't do anything to help to protect this environment. I  really think we need to look at this a little bit more carefully.   