 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, there are some fundamental principles that we all  ought to be able to agree on: Don't hurt other people; respect the  right of doctors to do no harm; respect the right of parents to protect  their children.   Now, the bill before us today could have affirmed the right of every  adult to declare their own gender consistent with these principles.  Unfortunately, it violates these principles in the most fundamental  ways. And this isn't speculation. Many States have already adopted  similar laws, so we can see, firsthand, the result of them.   This bill harms people in so many ways: destroying safe spaces for  women, undermining women-owned businesses, intimidating the free  exercise of conscience. But let me concentrate on one aspect, the  destructive impact it has on women's sports.   Wherever these laws are imposed, biological males have begun to  dominate women's competitions. Listen to 16-year-old Selina Soule of  Connecticut. She tells the story of qualifying for the prestigious  Middletown Invite.   She says this: ``Eight of us lined up at the starting line . . . but  when six of us were only about three-quarters into the race, two girls  were already across the finish line. . . . What just happened? Two boys  identifying as girls happened. Fair is no longer the norm. The chance  to advance, the chance to win has been all over for us. . . . I missed  the chance to compete in the New England Championship this past season  because of this.''    And she goes on to say: ``The CAAC won't listen to my voice, but I  hope Congress will. . . . H.R. 5 will endanger women and girls of all  ages by opening up every sports team in the country to any male who  self-identifies as female. This policy will take away our medals,  records, scholarships, and dreams.''   And we know this will happen because it already has. And we know it  is the intent of the bill because Congressman Steube offered an  amendment: ``Nothing in this act may be construed to require a  biological female to face competition from a biological male in any  sporting event.'' The Democrats voted it down on a party-line vote.   Sorry, Selina, but if you are looking for fairness from this  majority, you have come to the wrong place.   Now, this bill could have protected the professional judgment of  doctors, but it doesn't. At our hearing on May 1, Mr. Cicilline said:  ``What H.R. 5 does is to ensure that transgender people, including  young people, are not denied care because of their gender identity.''   Well, what is care for gender identity? Cross-sex hormones, puberty  blockers, and surgery. Refuse to provide it on the self-diagnosis of a  child and you have just broken the law.   Indeed, Johns Hopkins University, which pioneered sex reassignment  surgery, stopped the practice because they saw the long-term harm it  did to their patients.   And we know that is the intent of the bill as well, because I offered  an amendment: ``Nothing in this act shall  [[Page H3935]]  be construed to require healthcare providers to affirm the self- professed gender identity of a minor,'' and the Democrats voted it down  on a straight party-line vote.   Listen to one anguished parent, Elaine, tell her story. She says:  ``Let me explain to you how this works. If you take your child to a  clinic to seek help, affirmative care means the . . . professionals  must accept a child's professed gender identity. . . . Under  `conversion therapy' bans, questioning a child's professed gender  identity is now illegal. So, if a little boy is 5 years old and  believes he is the opposite sex, affirmative care means going along  with his beliefs. Parents are encouraged to refer to him as their  `daughter' and let him choose a feminine name. Teachers are told to let  him use the girls bathroom at school. Therapists will reassure parents  that social transition is harmless and reversible. Is it really  harmless to tell a child who still believes in the tooth fairy that he  is of the opposite sex? . . . If a 10-year-old girl is uncomfortable  with her developing body and suddenly insists she is a boy, affirmative  care means blocking this girl's puberty with powerful drugs.''   And we know this will happen because it already has. And we know this  is the intent of the bill because Congressman   Mike Johnson offered an  amendment: ``Nothing in this act or any amendment made by this act may  be construed to deny a parent's right to be involved in their minor  child's medical care.'' And the Democrats voted that amendment down on  a party-line vote.   Elaine goes on to say: ``I am speaking out because I love my  daughter. And it is because of her that I know what I have told you is  true. She has been a victim of `gender affirming' medical procedures,  and I was powerless to stop doctors from harming her.''   I am sorry, Elaine. The House majority doesn't care, and it isn't  listening. This is the brave new world that House Democrats propose  under the name, ``equality.''   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Arizona (Mrs. Lesko).    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Arizona  an additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman  from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx).    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Collins), the ranking member of the  Judiciary Committee, control the remainder of my time.   