 Mr. Speaker, I just want to give my strong support for S.  178.   I look back over the years when we have seen this, and we have had  these discussions in our Foreign Affairs Committee about the atrocities  that are going on in the Xinjiang province.   Last year we talked about the concentration camps that we see going  up, and then there were reports about the crematoriums that were going  in. And we read advertisements to hire guards for the crematoriums.  They must be physically fit, they must be able to defend themselves,  and they need to know how to use a weapon. So they had armed  crematoriums set up in this province.   My question is: Why do you need armed crematoriums if it is a  crematorium to burn people? You know, the dead.   And I think the intent of what China is doing is self-evident. And  America, as the leader of the free world, and all countries that  believe in freedom and liberty, they must stand up against this  injustice because this is going on around the world. And if you believe  the words of General Eisenhower at Auschwitz and other Nazi  concentration camps after the end of World War II when he said: Never  again. Never again will we allow this to happen. But it is happening  right now. And it is happening in an area that we know in a country  that is suppressing freedom around the world.   We see it in Hong Kong. We have seen what they have done with Tibet.  They want to do it to any country or any population that is against the  Communist Party, the Chinese Communist Party. And this is something, if  we don't do this, this will go on. And this is where the world needs to  wake up, and they need to say, any time we buy something made in China,  we are empowering this country and Xi Jinping and the Communist Party  complex to do the same thing over and over again.   It is time we make a strong stand and S. 178 is a great start to  doing this. I look for strong support in the House. I look for it to be  signed into law and that we send a strong signal from America, being  the leaders in the free world, to the rest of the world to follow suit  and send a strong signal back to China that this is not going to be  tolerated. We will not put up with this.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the sponsors of this bill for  doing what they are doing, because this is a message for the people  around the world who don't know what is going on. It is this body that  is kind of leading the charge on this, and I am proud to be associated  with it, so thank you all.   