 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the amendment addresses a glaring flaw in  the legislation.   The bill strips nonunion employees of any and all benefits they might  gain by contracts they have signed to arbitrate their disputes. It says  that contracts which force arbitration for employment disputes-- thereby, contracts which open a faster, cheaper path of justice for  employees--are no longer permitted even though research has shown that  employees obtain more favorable judgments in arbitration than in court.  In court, of course, the average employee stands to be seriously  outgunned by an employer who has far more resources to hire costly  courtroom counsel.   While the bill takes those benefits out of the hands of nonunion  employees, it doesn't do that for union employees. Predispute,  mandatory binding arbitration contracts negotiated by unions with  employers or with other unions are left untouched by the bill.   This bill is titled the Forced Arbitration Injustice Repeal Act, but  it should be titled the forced injustice guarantee act because the bill  enacts injustice between union and nonunion employees.   Nonunion employees get handed over to the high-cost plaintiffs' trial  lawyers and may never be able to afford their day in court. Union  employees get all the benefits of forcing arbitration with their  employers and don't have to make a sacrifice at all like the nonunion  employees do.   Mr. Chairman, the amendment fixes the hypocritical treatment in the  legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have seen elected officials change their  positions. I have never seen it happen in 5 minutes.   Mr. Chair, 5 minutes ago, the chairman of the Committee on the  Judiciary stood up at the end, closing out the debate on the overall  legislation before we got to the amendment debate, and he said this,  ``a bedrock principle in this country is you get your day in court.''  The next word he used was important. He said, ``all'' Americans deserve  their day in court. Now, he just told us that is not the case.   I guess by ``all,'' he meant only if you are nonunion do you get your  day in court. Union people don't. They have to abide by these  arbitration contracts.   This is really simple. This is about fairness. If it is good for the  goose, it is good for the gander. That is all we are saying here.   If the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary believes what he  just said 5 minutes ago, then he should be in support of this  amendment.   Or maybe he didn't mean ``all'' when he said ``all'' Americans  deserve their day in court.   Maybe he didn't mean ``bedrock principle'' when he said bedrock  principle.   Maybe he only meant, Oh, it is a principle just for some people,  which means, by definition, it is not a principle at all.   So I want to know which position the chairman has; the one he said 5  minutes ago, or the one he said 2 minutes ago.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   