 Mr. President, I came here to make my climate  remarks, but I can't resist the opportunity--both as a Senator who  actually gets quite a lot of bipartisan legislation passed with my  Republican friends but also somebody who sits on the Judiciary  Committee--to point out that there actually are quite a few firsts  happening that I think help explain why the floor has become a  battleground for so many of these nominees.   One first has been that this is the first time, I think, in anybody  in the Senate's lifetime experience in which the blue slip is not  honored for circuit court judges, in which a judge on the circuit court  of appeals associated with the Presiding Officer's State of Oklahoma or  my State of Rhode Island--we get rolled. We do not have the ability to  approve or disapprove those judges. That is a long tradition of the  Senate summarily thrown out.   This is the first time, I think in the history of the United States,  in which the selection of judges is being done by a private group  funded with anonymous money. That is a very bizarre way to go about  picking judges. That is the way it is taking place right now. In fact,  the gentleman named Leonard Leo from the Federalist Society who is  doing the picking was admitted by Trump's legal counsel to have been  insourced for the selection process. That is a first. We never had a  private organization pick our Federal judges funded with anonymous  money.   Finally, there are some qualified appointees to the bench. I voted  for a considerable number, when I thought they were qualified. The  problem is, when the unqualified ones come through, they get stuffed  through just like anyone else. It is a rarity when we get somebody so  flagrantly unqualified as the lawyer who did not know what a motion in  limine was--a standard motion before any trial in a Federal court--had  no idea what it was. It was actually a Republican Senator who was able  to determine that and asked further questions because, frankly, it is  pretty astounding to want to be a trial judge and not know what that  is. So there have been some firsts, and if we could go back to where we  were beforehand, I think we would see a smoother process.   