 Mr. Speaker, we heard earlier some comments from the  other side about, gee, what could have been done, and the desire for a  bipartisan agreement on things. And yet, I know since President Trump  came into office, he offered a deal to work out legalization for folks  that had been granted DACA, and that offer was slapped down.   So it is interesting to hear now, after the opportunity did present  itself in the last Congress, with Republicans in control in the House  and Senate, and the President, wanting to work something out in a  bipartisan manner, now, we hear, oh, we wanted it bipartisan all along.   Well, a problem with a self-governing nation is that when people  abandon the rule of law in that self-governing nation, it is not going  to remain self-governing that much longer.   What has made America strong was that--one of the things--that nobody  was above the law. That included Presidents, it included most  everybody. There were exceptions.   But as I have continued to say for a number of years, we should  seal--not seal, but we should control the border, get it secured,  continue to give over a million visas a year. Fine. Most generous  country in the world when it comes to allowing access, ingress and  egress. Continue that, but control the border.   And once the border is controlled, we can work out about what to do  about the people that came in illegally. We can work that out.   Some try to slam Republicans and say, oh, you must hate Hispanics.  They don't know our hearts. They don't know my heart.   The huge majority of Hispanics I know, they love God, they are  devoted to their family, and they have an incredibly hard work ethic. I  think those are three things, three components that help, really, make  America a great country, the greatest I believe in the world. We need  more of that. That is a great thing. But the immigration has to be  legal.   Now, this bill, though, we had a rule shoved through, no amendments  were going to be allowed. Not only is this not going to be a bipartisan  effort to work out an agreement from both sides, we are slamming this  through. We are not letting any amendments.   And there were clearly problems with the bill. For example, my  amendment would have helped stop gang members from being given  legalization. No. No. That got voted down.   And not only was the amendment voted down, under the bill, the  Secretary cannot consider the fact that we have information in our  database that clearly shows that someone is a gang member. Oh, no.   Not only that, the Secretary, under this bill, is prohibited from  getting help to go through and review evidence of who is a gang member  and who isn't. That would mean hundreds of thousands of people would  have to be considered by the Secretary individually.   That is no mistake. They knew the Secretary could not do that. So  they were going to get as many gang members in as can possibly come in.  And there will be disputes over who came in when. That is an ongoing  issue.   But if a gang member is denied under this program, then all the other  applicants, will have to pay a fee that will pay for the gang member's  lawyer to sue in Federal court.   Look, it is clear what is going on. One party thinks their future as  the only party, as the majority party, will be to get as many felons  voting as possible and get as many people in here beholden to the  Democratic Party, legally, illegally, whatever.   But the tragedy continues to go on at the border. Every time we  mention legalization, amnesty, DACA, Dreamers, all of those things, the  Border Patrol made clear, people flood in illegally.   Let's do the right thing. Let's vote ``no'' on this and work  something out when the border is secure.   