 Mr. Chair, ridiculous, ludicrous, absurd, all of this,  right?   Well, I guess the Constitution is absurd because the Founders of the  Constitution took pains to build not one but two Emoluments Clauses  right into the text of the Constitution.   Article I, section 9, clause 8 says that no one who comes to work in  this room, nor the President of the United States, can collect any  present emolument--which means any payment--office or title of any kind  whatever--the most absolute, categorical language you will find in the  Constitution--of any kind whatever from a foreign prince, king, or  government, without the consent of Congress.   That is number one.   Then, number two, in the domestic Emoluments Clause, the Founders  wrote in that the President was limited to his salary, which could be  neither increased nor decreased by this.   My friend is waving the newspaper, and I can't wait to get to refute  his point. He is going to have to read a little more deeply into  judicial opinions if he is going to cite them on the floor of the House  of Representatives, because this decision was simply that Maryland and  the District of Columbia, whose attorneys general came forward to say  that the President's receipt of emoluments at the Trump Hotel was  damaging local business, did not have standing; and the court said it  is up to Congress to decide this because they didn't have standing, as  States, to hear it.    It was not on the merits of the case, if you go back and look. It was  about whether they had standing to bring it.   We have got the standing because the Constitution of the United  States says  [[Page H5634]]  that we are the ones whose consent is required before the President can  decide to get rich in office.   The Founders wrote a Constitution where the President and everybody  in this room is supposed to be 100 percent loyal and faithful to the  people of the United States of America, not to foreign governments.    This President spent 270 days at Trump-owned properties.   Think about that for a second. What if Barack Obama had not only  taken the press corps and the government with him to Martha's Vineyard,  but made everybody stay at the Obama Hotel and he directed the  government to spend taxpayer moneys at the Obama Hotel in Martha's  Vineyard?   There would be a revolution over on that side of the aisle.   That is what is happening right here. Every time that President Trump  goes to Mar-a-Lago, they are spending $60,000, estimated by the GAO,  every weekend that they take government resources down there. And we  pay it.   It is wrong, and it is against the Constitution.   Mr. Chair, I am totally in favor of this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that will save  the American taxpayers millions of dollars, restore the appropriate  focus of the July Fourth holiday as a universal, nonpartisan  celebration of our Nation's independence, and ensure that taxpayer  money is spent for public, nonpartisan purposes, not private, personal,  and partisan ones.   This amendment will ban military parades and shows organized at the  personal request of the President that serve no other governmental or  military purpose.   What happened this last Fourth of July was a shameful, extravagant,  and profligate display of quasi-monarchical pageantry which delighted  the President and the political guests that he brought in on special  tickets, but no one else.   This year's July Fourth celebration, at the President's insistence,  featured seven flyovers of 24 different military aircraft, including B- 2s, F-22s, F-35s, displays of ceremonial units, mobilization of tanks  and other military equipment, all on the National Mall, an  unprecedented Presidential speech in front of the Lincoln Memorial on  the Fourth of July, and hundreds of thousands of dollars of fireworks  that generated so much smoke that the fireworks could barely be seen by  the people sitting on the Mall.   And all of that was inspired by the President's observation of a  similar military display when he was in Paris for Bastille Day.   And guess who pays the price for all this? The taxpayers do. That is  right. The National Park Service was forced to divert $2.5 million in  park fees to help cover the costs for this event.   The Washington Post estimated that the combined hourly rate of the  seven flyovers of military aircraft, the B-2 Stealth Bomber, the F-22  Raptors, and the F-35 Lightnings, would have cost at least $560,000 per  hour. $560,000 per hour.   The Defense Department said this week that it used money from the  military services' training budgets to pay for these demonstrations  ordered by the President's whim, and spent additional funds to  transport the military equipment, which shut down traffic in Washington  D.C. for most of the day.   Just yesterday, we learned the District of Columbia spent $1.7  million, an amount that, combined with police expenses for the  demonstrations through the weekend, has wiped out funding intended to  protect the Nation's Capital.   And now the President is saying he wants to do it all over again next  year on the Fourth of July, and into the foreseeable future. We  obviously cannot allow that to happen.   This amendment will save all of our money. It will depoliticize the  Fourth of July, and call us back to its original, honorable purposes  and the way we have always celebrated; and it will send a message to  the executive branch that the Federal Government serves the people, not  one person.   We have no kings here. We have no queens. We have no monarchs. We  have no royal pageantry.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the hardworking men and women of the Armed  Services certainly don't need a bunch of ceremonial pageantry paid for  by the taxpayers simply because the President decides, upon a  monarchical whim, that he wants to see one outside in front of the  Lincoln Memorial.   The gentleman from Colorado says that this is too broadly written. On  the contrary, it is very specifically written. It would still permit  ceremonial displays of units that have been traditionally used at  ceremonies and events, such as the Presidential Salute Battery, the Old  Guard, the Fife and Drum Corps, Blue Angels, Thunderbirds, and so on.   What it will not permit is the President himself calling up for a  private or public exercise outside of authorized military operations or  activities, these kinds of exhibitions or parades.   So if it is traditional, if it is something that the Army and the  Navy have always done, if they think that there is a legitimate  governmental function for it, yeah.   But the President cannot simply snap his fingers and say I want to  have some kind of display of all the military weaponry because that is  what I saw when I was on the Champs Elysees, and I saw them on Bastille  Day marching down the street.   We know, and he has admitted publicly, that this was the genesis of  the whole thing. He saw that, and he wanted that in America.   Well, guess what? That is not how we celebrate the Fourth of July in  America; and we certainly don't do it with Defense Department dollars,  and we certainly don't do it with taxpayer dollars.   If the President is so generous that he gives his salary back, even  though he is collecting millions of dollars from all of the government  expenditures down at the Trump Hotel and the Trump golf courses, and  all of the foreign governments that are spending money over at the  Trump Hotel--if he is so generous, then why doesn't he pay for it  himself?   The taxpayers should not have to pay for such a ludicrous display of  the President's own vanity.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Beyer).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   