 Madam President, reserving the right to object.   I thank the Democratic leader for his concerns about the defeat of  ISIS. If there is one thing I hope we can all agree on, it is that  Turkey is not our ally or friend right now. Turkey's invasion of Syria  is benefiting ISIS, Iran, and Russia, and hurting our great ally,  Israel.   The United States must stand up for our partners, the Kurds, who  helped us fight ISIS. I am hopeful the ceasefire will last, keeping  American soldiers and our partners, the Kurds, safe. Nobody wants our  men and women in uniform involved in unnecessary, extended military  conflicts.   Bringing our troops home is a goal we all share. In order to achieve  that goal, we need to have a fuller understanding of the crisis in  Syria and what got us there--with the hope our troops can finally come  home.   I also agree that the President should always be clear with Congress  on where all U.S. troops are located and the purpose of their  deployment. Unfortunately, my colleague's proposal would produce a  report that only tells a small part of the story.   In the name of transparency and a fuller understanding of how we got  here, I am proposing a modification to my colleague's bill to require a  report that includes information on President Obama's plan for Syria.   We didn't get here overnight. The Democratic leader knows that. He  said himself it took us 5 years to get here. So I think we all would  like to see what the strategy--or lack of strategy--was from the last  administration that put us in this position today. Let's get all the  facts on the table so lawmakers in Congress and Americans all across  the country can have all the information we need to keep Americans and  our allies safe.   Reserving the right to object, therefore, I ask that the Democratic  leader modify his request to include my amendment, which is at the  desk. I further ask that the amendment be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.  I am disappointed in yet another political stunt from the Democratic  leader. It is clear this is nothing but a political attack on the  President.   President Trump's goal is to bring American troops home and keep our  partners, the Kurds, safe and our ally, Israel, secure. The Democratic  leader is requesting information from President Trump but refuses to  join me in asking for information about the sequence of events and the  strategy under President Obama that led us to this point.   This is sad, but it is not surprising. It is just another charade in  a long list of political games. Americans deserve a safe Israel and a  safe Syria, so I stand today to object.   