 Madam Speaker, I thought it was appropriate, FOX News  had this headline: ``Farewell to Representative Walter Jones--a man who  lived his life putting people above politics.''   Another headline from W. James Antle: ``Walter Jones and the Road Not  Taken.''   Another from CBN News, Crystal Woodall: ``A Man of Faith, Honesty and  Integrity.''   He was all of those. He, I guess, manifested a bit of what Robert  Frost talked about when he said:       I shall be telling this with a sigh      Somewhere ages and ages hence:      Two roads diverged in a wood, and I--      I took the one less traveled by,      And that has made all the difference.    That was Walter Jones.   He was not going to take the easy way. He was going to--and did--have  great integrity, great conscience, and fulfilled his commitment to the  people in his district in North Carolina.   Those attributes, he would say, go back to his Christian commitment.  He said on one occasion, There are some documents you can't rewrite,  and truthfully, one of them is the Bible.   He said, For over 15 years, I have led the charge to return freedom  of speech to our churches and houses of worship. During that time, I  have spoken with countless legal experts, and we believe the clearest  avenue to rectifying those First Amendment rights is a full repeal of  the Johnson amendment.   He also said, America was built on Judeo-Christian values, and these  values should be protected. During my years in Congress, I have been a  steadfast supporter of traditional marriage, the unborn, and the free  exercise of religion.   Some people think that Christians must hate everybody that disagrees  with them. And I think Walter Jones was a living example of what a  Christian should be.   With that conscience, with love, even for those who hate, Walter had  that love. And I saw that that last day that   Thomas Massie and I were  with him.   God blessed America with Walter Jones.   God blessed this body with Walter Jones.   And God blessed me for having a friend like Walter.   We miss you, Walter.   