 Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to join me  in voting to affirm a longstanding, bipartisan, and fundamental  principle of American foreign policy. I believe we should pass this  resolution today because it states facts which have been true for  decades and which are true today.   A two-state solution represents the only path to a just and lasting  peace in the Middle East, and it is the only way to safeguard Israel as  a secure Jewish and democratic state while also upholding the rights  and the legitimate aspirations of the Palestinian people.   We will never compromise on Israel's security, and we will not turn  our backs on the Palestinian people's desire for dignity and justice.   Some ask why Congress should speak out now or in this way. To them, I  say this: When peace appears most remote, our voices become more  critical, not less. The ongoing conflict can only inflict more  suffering on innocent people on both sides.   We cannot let the possibility of a just peace slip away, and we  cannot accept any action that undermines a two-state solution.   We must speak out against policies that could put peace out of reach:  unilateral annexation, unilateral pushes for statehood, violence, or  settlement expansion.   Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank many of my colleagues who have worked  tirelessly to bring this legislation to the floor, including  Congresswoman Bass and Congressman Connolly, Congressman Price and  Congresswoman Schakowsky, Chairman Engel, Congressman Pocan and  Congresswoman Lee, Congressman Deutch and Congressman Gottheimer, the  192 cosponsors who supported this important effort, and Leader Hoyer  and Speaker Pelosi.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank another one of my colleagues,  Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib. We spoke yesterday, and although she is  not a supporter of H. Res. 326, I left our meeting feeling optimistic.   If a Jewish American from Queens and a Palestinian American from  Detroit, both proud Americans, can find common ground about the need  for all people, regardless of whether they are Californians or  Michiganians, regardless of whether they are Jewish or Muslim, Israeli  or Palestinian, if we can find common ground to live in peace and  security with the same rights to self-determination and dignity, that  fills me with hope.    Mr. Speaker, that fills me with hope.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution affirms the principles that have guided  our foreign policy under Democratic and Republican administrations. We  know that a two-state solution is the only path to a just peace.   Mr. Speaker, this is not a partisan bill. I urge my Republican  colleagues to join me in voting to pass H. Res. 326.   