 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Chabot for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, my bill, H.R. 2345, the Clarifying the Small Business  Runway Extension Act, is a bill that does exactly what it says: makes  clear the intent of the Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018.  The Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018 was simple,  straightforward, and unambiguous. It simply extended the Small Business  Administration's receipts-based size calculation from a 3-year average  to 5 years. Recognizing the significance of this bill for small  businesses, the Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018 easily  passed through both the House and Senate and became law on December 17,  2018.  [[Page H5812]]    Within 4 days of the law's passage, the SBA stalled its  implementation, issuing an information notice that effectively  contradicted the Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018 by  maintaining the 3-year calculation until the agency could go through  the rulemaking process. Coincidentally, or perhaps because of the  pressure exerted by Congress and the public, the SBA issued its  proposed rule for the Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018 mere  days before Chairman Golden and I held a hearing in the Subcommittee on  Contracting and Infrastructure to hold the SBA accountable for its  delay. Unfortunately, the proposed rule still maintains the current 3- year standard in SBA regulations.   During this hearing, we highlighted how this conflict in law versus  SBA regulation imposes significant, real-world challenges for small  businesses that may be teetering on the edge between small and other- than-small business status. The need for clarity was a constant and  recurring theme, and this bill provides that clarity.    First, H.R. 2345 makes clear that the Small Business Runway Extension  Act of 2018 does, in fact, apply to the SBA and, therefore, should have  become effective on the date it was signed into law. Thus, businesses  relying on the 5-year average to remain in their small business status  were correct in their assessment and may continue to hold this status.   Second, the bill requires the Small Business Administration to  develop a transition plan for small businesses and Federal agencies as  they shift to the 5-year rule. The transition plan shall include a  buffer period in which firms that benefit from the old 3-year  calculation may continue to rely on that formula for a set amount of  time as they prepare for the eventual shift to the 5-year average  calculation.   In short, H.R. 2345 restates the intent of Congress as written in the  Small Business Runway Extension Act of 2018 and adopts solutions that  will create a smooth transition for all parties involved. This will  allow more businesses to retain access to SBA benefits, including loans  and contracts, that have allowed our small businesses to grow, thrive,  and greatly contribute to our economy.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Golden for his leadership on this act.  It was and is a privilege to work with him on the Small Business  Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2345, the  Clarifying the Small Business Runway Extension Act.   