 Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor to pay my  respects and to pay tribute to a fellow Iowan. This fellow Iowan served  for 6 years right here in the U.S. Senate. In fact, the Iowan who  brings me to the floor today is my predecessor, the Honorable John C.  Culver.   I was sorry to learn that Senator Culver passed away the day after  Christmas. I have no doubt that his spirit of public service and his  commitment to civic engagement will carry on for generations to come. I  will come back to this legacy in just a moment.   John and I had our differences, as he was a Democrat and I a  Republican, but we shared a commitment to public service and to working  to advance the interests of the people of the great State of Iowa. We  both had the privilege of serving Iowans in both Houses of Congress.  For a decade, John represented Iowa's Second District in the House of  Representatives, from 1965 to 1975. I represented Iowa's Third District  from 1975 to 1980. Then we both had the opportunity to represent the  State of Iowa here in the U.S. Senate.   John made the decision to pursue a life of public service early in  his life. After graduating from Franklin High School in Cedar Rapids,  Senator Culver headed east to Boston, MA. He earned his undergraduate  degree in American Government from Harvard University. He also played  fullback for the Crimson football team. He was brawny and had a big  build. In fact, he was even drafted to the NFL, but John punted a  career on the gridiron and answered the call to a different vocation,  and that was to public service.    First, he served for 3 years in the U.S. Marine Corps. Then, after  earning his law degree from Harvard Law School, he returned home to  Iowa and ran for public office.   When Senator Culver was serving in the U.S. House of Representatives,  I was serving in the Iowa statehouse. Although we shared a passion for  public service, we didn't share the same space on the political  spectrum, but our constituents expected their elected officeholders to  bring Iowa integrity to that job.   In politics, family is often a uniting factor. Senator Culver's son,  Chet, served as the Governor of Iowa from 2007 to 2011. In fact, the  last time I saw  [[Page S31]]  John was at Governor Culver's inaugural ball. I had the chance to tell  Senator Culver, ``I know how proud you are of your son.'' That is a  feeling I know well, as my grandson is serving his seventh term in the  Iowa House and serves as chairman of the Appropriations Committee--a  committee I once chaired.   Senator Culver and I then knew the importance of family and were  fortunate to have family who value public service.   When Senator Culver won election to the U.S. Senate in 1974, he won  the seat left open with the retirement of another towering political  figure in Iowa--the man from Ida Grove. That is also the title of a  book about former Iowa Governor and U.S. Senator Harold Hughes.   Here in the Senate, he served with his longtime friend and liberal  lion, Senator Ted Kennedy. Senator Culver served on the following  committees: Armed Services, Judiciary, Environment and Public Works,  and Small Business.   That brings me to another similarity Senator Culver and I share from  our respective service in this institution--our assignments on the  Senate Judiciary Committee and our interest in helping at-risk  juveniles avoid a life of crime.   Senator Culver chaired the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee to  Investigate Juvenile Delinquency. He convened oversight hearings to  examine the 1974 Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, now  widely known as the JJDPA.   At a hearing in 1977, Senator Culver pointed out that in our State of  Iowa, 8,400 juveniles were processed through the courts in 1965. Then,  by 1974, at the time of these hearings and the passage of this  legislation, the number had increased to 20,200--highlighting the need  for reforms like those in the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency  Prevention Act.   John's leadership on the subcommittee helped make sure that this  sweeping, new law, passed just 3 years before, worked to help keep  young people on the right track and away from a life of crime. His  focus on helping youth lead productive lives became a mission that he  pursued long after he left the U.S. Senate.   Four decades later, the JJDPA is as necessary as ever. Again, going  back to statistics from Iowa, in 2015--50 years after the figure I gave  you of about 8,000--Iowa had 14,837 violations of law by a minor that  were adjudicated in our State.   That same year, I held a congressional hearing to raise awareness  about the need to reform and renew that law so it works effectively to  help at-risk youth in the 21st century. The JJDPA had not been updated  or reauthorized since 2002. As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I  was pleased to champion a successful bipartisan, bicameral effort to  update and reauthorize that act. The updates emphasize substance abuse  and mental health services. These efforts helped at-risk young people  obtain an education and, of course, accept more responsibility because  it had stronger accountability measures to protect taxpayers and to  better serve youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice  system.   Another part of Senator Culver's work was his work on the Commission  that bore his name, the Culver Commission. He deserves great  recognition for this. I am told the audit was the first of its kind to  review the Senate's legislative and administrative operations. Senator  Culver said the Senate needed ``a careful and probing study of the  whole central nervous system of the Senate and its institutional well- being.'' As the newly chosen Senate President pro tempore and as  officer of the Congressional Accountability Act, I also want this  institution to run as efficiently and effectively as possible for the  American people.   In 1980, Senator Culver and I faced off in an election for the U.S.  Senate. He was a very formidable opponent and ran a very solid  campaign. Ultimately, I won that election. While I am sure that wasn't  the outcome Senator Culver wanted, John was very gracious. I will never  forget his grace and good wishes after that 1980 election.   After his departure from the Senate, Senator Culver continued an  extraordinary career, practicing law until 2009. He was a gifted  athlete and a gifted public speaker. He became an author, a guest  lecturer, and a visiting professor, carving an extra-wide path with  extra-broad shoulders to inspire generations of young Americans to  engage in civic life, in service, and in politics. His list of  achievements and awards reflect a tireless devotion to public service  and to country.   Since 1975, he served on the Senior Advisory Committee of the  Institute of Politics at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of  Government.   In 2013, he became chair emeritus. In 2012, Harvard's John F. Kennedy  School of Government created the John C. Culver Scholarship. In 2008,  Senator Culver was presented with the Norman E. Borlaug Lifetime  Achievement Award for Public Service. In 2010, he was presented with  the Congressional Joint Leadership Foundation's Leadership Award for  his work encouraging young Americans.   He received six honorary degrees. In 2010, Simpson College in  Indianola, IA, partnered with Senator Culver to launch the John C.  Culver Public Policy Center. The nonpartisan policy institute is  designed to educate and to inspire participation in our democracy. It  seeks to encourage young people to consider public service as their  life's work.   John's life reminds all of us that a life spent in the service of  others is a life well-lived. John's tireless efforts to serve his  country and the people of Iowa will be long remembered and serve as an  example to all who honor his memory.   Barbara and I extend our deepest condolences to the entire Culver  family. May God bless them in their time of bereavement, and may God  bless Senator Culver.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   