 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Chairwoman Waters for her work on  this bill. I am delighted the House is considering this important bill,  H.R. 758, which I have had the pleasure to work on over the past year  with my good friend from Illinois, Congressman Foster.   As a former community banker, I have dealt with the conflict of  wanting to help law enforcement agencies when receiving a keep open  letter, but not being able to because of the need to comply with the  requirements set forth by a regulator, frequently and often in the  middle of a bank exam.   Today, the overall purpose of this bill is to support law enforcement  and reduce money laundering and terrorist financing through our banking  system. That is why, along with my friend Mr. Foster, I was pleased to  introduce this, as the chairwoman said, narrow, commonsense bill, which  enables partnerships without repercussions between law enforcement and  our local financial institutions.   This legislation allows law enforcement to monitor cash flows  associated with criminal investigations at financial institutions.  Under the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regulations, banks  face strict rules for managing accounts so that they cannot facilitate  money laundering, terrorism financing, drug running, and other illegal  activities.   Sometimes, banks receive notices from law enforcement agencies known  as keep open letters to encourage them to keep an account open so that  law enforcement can monitor what they think to be and suspect to be  criminal activity and track the payments for better monitoring.   I have heard recently from banks that they are seeing an increase in  the number of keep open letters, many of which can be attributable to  new human trafficking investigations. Allowing banks to keep these  accounts open will help stop these terrible criminal actions.   Currently, if banks help law enforcement and comply with the keep  open letter request, they face the risk of being penalized by someone  from the same regulatory agency. This commonsense bill supports those  efforts by law enforcement by allowing financial institutions to comply  with such requests to maintain a suspicious account without being  penalized in the middle of a bank exam. Under this bill, no Federal  department or agency may take an adverse supervisory action with  respect to the financial institution that is keeping the account open.   As the chairwoman said, last Congress, this legislation unanimously  passed out of our House Financial Services Committee and passed under  the suspension of the rules. The legislation was also included as a  provision last Congress in the JOBS 3.0 package.   Chairman Waters and former Chairman Hensarling made fighting illicit  finance a priority for our committee. Given the strong bipartisanship,  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  measure. It will give law enforcement the tools it needs to prosecute  bad actors who are exploiting our financial system.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this  side of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just simply urge, with the work done  by Mr. Foster and myself, and with thanks to  [[Page H2625]]  the Chair, that we have strong bipartisan support in favor of H.R. 758,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   