 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  Larry Weinberg, who was beloved by many Oregonians, one of the original  owners of our wonderful basketball team, the Portland Trail Blazers-- the owner who won eternal gratitude from the people of my State as he  guided our Trail Blazers to their first title. He passed away last week  at the age of 92. He was a soft-spoken man who was never one to drone  on, so in that spirit, I am going to keep these remarks brief.   The first thing we want everybody to know about Larry is that he was  a wonderful family man. I met him for the first time in the early  1980s. I was a young Member of the other body, the House of  Representatives, and Larry could have made our first conversation about  politics. We were very interested, for example, in ways to promote a  strong U.S.-Israel relationship. There were plenty of things we could  have talked about with respect to politics, but he made the  conversation about basketball, which was one of the great loves of his  life, and I think people know around here that my great hope was to  play in the NBA. Larry knew that.   Because Larry was a family man, that first conversation we had was  about family, and he had an enormous family. If you look at the family  photo on the holiday cards that Larry and his wife Barbi sent each  year, you would think about half of the 320 million people in our  country were actually Weinbergs. The cards were wonderful, and they  just seemed to go on and on and on.   During that first conversation, Larry asked me about my family. I  told him about my great-uncle Max, who was one of last Jews to be  murdered in Auschwitz. I told him about my parents, who fled Nazi  Germany as refugees and settled in America before they pitched in to  the war effort during World War II.   That was one of the first bonds I had with Larry Weinberg, and I  think that was true of many of his friends. We had family who were  veterans themselves, loved ones who had wanted to make sure the United  States prevailed in World War II, and that was Larry. He served in  Europe during the war and sustained serious injuries in France.  Throughout his life, he carried that dedication to service that was so  characteristic of so many of his generation.   Larry Weinberg applied the lessons of the war to his leadership of  the American Jewish community. He worked to promote understanding  between religious groups while demonstrating a firm commitment to the  Jewish tradition of tikkun olam--improving the world. That is something  Jews feel very strongly about. Whether it is healthcare or foreign  relations, whatever, we want to be part of making the world a better  place, perfecting the world. That is what tikkun olam means.   Larry and Barbi Weinberg supported the development of concrete  scholarship on issues that face not only Israel but the entire Middle  East, understanding that the difficulties affecting one's neighbors are  really part of a shared burden, demanding a shared solution.   Portlanders like myself know Larry for another reason. If you are a  Portlander of my age and an ardent Blazer fan, you cheered on Bill  Walton's Trail Blazers because they won a championship for Rip City in  1977. If you are a young basketball fan in Portland today, you probably  root for Dame--that is Mr. Lillard--or C.J.--that is C.J. McCollum. All  of us in Portland and in Oregon owe Larry Weinberg a debt of gratitude  because he brought the NBA to our State, and had he not done that, all  of us who root for the Trail Blazers today wouldn't be able to turn out  and see Dame and C.J. and all of our wonderful players who are really  community leaders.   I remember back then seeing Larry and his wife Barbi cheering at our  home games, and they were always wearing our colors. I particularly saw  that bright-red blazer. Whether it was back in the seventies at the  Memorial Coliseum or even in their later years at Moda Center, when you  looked at Barbi and Larry Weinberg, you got a sense of what it meant  not just to be a fan, but the Weinbergs really looked at our town and  those Trail Blazers as part of their extended family.   With respect to sports and the intersection of sports and how sports  fit into the world, I want to relate something that happened in the  late 1980s when Larry approached me with a particular request,  something he wanted me to do.   I was traveling to the Soviet Union with a group of Jewish community  leaders from Portland. At that time, the Trail Blazers were very  interested in bringing a wonderfully talented center, Arvydas Sabonis,  to Portland. There was a discussion. It was a period when the United  States and the Soviet Union were still talking about the relationship  being so ambiguous. Reagan and Gorbachev were trying to sort it out.  Larry asked me to present a letter to the Soviet Sports Federation  about Arvydas Sabonis. He had actually been drafted a few years before,  and the idea was that the Trail Blazers hoped to bring Mr. Sabonis from  the Soviet Union to the United States to play for the Trail Blazers in  the NBA.   Now, as I mentioned, relations between the United States and the  Soviet Union were still somewhat ambiguous, but they were improving. A  lot of people believed that a Soviet-born player coming to play  professional basketball in my hometown in Portland would help that  along. So on this trip to the Soviet Union, Larry asked me to meet with  the Soviet Sports Federation. I was to, in effect, hand over a letter  to the Soviet Sports Federation, making it clear--and this was a  courtesy letter--that if Mr. Sabonis were permitted to come to Oregon  to play basketball for the Trail Blazers--the letter indicated--Mr.  Sabonis would be well treated. He would have comfortable  accommodations, good training facilities, and there would be people to  advise him on nutrition and get him acclimated to our country.   Well, when I walked into this meeting in Moscow, I really felt like I  was starring in Rocky IV. There I was--a young Congressman from the  United States, a former basketball player myself--trying to make the  case on behalf of my hometown and the Portland Trail Blazers to these  men, all of whom were at least 20 or 30 years older than me. I was  trying to make the case that if the Soviet Sports Federation were  willing to allow Mr. Sabonis to come, he would be well treated.   What I got from these stern looking Soviet Sports Federation  officials were essentially monosyllabic answers, much like you heard in  the Rocky movies--maybe somebody would say ``nyet.'' I didn't know  everything about the language of my host, but I got the sense that  wasn't a good thing when they said that. I could get the sense about  their skepticism as if they believed that this young American  Congressman in front of them was pulling some sly trick of geopolitical  strategy as we tried to bring Arvydas Sabonis to Portland.   I tried to make the point to these Soviet leaders that we were not  exactly talking about arms control. We were talking about playing  basketball, and we were talking about building bridges.   That, if anything, is what Larry Weinberg's life was all about. He  was about building bridges in sports. He did it in terms of housing,  when he was trying to create housing opportunities for people of modest  means, when he was creating opportunities for people to learn from each  other. There he was with this young Congressman, just wanting to offer  a guarantee that Mr. Sabonis, the best Soviet player of his time, would  be well cared for. It took a few more years. Eventually he made it to  Portland, where Larry and Trail Blazer fans got to watch him play and  play well.   I cannot find the picture, but back then there was a picture that  ensured that Oregonians across the State were  [[Page S133]]  laughing at their breakfast tables. One day it came out that Mr.  Sabonis and I were strolling along the waterfront in Portland. I am 6  feet 4 inches--not as tall as Senator Cotton, but 6 feet 4 inches--and  I was standing next to Mr. Sabonis, who was as tall as a typical  building. I mean, we thought he might have been 7 feet 5 inches, which  was much taller than was listed.   It was a wonderful experience for me, and it was a chance to see what  Larry Weinberg was all about. He always told me: It is a chance for you  to learn a little bit more about the world, Ron, a chance for you to go  to the Soviet Union--it was the Soviet Union at that time--and see the  connection between reforms and what Ronald Reagan and Gorbachev were  trying to do and the role of sports in terms of bringing people  together.   I was so honored that Larry Weinberg would give me a window into that  kind of opportunity and allow me, in a really small way, as a young  Congressman to be part of what his life was always about, which is  building bridges.   So I am going to close this way. I think some of my colleagues are  going to speak about Larry as well. When the Jewish people really want  to compliment somebody and say somebody is really special and has  exceptional character, what we say is that person is a mensch. What I  am here to tell the Senate today is my friend Larry Weinberg, whom we  lost just a few days ago, was really a super mensch, a true mensch, a  person of enormous integrity, decent at his core. I just want to say  that Larry and his wife Barbi were the essence of Rip City pride. He  was a soft spoken guy, but he was Portland's loudest fan.   Tonight, I want to say to his family and friends--all, seemingly, 100  million of them--that we are always going to remember Larry Weinberg  with great fun and appreciation for his enormous contributions to our  city and for all that he did during his lifetime to be in that bridge  building business, for working to perfect the world--tikkun olam--a  wonderful, wonderful man.   Our Larry Weinberg we Oregonians will always remember in our hearts.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   