 Madam Speaker, election security is especially significant  to Floridians. Two Florida counties were breached in the 2016 election  as a result of Russian spear phishing targeting county election  officials.   As Members of Congress, obviously, we are not here to relitigate 2016  but to work toward bipartisan solutions to defend the 2020 elections  from foreign intrusion.   I am disappointed that the majority is rushing this partisan proposal  to the floor this week and has bypassed Republicans who have shown  interest in working on election security. Just yesterday, the Science,  Space, and Technology Committee held a hearing on election  vulnerabilities and potential solutions. That hearing occurred after-- after--this proposal had been introduced and a day before it will  receive a vote on the House floor.   This proposal throws $1.3 billion at the problem without careful  consideration by the authorizing committees. This proposal also  excludes bipartisan solutions, like the one I am drafting with  Representative Stephanie Murphy from Florida.   Our proposal, the ALERTS Act, would require Federal agencies to  report to the Department of Homeland Security if an election intrusion  is identified and require DHS to notify State and local officials of  the breach, unless the information is deemed to compromise intelligence  sources.   Federal, State, and local officials have a duty to notify voters in  Florida and voters across the country impacted by election attacks, a  duty that was not upheld by the FBI in the wake of the 2016 elections  and a duty that the ALERTS Act, this bipartisan proposal, would  require.   At yesterday's Science, Space, and Technology Committee hearing, the  secretary of Oklahoma's State Election Board recommended a State and  local reporting requirement like the ALERTS Act.    So, testimony and a recommendation--both--were not considered by the  authors of this bill.   Madam Speaker, I request that my colleagues oppose this bill, and  immediately following this vote, I ask Democrats and Republicans to  come together to work toward a bipartisan election security package.   