 Mr. President, in the last vote today we established a new  precedent. The rules of the Senate are a combination of the rules of  the Senate, the standing orders of the Senate, and the precedents of  the Senate. Senator Lankford and I had hoped to do this with a  permanent standing order that basically would have put the Senate  exactly where the bipartisan vote was in 2013, which included my vote,  to have the same kind of rules that we are encouraging now. This  process is designed to speed up not only nominees for Republican  Presidents but also nominees for Presidents who are Democrats.   In the last 2 years, we have seen an extraordinary use of every tool  available to the minority. The Senate is designed to be a place where  the minority is heard. In fact, at one time, any Senator could stop  everything forever, and when Senators started doing that to excess,  that rule was changed. The protections of the minority often have to be  looked at again when the minority abuses those protections. That is  what has happened in this case.   Now we have 2 hours of debate on the nominee we are debating right  now. If we hadn't just taken the vote we took that overruled the Chair,  we would have 30 hours of debate. I guarantee that there will not be 2  hours of debate about this nominee. There may not be 2 minutes of  debate about this nominee if we see what we have seen happened in the  last 2 years.   The rules of the Senate currently say that if any Senator wants to  hold up consideration of a nominee, then, the Senator can insist that  we go through the process of invoking cloture. In the first 2 years of  the Obama administration, that process was used 12 times, and that was  more than had been the case in the past. In fact, the previous 3  Presidents had cloture invoked on their nominees a total of 12 times.  That is 24 times in 4 Presidencies. In the first 2 years of President  Trump's time in office, the majority leader had to come to the floor  128 times and say we are going to have to invoke cloture to have a  chance to vote on this nominee.   It is the first week of April. Eleven times this year already the  Senate has had to invoke cloture on a nominee for a government job--for  a judgeship or some other government job. While that debate time was  seldom used, occasionally, at the end of the week, we would say: Well,  OK, we will just go ahead and do the last one. Each time, we had to  assume that 30 hours would be used up for those people to be processed  and to have a chance to do the jobs that they were going to do.   The history of the Senate is exactly as the majority leader described  here earlier. In the first 200-plus years of the Senate, while the  Senate often used a delaying tactic to delay legislation and require  the Senate to think about it more, the Senate virtually never used the  rules of the Senate to slow down the process of putting people in the  Cabinet.   In fact, several Presidents--and Presidents in this century--had  their full Cabinet put in place within the first day or two of their  administration. That didn't happen with this President, and it is  obviously what brought us to where we are today.   Usually, in the first couple of years of a new administration, the  President not only gets his Cabinet approved right away, but the  President is also able to put people around those Cabinet officers who  want to move the government in the same direction that the voters just  said they wanted the country to go.   The term of an administration is only 4 years. At the end of 2 years,  if you are sending back 124 nominees who just simply didn't get voted  on--they got investigated, they got the background checks done, they  went through the committee, and the committee voted to send them to the  floor--that was always supposed to be part of the work of the  committee, and that happened for 124 people who never had a chance to  get voted on in the first 2 years of this administration, many of whom  had been waiting in line for a year.   Now, if you are appointed and have a short-term job in the Federal  Government and are willing to serve, the one thing that does for sure  is to put your life in some chaos--coming up with the material that the  Congress insists on, going through the background check, and getting  your financial records out. For most people, it also means putting the  way they make a living on hold.   I had somebody whom I nominated as one of three people for the  President to choose from to be the district judge in the Eastern  District of Missouri. I made that nomination roughly 24 months ago.  Twenty-two months ago, the President told the person he chose that he  was going to nominate that person. Last November, after a year and a  half of that person telling all his law clients, ``You know, I am about  to become a Federal judge; you may need to find another lawyer,'' and  after he closed his legal process, he hasn't been voted on yet. That  man was one of the people sent back from the White House. He had to be  sent back up this year and had to go through the Judiciary Committee  again. He had to get back in a line, where every single person took 30  hours of debate, after the 1 day that had to be debatable between the  time the leader brings you up and you come to the floor.   This sounds pretty complicated. That is because it is, and it is made  more complicated by the fact that people have used it as a delaying  tactic.   Now, as for the 128 people whom I mentioned--the 128 people whom the  majority leader had to file cloture on--compared to 12, let's be sure  we are comparing this the way this used to be,  [[Page S2221]]  even in recent years to now--128 compared to 12. When those 128 people  finally got votes, the support was substantial. When they finally got  votes, one-third of them got 70 votes or more. Thirteen percent got 90  votes or more. So you have 90 people voting for people that someone  insisted we needed 30 hours of debate for, and there wasn't a debate at  all.   Twenty district judges had cloture filed on them. Twelve of those  district judges had nobody vote against them after 30 hours on the  floor, where, in all likelihood, nobody had anything to say during  those 30 hours.   The average amount of time that we spent talking about nominees  during the 30 hours that has been insisted on is less than 1 hour. The  person who generated the most discussion, at least this year, was the  new Attorney General. That is a pretty important job. There should have  been quite a bit of discussion. In fact, it was our intention--the  intention of the standing order that Senator Lankford and I filed--and  it will continue to be the intention, that that person will still have  30 hours of debate if anybody thought that was necessary.   Supreme Court justices, Cabinet members, and circuit judges would all  have 30 hours of debate. But even with the Attorney General, less than  4 hours was used to talk about what everybody listening would believe  is one of the most important jobs possible.   For the 10 other nominees who have had cloture filed on them prior to  this week, almost no debate time was used. In fact, again, even in the  case of Attorney General William Barr, four-thirtieths of the time was  used. That means that twenty-six-thirtieths of the time wasn't used,  but we couldn't use it for anything else. We couldn't use it for  another nominee. We couldn't use it for a piece of legislation. We  couldn't use it to talk about how the government spends its money  basically to debate an appropriations bill that would be on the floor.  It just couldn't happen.   Last week, we confirmed Bridget Bade to be a judge of the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals. We used less than 1 minute of the 30 hours  that the minority insisted on--less than 1 minute of the 30 hours--but  nothing else could be done during those 30 hours.   Every Member of the Senate knows that the abuse of this process is  done to delay and to keep us from confirming not only other people who  need to be confirmed but to keep us from getting to the work we need to  get to. It prevents us from taking up other legislation. It prevents us  from doing our job.   It has to be discouraging when you talk to people in the future about  this: Would you be willing to serve as the Assistant Secretary of  Commerce for something? Would you be willing to serve as the Assistant  Deputy Secretary of Treasury for IRS? And, by the way, you really can't  start anything new, and you may never get voted on. When you do get  voted on, you may not actually be able to serve in that job for more  than a few months if you serve the rest of the term of this Presidency.   People will begin to say no, and we all know that.   Today we have 140 people who are waiting to be voted on for jobs they  have been nominated for. They are now out of committee. They have done  all the paperwork. They have cleared all of the days. They have done  everything they needed to do.   When President Reagan was President, the average number of days  between the time you were voted out of committee and the time you were  voted on on the floor was 5 days. By the time you had gotten out of  committee, you had already been weeks, if not months, into this  process. Five days later, you would get to know whether or not you were  going to get the job.   With President Trump, the average number of days between the time you  got out of committee and the time you got voted on was 55. That is 55  days when you are waiting to do the job that you have been willing to  do, have answered every question you have been asked, have gone through  all of the background checks you needed, and you are still waiting.   This system cannot work that way. We would never get everybody  confirmed that a President is required to nominate, which means we also  would never have time to get the other things done that the Senate  needs to do.   I think the step we took today was an important one. We will talk  about another category of people to be confirmed later today--district  judges. I believe we will be able to make that change as well. Again,  the Cabinet, the Supreme Court, and the circuit judges would all still  have 30 hours available to them.   Our friends on the other side may continue to insist on that, but if  they do, I guarantee that if you run a clock on this, in all likelihood  nobody will ever use the 30 hours to talk about the nominee. If we  didn't do it to talk about William Barr, we are not hardly going to do  it to talk about anybody else.   Debate is an important thing. Having the right people in the right  job is an important thing. It is also important to have them in the  right job at the right time. Today, I believe the Senate is taking  important steps to return back to the traditional role of the Senate in  confirming nominees and giving Presidents an opportunity to do the job  they were elected to do.   With that, I yield the floor.   