 Mr. President, I am pleased to join Democrat, Republican,  and Independent colleagues alike on the floor today. I understand there  is an overflow that is going to be back on the floor tomorrow to say  the truth and tell the truth about Johnny Isakson.   One of my friends likes to say: ``Flattery won't hurt you if you  don't inhale.'' Johnny, I know a lot of nice things have been said  about you today, and more tomorrow, and probably for the rest of the  year. So I would just say: Don't inhale too deeply, and you will be  just fine.   I just want to follow up on what several of our colleagues have said.  A number of them talked about how kind Johnny is. He is one of those  people who will say hello to the folks who are custodians, the people  who may run the elevators, the folks who are the security police here,  and he even says nice things to the pages. Can you imagine that? That  is true. He is about as kind as anybody you would ever want to meet,  and it is not just occasionally. It is like that all the time.   He is also smart. I haven't heard anybody say he is smart. They may  have. I may have missed it. I want to say, for the record, that he is  one smart fellow--as my mother used to say, smart as a whip. He grasps  complex issues, understands them, and is really good at explaining them  so that even people like me can usually understand them.   I first met Johnny when he was newly elected to the Senate, and we  had just established something called orientation. We didn't have  orientation for a number of years here. George Voinovich from Ohio,  Lamar Alexander from Tennessee, and Mark Pryor from Arkansas, and I put  together a 3-day deal. We called it orientation for new Senators and  spouses, and I remember that Johnny, I think, was in the first class  that came through.   I had been Governor of Delaware for 8 years. I got here in the  beginning of 2001. One of the Governors I served with was a Governor  from Georgia named Zell Miller. Zell Miller was elected and served two  4-year terms. I think he served two 4-year terms. One of the  [[Page S6816]]  people who ran against him was Johnny Isakson. When Senator-elect  Johnny Isakson came through orientation right after he had been  elected, I asked him if he knew Governor Zell Miller. I thought that  they had a connection, and, sure enough, they did because they had run  against each other in an earlier year.   There is a saying that some of you have heard. That saying is  something like this: Just because somebody is your opponent, doesn't  mean they have to be your enemy.   I don't think I have ever heard anybody say such nice things, kind  things, and generous things about their opponent in an earlier election  where he lost and Zell Miller won. That is proof that your opponent  does not have to be your enemy. For us around here, this day and age,  that is a lesson that we would do well to take to heart.   One of the other things I want to say is that I want to share a story  I was reminded of today by one of my staff members.   My office is in the Hart Building, and I have been in the same office  for, gosh, 19 years now. My staff doesn't want to leave. They want to  stay there. They like it. As to what makes them happy, you know the old  saying: Happy wife, happy life. Well, happy staff, happy life, too-- they want to stay in the office, and that is where we have stayed.   Once, a number of years ago, when Johnny was relatively new in the  Senate, he came to a meeting on the same floor, and he came to the  wrong Senate office. He came to my office by mistake. He meant to go to  the office next door where David Vitter was, a Senator from Louisiana.  His office was next door to ours. He came into the entrance--the foyer,  if you will--of our office and met a couple of young people at the  front desk there. He came in and said that he was there to see the  Senator. They were looking at their schedules, trying to figure out  what was going on. They didn't know quite what to tell him. He was  there to see the Senator, and we had a wonderful gal at the front desk  who was a little bit shy. He very kindly engaged her in a conversation  and asked her: Well, tell me about you.    She offered some things, and when she stopped, he would just very  gently pull out her story and make her feel special. There was another  fellow at a desk a short distance away in that foyer, that entrance to  our office. He was a young man named David, and he would say to Senator  Isakson, ``Senator''--and Johnny would interrupt him and keep talking  to this young gal on our staff. Johnny would say: I am not in a rush.  Take your time.   David just couldn't get in a word edgewise. This went on for several  minutes, and, finally, the young man interrupted, and he said to  Senator Isakson: Senator, I think you are in the wrong office. Who do  you think you are here to see?   He said: Well, David Vitter.   His office was next door to ours at the time.   He said: You are in Senator Tom Carper's office.   Johnny, without missing a beat, said: Well, I will just meet with  Tom.   And he picked up his stuff, and he walked into my office. I am sure  those young people hadn't seen anything quite like that.   We welcomed him warmly. He could walk into any office, and he would  be welcomed warmly, whether he had an appointment or not.   Recently, I served with Johnny on the Finance Committee. The fellow  standing behind him is Senator Portman. We served there together.  Senator Boozman, who is sitting down next to Johnny right now--he and I  serve on the Committee on Environment Public Works. In Environment and  Public Works, we had a witness not long ago who was here for a  confirmation hearing, a fellow named Rob Wallace. I know Senator  Boozman would remember him. He had been nominated to be a very senior  guy in the Department of Commerce. The job he was nominated for was to  be in charge of National Parks and in charge of Fish and Wildlife. It  was a big deal. In his testimony, he talked to us. He used to work for  Senator Malcolm Wallop from Wyoming. He had a distinguished career.  During his testimony, he said words I will never forget. He said:  Bipartisan solutions are lasting solutions.   Think about that.   He said: Bipartisan solutions are lasting solutions.   Johnny Isakson is as good at crafting bipartisan solutions as anybody  I have had the privilege of working with here. Again, he is a great  role model for us.   I want to close with just a few words on leadership. In my  experience, having been privileged to be in the Navy for many years--I  served in some wars and in peace and had the chance to be Governor and  Senator, Congressman, and treasurer of my State--I have seen a lot of  leaders. I have seen great leaders. I have seen some lousy leaders. I  expect that is true of all of us. I have probably learned more from the  not-so-good leaders as I have learned from the superb leaders. In my  experience, leaders are humble, not haughty. Leaders have the heart of  a servant. They realize that our job is to serve, not be served.  Leaders have the courage to stay out of step when everybody else is  marching to the wrong tune. Leaders build bridges, not walls. They  unite, not divide. Leaders surround themselves with the best team they  can find, and when the team does well, the leader gives the credit to  the team. When the team falls short, the leader takes the blame.  Leaders don't build themselves up by tearing others down. In fact, it  is just the opposite. Leaders are aspirational.   There is a French philosopher named Camus, I think--Albert Camus. He  would say: Leaders are purveyors of hope. They appeal to our better  angels. Leaders are interested in doing what is right, not what is  easy--not what is expedient, but what is right. Leaders embrace the  golden rule: Treat other people the way they want to be treated.  Leaders focus on excellence in everything they do. They essentially  say: If it isn't perfect, let's just make it better.   Finally, when the really great leaders know they are right, when they  are sure they are right, they don't give up. They just don't give up.  We need leadership here in this building as much as at any time I can  remember. We need leadership in this Capital City of ours, and we need  leadership in all kinds of roles across our country. I just want to say  about the leadership qualities I just described that you can find some  of them in all of us, but in Johnny Isakson, you find all of those  qualities.   There is a saying: ``I would rather see a sermon than hear one.'' In  Johnny Isakson, we see the sermon.   Johnny, again, my friend, God bless you, Dianne, your family, and we  will hold you close to our hearts. We will always be thankful for you,  Thanksgiving, year-round, forever. God bless you. Thank you.   