 Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Peter  Wright as Assistant Administrator for the Environmental Protection  Agency's Office of Land and Emergency Management.   This position is of enormous consequence to the people of New Jersey,  and I refuse to stay silent as the Trump administration stacks Federal  agencies charged with protecting our health and our environmental  safety with industry insiders and corporate hacks.   Mr. Wright is a former chemical industry lawyer. If confirmed, he  will be charged with overseeing the cleanup of the most toxic waste  sites in America through what is known as the Superfund Program.   New Jersey is home to more Superfund sites than any other State in  the Nation.  [[Page S4793]]    For many years, a lack of strong environmental protections and  oversight left our communities vulnerable to unsafe, unchecked,  unregulated pollution. I am talking about the days before we had an  Environmental Protection Agency, before we passed landmark  environmental laws, and before we had regulations to protect public  health. Back then, big polluters had a blank check to contaminate our  air, soil, and water with toxic chemicals. People across America were  exposed to pesticides, lead, asbestos, and other toxins through the air  they breathed, the rivers they fished, the soil they farmed, and the  land they built. It was unhealthy, it was unsustainable, and in many  cases, it was downright dangerous.   Indeed, it was 1980--the same year a chemical waste facility in  Elizabeth, NJ, burst into flames and forced an entire community to stay  indoors--that Congress passed a law creating the Superfund Program.  Today, Superfund is our primary tool for cleaning up the hazardous  waste across America. It requires polluters to pay to clean up the  sites they have contaminated, and it also funds the cleanup of orphan  sites for which the polluters responsible no longer exist.   The Superfund Program is a promise to our communities--a promise to  hold polluters accountable for the damage they have done; a promise to  rid our soil and water of toxic chemicals; a promise to transform toxic  brownfields into safe, livable, usable land; and a promise to protect  the health of today's families and of future generations.   That promise cannot be kept on its own. We the people must keep that  promise. The one way we can do so is by ensuring that leaders who  oversee the Superfund Program are willing to stand up to polluters,  listen to the best science, and hold big corporations accountable.  Nothing in Peter Wright's records suggest he will be that kind of  leader. He spent nearly two decades as a lawyer for Dow Chemical--one  of the primary polluters for many Superfund sites across the Nation.   For all the President's talk of draining the swamp, it is just that-- talk.   Mr. Wright could have been a force for good at Dow. He could have  stood up for science and raised standards. He could have pushed for  more efficient, thorough cleanups of toxic waste. Instead, he did just  the opposite.   Consider Dow's Midland site in Michigan, where more than a century of  producing things like Styrofoam, Agent Orange, and mustard gas left  rivers contaminated for more than 50 miles. As Dow's self-styled  ``Dioxin Lawyer,'' Mr. Wright points to the Midland site as one of his  greatest achievements. But a New York Times investigation from last  year tells us a different story. It found that under Mr. Wright's  watch, Dow was accused of ``submitting disputed data, misrepresenting  scientific evidence and delaying cleanup.''   These accusations were leveled by Federal regulators and  whistleblowers alike. One independent lab found Dow used incomplete  contamination data, leaving the risk of toxins going undetected. An  internal whistleblower revealed Dow intentionally designed its data so  that it couldn't be properly vetted by independent third parties.   In 2007, an EPA memo concluded that Dow had ``documented history of  impeding the efforts of the Michigan Department of Environmental  Quality'' at the Midland site. It wasn't only regulators that Mr.  Wright misled; the EPA also found that Dow ``frequently provided  information to the public that contradicts agency positions and  generally accepted scientific information.'' That included mailing out  a newsletter to local residents downplaying the risks of dioxin to  human health, which, according to the EPA, is highly toxic, can cause  cancer, reproductive and developmental problems, and damage the immune  system. The newsletter even included the false claim that dioxin- contaminated wild game was safe to eat. That is appalling.   Mr. Wright also participated in Dow's funding of a study claiming  that people living on dioxin-contaminated soil were not at risk for  personal exposure.   Simply put, Peter Wright made his mark at Dow Chemical by  misrepresenting science, downplaying threats to public health, and  undermining cleanups. These practices run counter to the very mission  of the EPA. Yet Wright's past indicates that, if confirmed, he will  continue to mislead communities, continue to delay cleanups, and  continue to sacrifice the health of our people for the bottom line of  corporate polluters.   Finally, as if it weren't enough to mislead the public, we now know  that Mr. Wright misled Congress when he lied to the Environment and  Public Works Committee about continuing to own stock in Dow after his  nomination.   When I hear that Mr. Wright proudly called himself the ``Dioxin  Lawyer,'' when I hear that he misled families about threats to their  health, and when I hear that he sought to distort scientific evidence  and get his company off the hook for their toxic legacy, I worry about  the damage he could do across the Nation, including in New Jersey.   New Jersey is home to 114 Superfund sites. That is more than  California--a State with 4\1/2\ times our population. That is more than  double the total sites in Texas--a State with 30 times our land mass.  Millions of people live within a few miles of these sites, in North  Jersey and South Jersey, in bustling cities and rural towns, in every  corner of our State. Among them is one of the largest Superfund  cleanups in the country. Like the site in Michigan, New Jersey's  Diamond Alkali Superfund site is contaminated with dioxin from the  making of Agent Orange. Like the site in Michigan, we have warnings  about dioxin-contaminated food, such as seafood from the Passaic River.   Like those in Michigan, the New Jerseyans who reside by the Passaic  are depending on the Superfund Program to clean up the river and limit  their exposure to toxic chemicals. These families and millions of  Americans nationwide are depending on the EPA to protect the water they  drink, the air they breathe, and the soil on which they farm and build.  They are depending on their government to put their health ahead of  corporate polluter profits. Today they are depending on us to reject  the nomination of Peter Wright.   The EPA has a simple mission: to protect human health and the  environment. The American people deserve an Assistant Administrator who  believes in that mission, not someone who has spent decades fighting  it. I urge my colleagues to vote no on Mr. Wright's nomination.   I yield the floor.   