 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today on the other side of this building,  the CEOs of the biggest Wall Street banks face tough questions about  the way their banks have scammed and broken laws and gotten away with  it, as every American knows. Our Banking Committee staff analyzed the  data, and it is pretty clear that these banks are breaking the laws  over and over and over.   Watchdogs will take enforcement actions against a bank only to find  out the same bank is breaking the rules in an entirely different way in  a different part of the bank at the same time. We need to hold these  banks and the corporate executives who run them accountable for their  actions, which we have simply not done. Trump regulators haven't done  it, and the Senate majority hasn't done it. We simply haven't done it.  Hard-working Americans face real consequences when they break the law,  and so should Wall Street banks.   The chair of the House Financial Services Committee, Maxine Waters,  is doing the right thing in the House calling in these CEOs. We need to  be doing the same thing in the Senate. I have called on my counterpart  on the Banking Committee, Chairman Crapo, to hold a hearing so we can  question big bank executives about their law-breaking.   There are plenty of actions the President and his administration  could take on their own to punish these banks when they break the  rules, but instead this administration and this majority leader do  exactly the opposite. Last year, Congress passed and President Trump  signed legislation rolling back laws protecting working families from  Wall Street greed. The big banks, of course, ask for weaker rules. They  have forgotten what happened. Well, they haven't forgotten, but they  hope the public has. Certainly, the Senate Republicans have forgotten  what happened 10 years ago to this country. So Congress passed and the  President signed legislation rolling back laws protecting working  families from Wall Street greed. As I said, the big banks wanted weaker  rules and they got them, even though that puts millions of families at  risk of losing their jobs and losing their homes again. President Trump  said: OK, let's do what the big banks want.   We know that the White House looks like a retreat half the time for  Wall Street executives, and we know the President of the United States  does the bidding of Wall Street over and over.   The year before weakening these rules, Congress passed and President  Trump signed a $1.5 trillion--that is 1,000 billion, $1.5 trillion--tax  cut for corporations, big banks, and the richest Americans. Since the  Republican tax bill passed, corporations have bought back $900 billion  of their own stock.  [[Page S2374]]    I was in the White House one day with a group of Senators, meeting  with the President of the United States, and he said that this tax bill  they were about to pass--that he hoped would pass--would mean that the  corporations would invest all these dollars into higher wages for  workers and new factories and growing the economy. Well, what happened  with a lot of this money was they used this money for stock buybacks.   Of the eight companies with the most stock buybacks--with billion  dollars of stock buybacks--half of them were Wall Street banks. We know  Wall Street can never get enough--never enough power, never enough  money. They always want more. One bank lobbyist said: We don't want a  seat at the table; we want the whole table.   And this Congress and this President think that is just fine.   The tax giveaways, letting banks haggle over their stress test  results, and taking away customers' rights to have their day in court  when the banks scam them, apparently, just wasn't enough for Wall  Street. Two days ago, the Fed announced that they are going to roll  back more rules on foreign megabanks. These are not just U.S. banks  with U.S. employees. These are foreign megabanks. We are talking about  banks that have broken U.S. law over and over and over. I am not going  to document all of those. But there are many, many cases of these  foreign megabanks breaking U.S. law--banks like Santander, which  illegally repossess servicemen's cars. So when men and women are  overseas protecting our country, Santander, a Spanish-owned bank doing  business in the United States, actually repossessed these  servicemembers' cars.   Deutsche Bank has laundered money. We know Deutsche Bank is about the  only big bank in the world that will finance the President because he  has a history and a habit of cheating banks and not paying back loans.  So because of the relationship that Deutsche Bank and President Trump  have, Deutsche Bank is doing just fine. We also know that Deutsche Bank  laundered money, breaking U.S. law. Not even counting the President's  insidious activities with them, Deutsche Bank broke U.S. law by  laundering money. But do you know what? The Fed gives them rollback  rules because we don't want to be too tough on the foreign megabanks.   Last year, when the President signed his big bank bill, I warned that  it would mean looser rules on those big, foreign banks. They all said:  No, that is not going to happen. Federal Reserve Chairman J. Powell  himself said it wouldn't happen; they are not going to weaken the rules  on the foreign banks. Well, either they were naive at the time--I think  J. Powell is an honest man. I guess I didn't know he was this naive.  But he and others would say: They are not going to weaken foreign bank  rules.   Well, now they have.   When the Fed made the announcement of its plan to go easy on foreign  banks, they said--I am not kidding; this is a quote: ``This proposal  should look familiar because it shares the same basic framework as the  domestic proposal.'' It is as if that is a good thing, as if they are  bragging that we are treating the foreign banks the same way as  domestic banks, but these foreign banks happen to break the law over  and over--Deutsche Bank, Santander, and other banks.   That is not even the only good news for megabanks this week. We got  word that the Fed and President Trump's appointees are going to let the  biggest Wall Street banks off the hook on another rule, but one that  requires something called living wills. Now, living wills doesn't sound  like much. It doesn't mean much to Members of this Senate and to the  general public, unless they are in the Banking Committee and they spend  a lot of time on this.   Living wills are blueprints from banks that are supposed to prove  they will not wreck the economy and cost taxpayers billions of dollars  if they go bankrupt. Now, pretty much the way it works is like this.  The Federal Reserve goes to these banks and they require these banks to  show what would happen if there were a significant downturn in the  economy like there was a decade-plus ago.   When the economy went south in 2007, 2008, and 2009, for these  banks--because they weren't strong enough, because they hadn't had  these stress tests, and because they hadn't gone through these rules  because it wasn't Federal law at the time--it wasn't clear that these  banks would be able to withstand that kind of plummeting of the economy  when demand shrinks and all the things that happen in a recession. They  weren't. So that is why government bailed them out. That is why the  lobbyists lined up in Leader McConnell's office--then, I guess, it was  Leader Fritz's office or Leader Lott's office--and got so much of what  they wanted from Senate Republicans in those days.   The whole point of these living wills is that banks can show, through  a series of complicated tests, that even if the economy goes bad, these  banks aren't going to tank, these banks aren't going to go out of  business, and these banks aren't going to need a Federal bailout. That  is the whole purpose--a big part of the purpose--of Dodd-Frank, the  Wall Street reform bill.   Again, these living wills are blueprints from banks that would prove  they will not wreck the economy and cost taxpayers billions if they go  bankrupt. Under the bill that passed a decade ago to fix this, they had  to go through a stress test every year. Well, this bill the President  signed said that, well, they will not have to go through it quite every  year. The debate was--I said I didn't think we should do it. My  Republican colleagues said: Well, it will probably be every other year.  Maybe that is not so bad.   I said: Well, probably it is. It ought to be every year.   Now the Federal Reserve has said it is just going to be once for  every Presidential 4-year term--once every 4 years. Nobody saw that  coming. I guess the banks saw it coming because the banks had a lot of  influence with them.   So the Wall Street reform law required them to file these plans every  year, and now they require them only every 4 years. It is said that if  those plans didn't look credible and if the banks failed their stress  tests--in other words, they weren't strong enough to withstand a  recession--then, the Federal Reserve and others would have the power to  go in and make these problem banks simpler and smaller. In other words,  if the banks couldn't withstand a bad economy and if these banks were  too fragile and caused too much damage to the economy if they didn't  pass the stress tests, these banks, then, could be broken up into  smaller units, making them stronger. But now financial watchdogs only  have to check into those plans just once a Presidential term, every 4  years. A lot can change and a lot can go wrong in 4 years. Just ask any  family or anyone how their income or rent or savings change. They may  not be the same month-to-month let alone every 4 years.    The people in this town, especially Republicans on the Senate Banking  Committee, have this collective amnesia. They may have forgotten what  the financial crisis and the housing crisis meant. The families who  lost their homes, lost their jobs, lost their retirement savings and  their college funds haven't forgotten. They haven't recovered from the  financial crisis. They haven't recovered from decades of bad trade  policy and bad tax policy that make it harder and harder for their work  to pay off.   I don't think Members of this body--there is a wonderful quote from  President Lincoln when he said to his staff: I need to go out and get  my public opinion back. I need to go out and listen to what people are  saying and look at how they are living and talk about their lives.   It is not something people around here do much of, especially when it  is people who might be vulnerable to losing their homes.   I live in Cleveland, OH, Connie and I. We live in ZIP Code 44105.  There were more foreclosures in my ZIP Code than in any ZIP Code in the  United States of America. You can still see the urban blight and the  residue in what is left--the remains of those foreclosures.   Think about what it means to a family personally. The first thing  they have to do is get rid of their pet. Their pet costs too much  money, no matter how close their son or daughter or they themselves may  be to their dog or cat.   Then they have to make all kinds of decisions: We are going to have  to  [[Page S2375]]  move. We are going to have to go to a new school district--all the  kinds of heartache when your life has been turned upside down because  you are foreclosed on.   I am not an alarmist or predicting anything in the next few months,  but if we keep going down this path, weakening Federal banking law,  doing the bidding of Wall Street, if the lobbyists continue to go in  and out of the office of Senator McConnell, the Republican leader's  office, and the bank lobbyists who go in and out of there and get their  way--if that happens and continues to happen, who knows what will  happen again in the next 2, 3, 5, 10 years.   The more we roll back these rules on Wall Street, the more we give  breaks to foreign megabanks, the greedier the big banks get, the more  risk they take on, and the higher the chance that one of their big  risks doesn't pay off.   Mr. President, you know who is paying the price when Wall Street bets  don't pay off. It is you, it is the workers, families, and taxpayers.  It is your money, the American people's money they are gambling with.  So instead of making it easier for Wall Street to make big bets and  break the law without reaping consequences, why don't we make it easier  for families to afford healthcare? Why don't we make it easier for  working parents to afford childcare? Why don't we make it easier for  workers to save for retirement? Why don't we make it easier for  students to pay for college? Why don't we honor the dignity of work and  make sure hard work pays off for everyone, whether you swipe a badge or  punch a clock or work for tips or work for a salary or whether you are  taking care of children or an aging parent? Why don't we make it easier  for them with a tax code and trade policy that works? Instead, all our  efforts and all of the administration's efforts--as I said, the White  House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives. So much of their  efforts are to make it easier for corporations and to make it easier  for the big banks.   It is time we listened a little more to the Americans we serve, a  little less to the biggest Wall Street banks that have gotten enough  handouts already.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   