 Madam Chair, I thank my colleague from Michigan for her  leadership and for guiding this debate on the floor today.   Madam Chair, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 3, the Elijah E.  Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act, named after a man who I have great  respect for, who was a mentor of mine, and who fought so hard to hold  Big Pharma accountable.   Today is a big day for the American people because we are finally  putting their health over the interests of Big Pharma's profits. I am  speaking in support of this legislation for the hundreds, if not  thousands, of constituents who have shared their stories with me  throughout this year. This issue is the single most important issue in  my district. I am speaking in support of people like my constituent  Mario.   About a year ago, Mario was diagnosed with diabetes and recently  sought care for a lesion on his foot that wouldn't heal. Because he  couldn't afford the proper medications, Mario ended up losing his toe  and had to leave his job. His daughter had to drop out of college to  work full time to help pay for Mario's medications.   This is an issue that not only impacts the lives of the patients who  are in desperate need of lifesaving medications to stay healthy, but it  is also impacting those who love and care for them. It is altering the  future of their families.   As Chairman Cummings would say: ``We are better than this.'' We are  better than this as a nation, to put the interests of Big Pharma and  their profits  [[Page H10134]]  over the interests of the American people and their health.   For far too long, American families have been forced to pay 4, 5, or  even 10 times more for their prescriptions than patients in other  countries.   Do my colleagues on the other side think that that is right, that  your constituents are subsidizing the healthcare for people across the  world when you have people in your own neighborhood who are rationing  their medications, making false choices to pay their rent, buy food, or  take the necessary medication as prescribed by their doctors? Well, I  don't. I don't think that that is a choice the American people should  have to make.   Today, we are taking the necessary action to move this legislation  forward, and I hope that my colleagues on the other side will work with  us and that the President will work with us.   What my constituents tell me is not that they are Democrats, not that  they are Republicans, not that they are Democrats, not that they are  independents. They tell me that they have diabetes, that they have  cancer, that they have heart disease, that they have asthma, that they  have HIV and AIDS, that they are dying, and that they need the  healthcare that they demand.   Madam Chair, I ask us to pass H.R. 3.   