 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today in strong support of my amendment to  protect the energy grid from cybersecurity threats.   In the 4 years since the Ukraine power grid attack, our enemies have  doubled down on their effort to target cybersecurity vulnerabilities in  our  [[Page H5892]]  Nation's energy infrastructure, especially within industrial control  systems. The 2015 Ukraine grid intrusion orchestrated by the Russians  was a turning point in industrial cybersecurity. For the first time,  hackers penetrated industrial controls of a power plant with the goal  of causing widespread disruption.   Both the security and economic consequences of a destructive attack  on our energy grid cannot be overstated. We can no longer wait to  address these threats. My amendment will ensure we continue to develop  the ability to both discover vulnerabilities and keep an eye on  emerging threats that could disrupt electricity generation or even cost  lives.   I want to thank our government partners, including the Cybersecurity  and Infrastructure Security Agency, CISA, the intelligence community,  the Department of Energy, and national labs. I look forward to working  with all these stakeholders to ensure that we are implementing grid  security measures in a responsible way consistent with existing law and  authorities. As a member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on  Appropriations, I fully intend to help leverage the authorization in  this amendment to supplement the already great effort underway at CISA  and other government agencies.   Also I want to thank the many talented computer scientists,  cybersecurity experts, and engineers from the private sector,  especially the team at Dragos, a cybersecurity firm focused on  industrial controls, located in my district in Hanover, Maryland, for  all the hard work they do in this space to not only defend against  threats but to educate others.   Our amendment is simple and mirrors language already passed by the  overwhelming bipartisan majority in the Senate's Intelligence  Authorization Act. Senator King from Maine has been a stalwart force on  this issue, and none of this would have happened without his  determination and vision on this issue.   The amendment sets up a 2-year pilot program to identify the classes  of security vulnerabilities in the grid. It establishes a working group  to evaluate the technology solutions proposed by the pilot program. The  working group would include government agencies, the energy industry,  and other experts.   Lastly, it requires the Department of Energy to submit a report to  the relevant congressional committees describing the results of the  program.   Finally, I want to thank Judge Carter from Texas who has led the  charge on this issue with me in the House since last Congress. Judge  Carter is a good friend, and I appreciate his help on this important  issue.   Madam Chair, this amendment will help the intelligence community and  the government at large better understand the vulnerabilities to  certain aspects of our energy grid.   Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Schiff), who is the distinguished chairman of the  Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.    Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Carter).   