 Mr. President, I come to the floor again with respect  to S. Res. 150, which I introduced with Senator Cruz, to recognize the  Armenian Genocide. I am glad that he is with me today in a call for  unanimous consent on this resolution. We are proud to report that we  have 28 sponsors on this important resolution.   Last month, the House of Representatives passed a version of this  resolution by a vote of 405-11--405-11. That sent a strong bipartisan  message of dedication to the truth--dedication to historical fact,  dedication to a principle held by so many in Congress--that genocide is  genocide.   As a country, we should do whatever we can to prevent future  genocides, but when it happens, we have an obligation as a country to  call it what it is. If not, we operate without the facts outside of  reality. We aren't being honest to ourselves and to the world. This  resolution gives us that reckoning and sets the record straight, a  record that so many administrations over the years have sought to  obscure. These administrations, Republican and Democrat, have dug their  heads into the sand, despite the words of U.S. diplomats who were there  at the time, who saw the genocide with their own eyes.   Let me just share a couple of examples. Henry Morgenthau, the U.S.  Ambassador to Turkey, from 1913 to 1916, wrote in his memoir that,  ``When the Turkish authorities gave the order for these deportations,  they were merely giving the death warrant to a whole race; they  understood this well, and in their conversations with me, they made no  particular attempt to conceal this fact. I am confident that the whole  history of the human race contains no such horrible episode as this.  The great massacres and persecutions of the past seem almost  insignificant when compared to the sufferings of the Armenian race in  1915.'' This was Henry Morgenthau Ambassador's quote.   On June 5, 1915, the United States Consul in Aleppo, Jesse Jackson,  wrote, ``There is a living stream of Armenians pouring into Aleppo from  the surrounding towns and villages, the principal ones being Marash,  Zeitoun, Hasanbeyli, Osmania, Baghtche, Adana, Dortyol, Hadjin.   ``The Ottoman Government has been appealed to by various prominent  people and even those in authority to put an end to these conditions,  under the representations that it can only lead to the greatest blame  and reproach, but all to no avail. It is without doubt a carefully  planned scheme to thoroughly extinguish the Armenian race.''   On July 24, 1915, in a report to Ambassador Morgenthau, the U.S.  Consul in Harput, Leslie Davis, stated, ``Any doubt that may have been  expressed in previous reports as to the Government's intention in  sending away the Armenians have been removed. It has been no secret  that the plan was to destroy the Armenian race as a race. Everything  was apparently planned months ago.''   And, finally, on October 1, 1916, a telegram to the Secretary of  State Robert Lansing, the U.S. Charge d'Affaires Hoffman Philip wrote,  ``The department is in receipt of ample details demonstrating the  horrors of the anti-Armenian campaign. For many months past I felt that  the most efficacious method for dealing with the situation from an  international standpoint would be to flatly threaten to withdraw our  Diplomatic Representative from a country where such barbarous methods  are not only tolerated but actually carried out by order of the  existing Government.''   Finally, Abram Elkus, who served as the U.S. Ambassador to the  Ottoman Empire from 1916 to 1917, telegrammed the Secretary of State at  the time on October 17, 1916, stating ``In order to avoid opprobrium of  the civilized world, which the continuation of massacres [of the  Armenians] would arouse, Turkish officials have now adopted and  are executing the unchecked policy of extermination through starvation,  exhaustion, and brutality of treatment hardly surpassed even in Turkish  history.''    American officials, those with the most credible and legitimate  understanding of what took place, made these statements. They are part  of the historical record, and they mark one of the prouder moments in  the history of the State Department and our diplomacy.   Finally, there are 27 countries in the world that have already  recognized the Armenian genocide. Eleven of them are NATO countries:  Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Italy,  Lithuania, the Netherlands, Poland, and Slovakia. None of them have  ruptured their relationship with Turkey. None of them have ended their  relationship with Turkey as it relates to recognizing the Armenian  genocide as a historical fact.  [[Page S6737]]    Why is the greatest country on the face of the earth, the United  States of America, incapable--incapable--of doing this when these 11  NATO countries haven't? So I want to thank the many individuals over  the years, particularly the Armenian National Committee of America, the  Armenian Assembly, and so many others, who have worked so hard  alongside me to ensure the U.S. abides by its commitment to the truth  and to a world where genocide truly never happens again.   I have had a good friend and colleague who has been engaged with me  in this latest effort, and I want to yield to him at this time, Senator  Cruz.    Therefore, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from  further consideration of S. Res. 150 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration; I further ask that the resolution be agreed  to; the preamble be agreed to; and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I am not new to this issue. I have been  pursuing recognition of the Armenian genocide for the greater part of a  decade, and there always seems to be some reason why, in fact, it is  not a good moment. Well, it is like a rope-a-dope. It is like a rope-a- dope. There is always another reason. There is always another excuse.   The 11 NATO allies have done this, and they are still in NATO and  still working with Turkey and still have diplomatic relationships with  Turkey. It is amazing to me the greatest power on the face of this  earth can't just speak truth of history. It amazes me. And so there  never seems to be a good moment.   Now, I have been here in the Senate long enough to know that  objections to unanimous consent work both ways, so I am going to  continue to bring this issue to the floor. I think Armenian Americans,  the world, and history should record who stands on the side of  recognizing genocide for what it is and who is not, and so I am not  going to relax. If necessary, I am sure there will be moments in which  those will seek consent on issues, and if the only way is to get a vote  on this through the actual process on the floor, then I will force that  issue because history demands it. Our conscience should call for it,  and a decade of waiting to make this happen is enough.   With that, I yield the floor.   