 I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth), the Senator from New York  (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Heinrich), the  Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from Virginia (Mr.  Warner) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth), the Senator from New York  (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Heinrich), and the  Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth), the Senator from New York  (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Heinrich), and the  Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, just a few minutes ago, four young people  from the State of Illinois visited my office. They were a variety of  different ages, from 10 years of age to the age of 17. They all came  because they had a similar life experience, and they wanted to share it  with me. Each one of them had been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.   Ten-year-old Owen from Deerfield told a story--the cutest little kid;  great reader; read me a presentation that he put together--and the  young women who were with him all talked about how their lives changed  when they learned at the age of 7 or 8 that they had type 1 diabetes.  For each one of them, from that point forward, insulin became a  lifeline. They had to have access to insulin, and they had to have it  sometimes many times a day, in the middle of the night. It reached a  point where, through technology, they had continuous glucose monitoring  devices and pumps that were keeping them alive, but every minute of  every day was a test to them as to whether they were going to get sick  and need help.   It was a great presentation by these young people, whose lives were  transformed, and their parents, who were hanging on every word as they  told me their life stories.   They brought up two points that I want to share on the floor this  afternoon. The first is the importance of medical research. As one  young woman said--she is about 17 now. She has lived with this for 8 or  9 years. She said she is a twin, and her brother told her when she was  diagnosed that he hated the thought that, as an old woman, she would  still be worried about her insulin every single day. She said: I told  my brother ``We are going to find a cure before I am an old woman.''   Well, I certainly hope that young girl is right, but she will be  right only if we do our part here on the floor of the Senate and not  just give speeches. What we have to do is appropriate money to the  National Institutes of Health. It is the premier medical research  agency in the world.   We have had good luck in the last 4 years. I want to salute two of my  Republican colleagues and one of my Democratic colleagues for their  special efforts. For the last 4 years, Senator Roy Blunt, Republican of  Missouri; Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee; and Senator  Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington, have joined forces--I have been  part of that team too--to encourage an increase in medical research  funding every single year, and we have done it.   The increase that Dr. Collins at NIH asked for was 5 percent real  growth a year. That is 5 percent over inflation. Do you know what we  have done in 4 years? NIH has gone up from $30 billion to $39 billion.  Dramatic. A 30-percent increase in NIH research funding.   We are going to have a tough time with this coming budget, as we have  in the past, but I hope we really reach a bottom line, as Democrats and  Republicans, that we are committed to 5 percent real growth in medical  research every single year so that we can answer these young people who  come in dealing with diabetes, those who are suffering from cancer,  heart disease, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's--the list goes on and on--that  we are doing our part here in the Senate; that despite all the  political battles and differences, there are things that bring us  together, and that should be one.   The second point they raised--one of the young girls there, Morgan of  Jerseyville, started telling me a story about the cost of insulin. As  she was telling the story about the sacrifices being made by her family  to keep her alive, she broke down and cried. What she was telling me-- her personal experience, her family experience--was something that  every family with diabetes knows: The cost of insulin--charged by the  pharmaceutical companies--has gone up dramatically, without  justification, over the last 20 years.   In 1999, one of the major insulin drugs--called Humalog, made by Eli  Lilly--was selling for $21 a vial. That was 20 years ago. In 1999, it  was $21 a vial. The price today is $329 a vial. What has caused this  dramatic increase? There is nothing that has happened with this drug.  It is the same drug. And, I might add, Eli Lilly of Indianapolis, IN,  is selling the same insulin product--Humalog--in Canada for $39. So it  costs $329 in the United States and $39 in Canada.   These families told me they were lucky to have health insurance that  covered prescription drugs. That sounds good, except they each had  large copays--$8,000 a year. And what it meant was that for this young  girl, this beautiful little girl who was in my office and who has  juvenile diabetes,  [[Page S4752]]  they would spend $8,000 a year at the beginning of the year for 3  months of insulin before the health insurance kicked in and started  paying for it. Of course, there are families who aren't so lucky--they  don't have health insurance to pay for their drugs.   So what are we going to do about it? It happens to be something the  Senate is supposed to take up. We are supposed to debate these things  and decide the policy for this country. We will see. Very soon, we will  have a chance. A bill is coming out of the Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee, and we will have a chance to amend it on the  floor and to deal with the cost of prescription drugs. I will have an  amendment ready if my colleagues want to join me--I hope they will--on  the cost of insulin, and we will have a chance if Senator McConnell,  the Republican leader, will allow us--it is his decision. We will have  a chance to decide whether these kids and their families are going to  get ripped off by these pharmaceutical companies for years to come.    It isn't just insulin; it is so many other products. It is time for  us to stand up for these families and their kids, to put money into  medical research, and to tell pharma once and for all: Enough is  enough. Insulin was discovered almost 100 years ago. What you are doing  in terms of increasing the cost of it for these families is  unacceptable and unconscionable.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from  California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Heinrich),  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from New York (Mrs. Gillibrand), the Senator from  California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Heinrich),  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), are necessarily absent.   