 Madam Chair, it is great to follow those warm,  bipartisan remarks from my friend from Michigan, because, after all,  even though you wouldn't know it from the ranking member's remarks, we  are here to consider a package of bipartisan bills that provide  commonsense, science-based solutions for issues facing our coastal  communities. These bills reflect putting aside our differences and  looking at the facts for the sake of our constituents in coastal  economies around this country.   Last week, I attended the U.N. Climate Conference in Madrid. We were  focused on international action on climate change, and specifically,  the role of the oceans.   Because of climate change, coastal cities will be devastated from  sea-level rise, and commercial fisheries could be either totally  collapsed or moved beyond the reach of our coastal communities, all in  my children's lifetimes.   So, yes, adaptation and mitigation will be costly, but the cost of  doing nothing is exponentially higher. And the cost of inaction  continues to increase every day that special interests concerned with  keeping the status quo are put ahead of our oceans, our coasts, and  future generations.   Now, this package of bills will provide tools and resources coastal  communities need to prepare for the impacts of climate change and to  protect local economies.   One section is based on my bill, the National Sea Grant College  Program Amendments Act. It updates the Sea Grant program to better  respond to the needs of the coastal communities through research,  education, and extension programs. It also helps develop the coastal  and marine research and policy workforce that our country needs to  respond to these challenges.   Reauthorizing this important program is critical. To date, the  program has improved the resilience of 462 coastal communities. It has  also been an incredibly successful program in terms of leveraging  Federal resources with State and local funds to meet the growing needs  of these communities.   Last year, Sea Grant's work supported over 7,000 jobs, over 1,500  businesses, and it resulted in $624 million in economic benefits. This  program consistently has bipartisan support because of its  effectiveness and importance to communities around this country.   So, again, I thank the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. Case).   