 Madam Chair, I want to begin by thanking the  committee for its work on the annual defense spending bill and for the  opportunity to speak on issues that are critically important to my  constituents in the Lowcountry.   In 2017, Congress mandated that the military service branches  consolidate their medical activities under the Defense Health Agency.  These reforms were intended to eliminate redundancy and reduce costs  while improving access to care.   Unfortunately, the manner in which the Department is implementing  these reforms all but guarantees this will not be the case. In my  district in South Carolina, we are, unfortunately, already feeling the  effects.   Naval Hospital Beaufort provides quality care to an estimated 35,000  servicemembers, retirees, and military families in South Carolina. Just  last month, the Department eliminated the naval hospital's urgent care  services.   Given the administration's plan to eliminate another 18,000 medical  billets nationwide, I am deeply concerned about the effects that  further cuts may have on our military and their families.   I am further troubled by the Department's lack of transparency into  how they are making decisions with regard to the closure of medical  services. In addition, the Department has yet to complete a detailed  analysis of how cuts in medical services may impact surrounding  communities, especially in rural areas where alternative treatment  options may be limited.   As a result, military families in underserved communities face an  uncertain future. In Beaufort County, my constituents already face  unreasonable wait times to see their doctors. Given the high  concentration of veterans in my district, any reduction in services on  Naval Hospital Beaufort is certain to further reduce access to care and  degrade unit readiness in the Lowcountry.   I thank the committee for its attention to this issue, and I ask that  it continues to work with me to ensure servicemembers, retirees, and  their families can continue to have access to the care that they need  and deserve.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman very much for  acknowledging this problem. Going forward, I will continue to work with  the Defense Subcommittee and the Armed Services Committee, as well as  the Department, to make sure that military families in the Lowcountry  are not left behind as a result of these reforms.   