 Mr. Speaker, Americans care about clean air; Americans  care about clean water; and the U.S. needs to be at the table for these  discussions as we move into a global economy. But, Mr. Speaker, a bad  deal is worse than no deal at all. Make no mistake, H.R. 9 is a bad  deal.   Almost no countries are in compliance with the Paris deal now, let  alone its future requirements. I am going to have some breaking news  here: China is not a developing country. China emits over 30 percent of  the world's pollution. But not China, not India, not Australia, not the  EU, and not even Canada are in compliance with the current terms.   The U.N. Emissions Gap Report estimates U.N. countries will have to  triple their efforts to meet the Paris deal commitments. This deal  imposes stricter requirements on the United States than other  countries. It requires significant and economically damaging carbon  emission reductions from the United States without requiring those same  requirements from China, from India, and from other developing  countries.   A true international agreement to address carbon emissions would  require actionable commitments from all the countries and would have  included a mechanism for enforcement. China has only committed to  raising its nonfossil fuel share of its economy to 20 percent by 2030  and a commitment that CO2 emissions will peak in 2030. That  is not including their financing of essentially unregulated coal plants  all over the developing world.    U.S. CO2 emissions have peaked in the mid-2000s and have  decreased since then. The United States is on track to hit about 65  percent of the voluntary targets based on both the Bush- and Obama-era  regulations and existing power sector trends.   Mr. Speaker, we need to focus on developing and exporting innovation  and technology to reduce emissions; give us cleaner air and water and  reliable, affordable energy for families all across the country.  Without that, this bill is simply virtue signaling. But it is worse  than that because, by its very nature, it will force the exporting of  pollution to countries that do not have the United States' regulatory  controls.   We benefit from producing energy here. It is done safely and securely  and creates American jobs. We need to end our reliance on foreign fuels  and promote homegrown and home-produced fuels just like we have done in  North Dakota.   The energy sector not only is great for our economy, but it is  incredibly important for national security. So let's get on with real  solutions. Let's get more pipelines in the ground. Let's allow for  natural gas to be burned during the winter instead of heating oil.  Let's end sue-and-settle environmentalism, and let's not forget that we  had 8 years under the Obama administration to lead environmentally by  symbolism and symbolism alone. We need to get rid of symbolism and  start working toward action.   Democrats are offering unrealistic, counterproductive policies like  stopping pipelines needed to transport environmentally safe natural gas  and stopping trains from going into their own States. We need to allow  for our energy infrastructure to catch up to where it needs to be, and  then we can lead the world in global innovation and technology.   