 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I don't come to the floor that often to  ask about or to talk about any person who is being recommended by our  President, whether I agree or disagree. This is one time I feel very  compelled to do so.   I rise today to urge my colleagues not to confirm Chad Readler to the  U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. I would say this: A vote  for him, in my estimation, is a vote against every West Virginian and  every American with a preexisting condition, and I will tell you why.   After 20 State attorneys general and Governors challenged the  constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act and its protections for  people with preexisting conditions in Texas v. United States, as Acting  Assistant Attorney General, Readler refused to defend the Affordable  Care Act. That is his job. That is the law of the land. He refused,  basically, to protect and defend it, which resulted in putting nearly  800,000 West Virginians with cancer, heart disease, asthma, or diabetes  and women who care to have a baby at risk of financial jeopardy if they  get sick.   Readler was not just a participant but the chief architect of the  Department of Justice's decision to not defend the current law in the  case. Let me make sure we all understand how devastating this could  have been but also the intent. Coming from the Assistant Attorney  General, he was not just a participant, but he was the chief architect  of the Department of Justice's decision to not defend--to not do his  job, to not defend--the current law in the case.   He wrote and filed a brief arguing that the Affordable Care Act's  individual mandate is unconstitutional, and that if the mandate is  stricken as unconstitutional, the Affordable Care Act's protections for  the people with preexisting conditions should also be stricken.   He is taking the position as one person, not as an elected official,  saying that it is unconstitutional when we voted in this body not to  repeal it. We voted in this body, representing the people of the United  States, not to repeal it. He made a decision as one person, not an  elected official, saying it is unconstitutional.   This brief was so controversial and inhumane that several career  lawyers with the Civil Division refused to sign their name to this  brief, and one senior career Department of Justice official resigned  because of his decision.   After the Department of Justice's announcement, I introduced a  resolution to authorize the Senate legal counsel to intervene in this  lawsuit on behalf of the Senate and defend all Americans' right to  access affordable health insurance. Because of Readler and the  Department of Justice's decision to abandon its responsibility, the  court ruled against Americans with preexisting conditions in December.   This misguided and inhumane ruling will kick millions of Americans  and tens of thousands of West Virginians off their health insurance. So  800,000 West Virginians with preexisting conditions will be at risk of  losing their health insurance, and the thousands of West Virginians who  gained health insurance through the Medicaid expansion will no longer  qualify. This ruling is just plain wrong, and it is rightfully being  appealed to a higher court.   While I continue to fight to pass my resolution to defend Americans  and West Virginians with preexisting conditions, I must commend our  colleagues in the House who passed a similar resolution earlier this  year that allowed their legal counsel to intervene. I wish we had both  legal counsel from the House and the Senate intervening together.   In this body, I am known for examining judicial nominees fairly,  based on their qualifications, temperament, and judgment, which I take  very seriously, but I cannot stand idly by and allow the Senate to  confirm a person who singlehandedly tried to rip insurance away from  West Virginians and Americans when he had no authority to do so. He was  not an elected official, not speaking on behalf of the law, not  defending the law but trying to represent his own beliefs or political  agenda.   This vote today will show Americans and West Virginias with  preexisting conditions who is really fighting for them and all of us  who believe strongly in their right to be able to care for themselves.  A vote for Mr. Readler is a vote against people with preexisting  conditions, and I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  will join me in voting against his confirmation.   This is something I don't do often. I don't take it lightly. It is  very serious. This gentleman has basically shown it is not about the  law; it is not about the Constitution; it is about his politics and  himself and not a man who should be sitting on a higher court.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   