 Mr. President, I want to recognize the wisdom and insight  from my friend and colleague from the great State of Georgia. We have  unmet disaster needs in this country. I look forward to working with  him to achieve the relief of the disaster impacts on the Southeastern  United States and other States.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  climate change--to talk about something that is a pressing and real  problem that affects everyone in this country, and, in fact, in our  world. It is a challenge that we can't afford to ignore any longer  because the health of our families, our economy, our environment, and  even our national security, quite literally, depend on our ability to  address it and address it promptly.   After a year of recordbreaking extreme weather in 2018--when we saw  rising average temperatures fuel California's deadliest wildfire season  on record, when Florida was faced with the strongest hurricane ever to  reach that State's panhandle, and when farmers in Delaware and across  the country faced challenges due to severe flooding and drought--it is  clear that we can't afford to sit back and do nothing about climate  change while the American people pay the price.   The costs of our inaction are real--real in human suffering, real in  disaster recovery spending, real in lost economic opportunity, and real  in the burden borne by our Armed Forces around the world.   Yes, there is a clear link between climate change and national  security. The Pentagon has consistently pointed to climate change as a  real national security threat that will make the military's job around  the world harder. National security leaders from across  administrations, both Republican and Democratic, have warned that  climate change acts as a ``threat multiplier,'' increasing global  instability and weakening fragile States as climate change leads to  more extreme weather events and scarcer food and water resources.   In many ways, these findings echo themes about climate change that we  already know--that it is already happening, that it continues to get  worse, that it is going to cost us dearly, and that we can do something  about it. It is that last point that I want to focus on. We can do  something to stop the disastrous impacts of climate change, so long as  we recognize it and work together in a bipartisan way to develop, take  up, debate, and pass meaningful legislation that can make a difference.   Democrats have a broad range of bold and new policy proposals and of  tested and fully developed policy proposals to address climate change.  Many of them are bipartisan.   I wanted to come to the floor today to talk through 4 different bills  that I have cosponsored--some that are relatively new and some  considered across several Congresses--that are positive, constructive  steps forward we can take to address climate change.   The first, and probably my oldest bill in this field, is called the  MLP Parity Act--a catchy name, I know. It has five Republican  colleagues who have cosponsored it now over three Congresses. This bill  expands to renewable forms of energy, to carbon capture and  sequestration, and to renewable and so-called clean energy a popular  and long-established tax tool for financing energy projects that the  oil and gas and pipeline sectors have enjoyed for decades. It would  level the playing field. It would stop picking winners and losers in  terms of energy tax policy. It would be, literally, an ``all of the  above'' energy financing strategy. If enacted, it would be the first  permanent change for the financing of clean energy projects in the U.S.  Tax Code--potentially, worth billions of new private investment in  renewable forms of energy.   It is also cosponsored by the Republican chair of the Energy  Committee, Senator Murkowski, the Republican chair of the Banking  Committee, Senator Crapo, and three other colleagues from across the  country. We have five Democrats and five Republicans. It has had a  hearing in front of the Energy Committee and a hearing in front of the  Finance Committee in previous Congresses. This is the sort of solid,  scored bipartisan bill that would be a meaningful step forward in  addressing climate change.   Senator Lindsey Graham and I have introduced the IMPACT for Energy  Act to create a private foundation to support cutting-edge energy  research and technology commercialization. Why would we do this? What  am I talking about?   Well, a guy named Bill Gates, one of the greatest inventors and  innovators in American history, wants to deploy private investments and  foundation investments alongside the Department of Energy, in  partnership with a lot of other individuals, to significantly  accelerate the cutting-edge research being done at our National  Laboratories through the Department of Energy.   This is a tool that several other Federal Agencies already have. It  is a so-called private foundation that allows them to marry up private  sector dollars--foundation dollars--with Federal dollars to leverage  greater impact. This private foundation can go out and raise that  additional money and add it to the energy R&D already being funded by  the Federal Government.   I also want to applaud the hard and bipartisan work of my colleagues,  led by Senators Murkowski and Cantwell on the Energy Committee, on a  comprehensive energy bill with a wide range of policy ideas that can  move us forward. It has several components that I contributed and that  would help to address climate change. I very much hope that in this  Congress we can finally take up this bipartisan bill and see it signed  into law.   Last, but in some ways most importantly, I want to mention a bill I  offered at the end of the last Congress with my friend and former  colleague, the Senator from Arizona, Jeff Flake. Despite our very  different ideological, cultural and contextual backgrounds--we are from  different States, from different faiths, and from different  perspectives on the role of government and society; he is a real  conservative, and I am a progressive Democratic--we still managed to  come together and introduce a bill that addresses the cost of ignoring  climate change and the impact it will have on the people in our home  States.   We offered the Energy Innovation and Carbon Dividend Act. It is a  commonsense bill to achieve significant and sustained emissions  reductions and to help to mitigate the worse impacts of climate change.  Our bill would accomplish this by using a free-market approach to  pricing carbon pollution that would spur economic growth and put money  back in the pockets of American taxpayers. Similar legislation has been  introduced in the House of Representatives by a bipartisan coalition. I  look forward to reintroducing this bill in this Congress.   The Energy Innovation and Carbon Dividend Act should be the  centerpiece of a robust, bipartisan climate agenda because it  aggressively tackles emissions while optimizing economic growth and  income for working families. We estimate that our bill would reduce  emissions by 90 percent by 2050, while creating as many as 2 million  net new jobs in the next decade.   I believe this is an efficient way to use market forces to address  the very real problem of climate change while creating jobs and  opportunities for American workers. Frankly, an outright ban on  nonrenewable sources would be inefficient and disruptive to workers  from all sectors, but, in particular, across the building trades and  other vital sectors of employment. In contrast, sending a strong market  signal in favor of lower carbon or carbon-neutral energy would spur  investment and growth in these technologies by the private sector and  lead us toward a lower carbon future through competition.  [[Page S1578]]    We don't need to choose between clean energy and economic growth or  between combating climate change and creating jobs. These two goals are  not permanently and mutually exclusive. They can go hand in hand if we  craft the right policies. Still, we cannot move abruptly away from an  economy that relies heavily on fossil fuels without having a real and  coordinated plan for the very people--the millions of Americans--whose  jobs will ultimately be impacted by that transition.   Fortunately, a gradual transition to a clean energy future can also  be an effective job creator. In 2017, the renewable energy and energy  efficiency sectors alone employed 2.8 million Americans. If we place a  price on carbon and then let the market work, we will create jobs  across a wide range of industries, occupations, and geographies.   As we work to deal with the effects of climate change by moving to a  cleaner energy and infrastructure economy--an economy that is more  resilient--we will need to rely on workers who are already in place in  many of these industries. We will need building trades professionals to  construct and maintain our new resilient and clean energy  infrastructure. We will need manufacturing workers to build these more  energy-efficient products. We will also need scientists and engineers  to help research, develop, design, and deploy these new technologies.  These workers bring real experience and skills to the table, and we  must ensure that these skills translate into new, good jobs and that  the workers in these new jobs are able to organize for fair  competition, for fair compensation, and for fair work conditions.   We can't tackle climate change alone. The United States is the  largest historic emitter of carbon dioxide, but our emissions have been  declining in recent years. Meanwhile, China has whirred past us, and  China and India and other countries are rapidly catching up in their  carbon emissions. We need an approach that incentivizes these countries  to reduce their emissions as well. The United States is a world leader  in science and technology and innovation. We need to develop and  advance new technologies--carbon-neutral technologies like small,  modular nuclear reactors and carbon capture and sequestration--that we  can export. Then we need to find ways to encourage countries like China  and India to modernize and industrialize while also reducing their  emissions.   There is good work taking place in this area, and there are good  solutions we can act on together. We need to reduce greenhouse gas  emissions in a serious, thorough, deliberate, and thoughtful way. We  need to be prepared to adapt to the ongoing impacts of climate change.  We need to make sure American workers and families aren't left behind  or are burdened by Federal climate policy.   This administration, unfortunately, strikes me as taking us backward.  We are voting on an EPA Administrator in this Chamber who is failing to  take action on climate, even on action that is widely supported by  industry. Our President just proposed a National Security Council  initiative to counter the consensus around climate change and refute  the idea that greenhouse gases are harmful to the environment. I  shouldn't even need to say this, but that just isn't how science works.   That is why, here in the Senate, we need to take the opportunity to  lead and to have voices from both parties in Congress and in this  country who want to take bold steps to address the climate. The hard  part is going to be squaring these big, bold ideas with political  reality. That is hard, but there are ways we can do it. Instead of  being silent, we should bring this conversation to the forefront.  Instead of debating whether climate change is real, we should be  passing bipartisan bills, like the ones I have mentioned today, that  can meaningfully address climate change and improve our economy.   Climate change is a serious threat to our economy, to our security,  and to our way of life. We need leadership from all parts of our  society and government to tackle it, and we must do our part in the  Senate. I look forward to having conversations across the aisle, to  working together, to identifying real solutions to the challenges  before us, and to creating new opportunities for America's workers.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Drew Story, a  science fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the 116th Congress.   