 Madam President, I am very pleased to follow my  colleague from Connecticut and to continue his thoughts about the utter  chaos and catastrophe that would be caused by the success of this  lawsuit now before the court of appeals--chaos and catastrophe that  would, in effect, turn back the clock to days that I remember well  because I was attorney general when preexisting conditions were used as  a ruse to deny lifesaving medical care and coverage to people with  cancer, brain tumors, and literally lethal diseases.   In those days, as attorney general, I took their fight and made it my  own, even sometimes calling presidents of insurance companies over  weekends to go to bat for those individuals.   Those bad old days--the days of no protection against preexisting  conditions--are over now, but they will come back if this lawsuit is  successful. If this lawsuit wins, young people who are now covered by  their parents' policies up to the age of 26 will be without it. If this  lawsuit wins, the annual and lifetime caps on benefits will come back.  If this lawsuit is successful, preexisting conditions again will come  back to haunt people who need and deserve coverage. If this lawsuit  wins, millions of people--tens of thousands in Connecticut--will be at  risk.   One of them is a young man, Conner Curran, an 8-year-old boy in  Ridgefield. His picture is right here. I met Conner 3 years ago when he  was 5, and his parents noticed he was lagging behind his twin brother.  They brought him to a doctor, expecting maybe a simple diagnosis.  Instead, they were told that Conner had Duchenne muscular dystrophy.  That is a degenerative, terminal disease. It has no cure. It is life- threatening. In fact, most people with the disease don't survive past  their midtwenties.   Conner's family wrote to me, telling me that their beautiful, young,  sweet child, at the time just 5\1/2\ and full of life, would slowly  lose his ability to run, to walk, to lift his arms. Eventually, they  said, he would lose his ability to hug them.   Conner needs care--complex care--from multiple specialists, costing  tens of thousands of dollars per year. Thanks to the Affordable Care  Act, there is no denying him coverage. There is no denying him coverage  because of his illness, and he will receive the care he needs.   His family also wrote to me that the reinstatement of lifetime caps  or elimination of essential health benefits will hinder his family's  ability to access the care Conner needs. In fact, if this lawsuit wins,  there will be virtually insuperable obstacles to Conner receiving that  vital lifesaving care. If this disease progresses, as seems very  possible, he will need access to Medicaid in offsetting costs of living  with that disability.   For his family, the question is, Will Medicaid even be there? If that  devastating day comes, will he receive the care he needs?   Conner's family shared their concern over what would happen if the  repeated and reckless attempts to undermine healthcare succeed and if  repeal of the ACA becomes a reality. He and his family are not giving  up. They have come to my office since he was diagnosed to fight for a  cure and for the Affordable Care Act. They have demonstrated strength  and courage, sometimes with tears in their eyes. They raise awareness  and fight for their son. I know they would do it a million times over  if it meant Conner could have a long and healthy life.   Connor and millions like him are the reasons I am here to fight back  against any attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Whether it is  in Congress or in the courts, make no mistake, this effort in the  courts is another means of repealing the ACA. The people of Connecticut  get it. They understand the agenda here. They want all of us--and I  think most of our constituents do as well--to make sure this kind of  care is there for Connor and for all of us because all of us will be at  risk if the ACA is repealed, whether it is in Congress or the courts.   In Connecticut, there are 1.5 million people living with preexisting  conditions. That includes 182,000 children like Connor. If this  Republican-backed lawsuit against the Affordable Care Act succeeds,  their protections will be eviscerated; they will be lost, not just for  a year or two but likely for their lifetime.   The Affordable Care Act ban on lifetime coverage caps is so important  to kids like Connor. If the Republican-backed lawsuit against the ACA  is successful, he will be one of the more than 1.2 million people in  Connecticut who would meet a lifetime coverage limit and be forced to  worry about how and if they can pay for their necessary medical care.   In Connecticut, about 25,000 young people get their healthcare  coverage under their parents' plans, thanks to the Affordable Care  Act's requirement that children can be covered until the age of 26. If  the Republican-backed lawsuit against the ACA succeeds, these young  adults will be left without coverage.   In Connecticut, over a quarter of a million people have healthcare  coverage because of the ACA's Medicaid expansion. Another 110,000 have  coverage through the Connecticut ACA exchange. If the Republican-backed  lawsuit against the Affordable Care Act succeeds, their healthcare  coverage will be gone.   If the Republican-backed lawsuit succeeds, the uninsured rate of  Black Connecticut residents would likely double. One in five Latinos  under 65 will go uninsured.   All of these people, like Connor, represent our Nation--the best of  our Nation--with their dedication to the people they love, and they  deserve to be heard. Their voices need to be heard here. They are the  true faces of the Affordable Care Act. Every one of them, like Connor,  is a life that will be enhanced by continuing the Affordable Care Act.  If this Republican-backed lawsuit succeeds, their lives will be at  risk, and we will be a lesser nation.   I yield the floor.   