 Mr. Speaker, twenty-five years ago, I strongly opposed  and helped lead the opposition against the North American Free Trade  Agreement (NAFTA). While our efforts narrowly failed in the House, I  was proud to vote against it.   Then-President Clinton said that the North American Free Trade  Agreement (NAFTA) would create thousands of good-paying U.S. jobs and  would result in trade surpluses between $9-$12 billion. The reality,  however, couldn't be further from the truth, and NAFTA has been an  absolute disaster.   After railing against NAFTA and promising to deliver a dramatically  improved deal or withdraw from the agreement altogether, President  Trump and his administration delivered the United States-Mexico-Canada  Agreement (USMCA). By all accounts, the USMCA was nothing more than a  continuation of NAFTA's same failed policies.   After months of extensive negotiations between House Democrats and  the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR), important improvements have been  made to the USMCA on a number of issues, including improvements I have  long fought for and helped secure.   After extensive work with USTR, I am proud to have secured provisions  in the USMCA that will better enable the U.S. to safeguard our roads.  The deal includes language that allows the United States to restrict  domestic long-haul services by Mexican trucks in the event of material  harm to U.S. trucking suppliers, operators, and drivers. I am pleased  that this restriction provides teeth to protect the U.S. trucking  industry from unfair trade practices by Mexican motor carriers, and  provides for consideration of impacts on driver wages and working  conditions, to avoid a race to the bottom in trucking.   I am also pleased that damaging provisions that would have kept  prescription drug costs high have been removed. House Democrats were  able to successfully negotiate the removal of provisions that would  have kept cheaper, generic drugs off the market longer.   Working Americans have been waiting for more than two decades for the  opportunity to fix NAFTA's failed policies. Throughout my career I have  fought for a truly transformative replacement that supports American  workers while safeguarding the environment and protecting consumers.  While it is an improvement from NAFTA, I do not believe that the USMCA  is that transformative deal, and, as a result, I will be voting against  it today.   The fact of the matter is that there is a deeply entrenched system of  wage and rights suppression in Mexico. Hundreds of thousands of U.S.  jobs were lost to Mexico as a result of this system, and these jobs  aren't coming back to our country. Without upending this entrenched  system altogether, we will not be able to raise wages and standards for  Mexican workers, which means we will continue to struggle to prevent  the hemorrhaging of American jobs that are being outsourced to low wage  jobs in Mexico. I do not believe Mexico has devoted the funding or the  staffing necessary for these changes, nor do I believe this agreement  goes far enough in ensuring that workers and the U.S. have the remedies  needed to prevent abuses from continuing to occur moving forward.  Democratic and Republican administrations have shirked their  responsibilities to fight for higher labor standards and fair trade  policies, and I do not believe this agreement does enough to prevent  those kind of abuses moving forward.   Further, the Republican tax bill enacted in 2017 actually promotes  outsourcing by allowing multinational corporations to cut their tax  rate in half if they shut a factory in the U.S. and move it to Mexico.  I will reintroduce legislation next year to eliminate this incentive.   Beyond this, the USMCA is at its core a deal that will continue to  promote pro-polluter, climate-denying policies. There are no  substantive provisions to seriously curb air and water pollution, the  deal completely ignores climate change, and its environmental  enforcement mechanism is not nearly strong enough. We need to do much  more to take bold steps to address climate change and to curb corporate  polluting.   I am also disappointed that the administration abandoned its original  position to eliminate chapter 19. I have long called for the  elimination of this unconstitutional chapter which allows foreign  tribunals to overrule U.S. trade protections against heavily subsidized  foreign imports, and I am disappointed that the administration  acquiesced to Canada.   While I don't believe this agreement sets forward a bold vision for a  21st century trade agreement, the reality is that this agreement will  become law, and that means the real work of monitoring and enforcing  the new provisions will begin. I will push for robust oversight and  enforcement of the labor and environmental standards and work to ensure  that any and all flaws are appropriately addressed when the USMCA's  sunset provisions kick-in six years from now.   I have spent my entire career fighting on behalf of the American  worker, including voting against every so-called free trade deal  proposed to Congress that undermines our workforce and enables the  destruction of our environment. I will continue to fight for truly  transformative deals that create a new standard for how trade  agreements should support the U.S. and its people.  [[Page H12268]]    Mr. Speaker, despite President Trump's promises to fix NAFTA and make  a perfect trade agreement that will bring jobs back to the United  States, the NAFTA 2.0 agreement signed last year prioritized  corporations over American workers. Democratic lawmakers negotiated  vigorously to improve the shoddy 2018 agreement, and they should be  applauded for their work on the U.S. Mexico Canada Agreement (USMCA).  The USMCA marks a significant improvement over the NAFTA 2.0 agreement  on issues related to labor standards. The USMCA establishes labor  specific enforcement mechanisms, removes NAFTA's Investor-State Dispute  Settlement (ISDS) regime, and eliminates huge giveaways to the  pharmaceutical industry. While significant strides were made, the  agreement ultimately falls short of the critical labor and  environmental needs that face our country today. Although I regretfully  had to miss today's vote due to a family emergency, I would have voted  no on the USMCA.   The USMCA does take long-overdue steps to improve conditions for  Mexican workers and remove incentives for companies to move American  jobs to Mexico. To be clear, this agreement will do nothing to bring  back hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs to the U.S., and the  Republican's tax bill signed into law last year still contains major  incentives for corporations to outsource and offshore jobs. Mexico's  promise to provide new labor protections, and the new rules included in  this agreement, will help many workers in Mexico. However, the USMCA's  enforcement mechanisms simply will not do enough to ensure these new  rules are followed and could make it impossible for the U.S. to hold  Mexico responsible if these promised reforms do not take effect.   Unfortunately, USMCA fails to address our climate crisis and  adequately protect our environment. The agreement does not include  enforcement of the Paris Climate Agreement or even the phrase ``climate  change.'' It leaves intact NAFTA's incentives for corporations to dodge  clean energy policies in the U.S. and leaves enforcement to a NAFTA- style interagency committee with little authority beyond writing  reports. The agreement would not address documented pollution dumping  and sets no limits on air, water, or land pollution. The deregulatory  standards would also make it even harder for the U.S. to set new  environmental regulations in the future. It was impossible for me to  support this agreement without significantly more robust and binding  environmental standards.   I respect and appreciate the hard work and dedication of my  Democratic colleagues in transforming President Trump's terrible NAFTA  2.0 agreement into a more robust and fair USMCA. However, because of  the weak environmental standards and the lack of robust enforcement of  labor rights, I cannot support it.   