 Mr. President, this week the Senate will vote on another  of President Trump's hard-right judicial nominees, Chad Readler, of the  Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in Ohio.   Let me just say, anyone who thinks the Republican Party has abandoned  their embrace of eliminating protections for preexisting conditions  ought to see how everyone votes on Chad Readler. It will be a surprise  to no one that this nomination is proceeding over the objection of  Senator Brown, yet another example of Republicans discarding the blue  slip. Mr. Readler stands out in his own way. A vote to confirm this  nomination is a vote to end protections for Americans with preexisting  conditions.    Mr. Readler is behind the Trump administration's decision last year  to side with Texas and 19 other States with Republican attorneys  general suing to repeal our healthcare law. Mr. Readler was not just  somebody who worked on the case; he was the lead lawyer, filing the  Department of Justice brief declaring that the administration refused  to defend the laws of our country.   In a brief so outlandish that career Justice Department attorneys  refused to sign, Mr. Readler argued that protections for people with  preexisting conditions should be eliminated. Mark my words. When this  vote is cast, we will see how every Republican feels about preexisting  conditions, their protestations to the contrary.   Listen to this, folks. On the very next day after the brief was  submitted, Mr. Readler was rewarded for his efforts by President Trump  with a nomination for a lifetime appointment. On day one, Readler files  the lead suit to eliminate protections for those with preexisting  conditions, and on day two, he is nominated to the bench--a lifetime  appointment.   All 47 of us Senate Democrats are united in opposing this nomination,  and we urge our Republican colleagues who claim to support protections  for preexisting conditions to join us in voting to reject his  nomination.   He is not just some lawyer who participated. He is the chief cook and  bottle washer of the case that hurts hundreds of millions of Americans.  If you have a daughter with cancer, and you can't get insurance, if you  have a wife or a husband who has a serious condition, and the insurance  company pulls back, you are losing your protection if Readler has his  way. Now he is going to get on the bench with a lifetime appointment  unless our Republican colleagues have the sense and the courage to  block him.   On this vote, every Republican will be forced to show their  constituents and the American people whether they stand for preexisting  condition protections, for more Americans having healthcare coverage,  protecting Medicaid, and all insurance plans covering maternity care  and prescription drugs. Having failed in Congress to repeal these vital  healthcare protections that American families count on each day,  President Trump has turned to the courts. The decision by Mr. Readler,  President Trump, and others in the Trump administration to side with  Republican attorneys general who have declared our healthcare law  unconstitutional is the latest example of the  [[Page S1610]]  President and Republicans trying to repeal our healthcare law.   The Texas lawsuit is working its way through the courts now. If Mr.  Readler's legal argument prevails in the courts, access to healthcare  for children with asthma, adults with arthritis, and cancer survivors  would no longer be guaranteed.   Mr. Readler argues that preexisting condition protections like these  are unconstitutional. We Senate Democrats think that is outrageous and  extreme, which is why we are calling on Republicans to join us in  opposing his nomination.   In short, any Republican Senator who supports Mr. Readler's  nomination is supporting the Trump Republican lawsuit to get rid of  preexisting condition protections and to take away healthcare from tens  of millions--if not hundreds of millions--of Americans.   