 Mr. President, over the last 2 years, many of us have  grappled with a very difficult question about our President. It is a  question that never before could we even imagine thinking about an  American President, let alone saying it out loud on the floor of the  Senate. I am talking about the entirely legitimate question of whether  Donald Trump could be compromised by the Russian Government. It is more  than a legitimate question; it is the natural question that comes to  mind every time we learn more about the links between President Trump,  his associates, and the Russian Government.   With the Mueller investigation possibly coming to a close in the near  future, we may be forced to deal with--both Congress and the American  public--some very stark facts about the President's ties to Russia.  Just think about the reported revelations over the last month or so.   We have learned that President Trump took unprecedented steps to  conceal the contents of his conversations with Putin from his own  advisers.   We have learned that following one of the meetings with Putin, Trump  phoned a New York Times reporter to argue that Russia did not interfere  in the 2016 election--once again carrying the Kremlin's water in direct  conflict with the entire U.S. intelligence community.   We have learned that over the past year, President Trump repeatedly  argued for pulling the United States out of NATO--something that Putin  desires.   We continue to learn new details about Paul Manafort's--President  Trump's campaign chairman--meetings with Konstantin Kilimnik, a Russian  national with suspected ties to Russian intelligence and an associate  of Oleg Deripaska's. We know that Manafort met with Kilimnik  repeatedly, provided him with polling data, and discussed ending U.S.  sanctions and adopting a Russia-friendly peace plan for Ukraine. This  is perhaps the most significant indication that Trump's inner circle  was discussing pro-Kremlin policies in the months before the election.   Tellingly, just last night, we learned that Manafort has lied again  and again about the truth of his contacts and his conversations. Did  Manafort determine that lying to prosecutors was a better alternative  to telling the truth?   Finally, let's not forget the revelation from just a few weeks ago  that the Nation's top law enforcement agency reportedly opened a  counterintelligence investigation into the President, in part for  firing the FBI Director because of ``this Russia thing.''   You can't make this stuff up. Not even in your wildest dreams, not  even on the TV set of ``Homeland'' could you make this stuff up. The  news of a possible counterintelligence investigation against a sitting  President should shake us all to the core. Instead, we are barely even  surprised.   For the rightwing pundits who spoon-feed a warped reality to  President Trump every hour of the day, it is just one more excuse to  paint him--the most powerful man in the world--as a victim, but for the  rest of us, these revelations only sharpen the dread that gnaws at us  as we search our minds for any explanation for President Trump's  perplexing posture toward Russia.   Look, I may have my differences with the President on tax policy, on  immigration policy, on healthcare policy, and more, but let me assure  you, every time he was set to meet with Putin, I, for one, hoped and  prayed that our President would prove our suspicions wrong.   I hoped that the President of the United States would stand up to  Putin and demand accountability for Russia's interference in the 2016  elections--the cyber attacks, the stolen data, the malign social  influence campaigns designed to stoke division and doubt in the  American people. I hoped President Trump would make clear to Putin that  legal aggression against Ukraine and the continual denial of Ukrainian  sovereignty is unacceptable and will result in consequences. I hoped  President Trump would not congratulate Putin on another sham election  victory but operate from a position of truth about his grip on power-- that it comes from the oppression of the Russian people, the seizure of  their assets, the torture and murder of dissenters, the building of a  chemical weapons arsenal, and the denial of a free press and basic  human rights. And of course I hoped President Trump would not budge an  inch on sanctions on the Kremlin.   But time and again, our President has let us down. He has let our  country down. He has left Americans to lie awake at night asking  themselves: What does Putin have on our President? Why won't he hold  Russia accountable? Why won't he champion the values of democracy,  freedom, and human rights that transcend political parties and define  our greatest ideals as a nation?   Instead, our President champions talking points that could have only  come out of the Kremlin. Let me provide just a few examples.   He told the leaders of the G7 that Crimea should be a part of Russia.  He told the President of France to leave the EU. He said that  Montenegro, a NATO member, could start World War III because they are  ``very aggressive people.'' He said that the Soviet Union invaded  Afghanistan because ``terrorists were going into Russia'' and Russia  was ``right to be there.''   The Wall Street Journal rightly said that ``we cannot recall a more  absurd misstatement of history by an American President.''   I challenge anyone to find one person--one person in the State  Department, the Defense Department, the National Security Council--who  believes these statements and would have put them in the President's  ear. So who does he get these ideas from? I can think of only one  person--his good friend Vladimir Putin.   Thus far, our greatest insights into what may be driving President  Trump's peculiar behavior toward Russia have come out of Special  Counsel Mueller's investigation and the additional investigations  spawned by it. With every new court filing, we learn that the tentacles  of Russian influence over the President and his associates are wrapped  tighter than we previously thought.    Meanwhile, the President and his cheerleaders on FOX News continue to  discredit the Mueller probe as some kind of partisan witch hunt, when  the truth is that it has already resulted in 4 individual sentences, 7  guilty pleas, and a total of more than 30 people and 3 Russian entities  charged.   But all of this still begs the question why. Why does President Trump  behave as though he has been compromised by the Russian Government? Why  is he so deferential to Putin? We saw that at the Helsinki summit. Why  have those around the President gone to such great lengths to cover up  and lie about the extent of their interactions with Russia and with  Russians?   Of course, if we can consider the possibility that the President is  an asset of the Russian Government, we then have to wonder whether he  is a witting or an unwitting asset.   On the one hand, it seems as though most of what President Trump does  is unwitting. Perhaps his refusal to take Russian interference in 2016  seriously is merely an outgrowth of his narcissism, a symptom of a  fragile ego that cannot accept that maybe, just maybe the unprecedented  malign influence campaign orchestrated by the Kremlin did indeed sway  some votes on election day.   On the other hand, the more I learn about President Trump's strange  behavior toward Russia, the more I wonder if he knows exactly what is  going on; the more I wonder if he knows that his campaign was making  promises about pro-Kremlin positions and rolling back sanctions; the  more I wonder if Trump knows that he is indebted to Russia and cannot  allow the truth of  [[Page S1367]]  his business dealings to come to light, for the truth may tell us that  Trump's overtures to Putin, his disparaging of NATO, his refusal to  fully apply congressionally mandated sanctions, and his mixed messages  on Ukraine are actually instances of conspiracy with the Kremlin in  real time.   Perhaps it is because I am from New Jersey and I have lived through  decades of Donald Trump's questionable business dealings, but I cannot  understand why anyone would flat out reject the proposition that he is  indebted to Russia. He is the first Presidential candidate in decades  to refuse to disclose his tax returns. He is the first President in  modern history to refuse to divest from his business interests, leaving  us wondering whether he and his family are profiting from his position  in the Oval Office.   Beyond the myth of the man, Trump is no business genius. He was a  millionaire by age 8, thanks to his father. He ran the business into  the ground. He defaulted on debt, refused to pay workers, and declared  multiple corporate bankruptcies. Eventually, American banks saw through  him and refused to lend him money, so Trump had to look elsewhere for  cash. When you have been essentially blacklisted from the U.S. banking  system, where do you turn? You turn to less savory sources.   The fact that the Trump Organization courted and sold real estate to  wealthy Russian buyers and financiers is no secret, nor is the reality  that to be wealthy in Putin's Russia means to have close ties to the  Kremlin. Much of the stolen wealth amassed by Putin and his cronies  must be hidden from the global financial system, so where do you turn?  Real estate.   After a string of bankruptcies and racking up debt for years, the  Trump Organization suddenly began making a spate of large,  unexplainable cash purchases, totaling $400 million over 9 years.  Giant, mysterious, inexplicable cash transactions are the hallmark of  money laundering. So where did they get the cash? Well, if we are to  believe the words of the President and his sons, much of it came from  Russia. In fact, it was Donald Junior who said in 2008 that ``we see a  lot of money pouring in from Russia'' and Eric Trump who reportedly  said in 2014 that ``we don't rely on American banks. We have all the  funding we need out of Russia.''   We know that several Trump projects, like Trump SoHo and Trump  Toronto, received significant funding from Kremlin-linked financiers.  In fact, Trump Toronto was funded by an asset sale by the Russian bank  VTB--a transaction that would have likely needed approval from Putin  himself. We now know that the Trump Organization pursued the Trump  Moscow project for far longer than he led on, including well into his  campaign for President.   The President has unequivocally said that he has ``zero investments  in Russia.'' Well, here is the problem: Donald Trump may not have  investments in Russia, but it is quite possible that the Kremlin has an  investment in him.   That is what keeps me up at night.   That is why I believe the time is now to pass legislation requiring  all Presidential candidates to disclose their tax returns and why I am  the sponsor of such legislation.   So many of my colleagues decried Trump's shattering of this norm, but  since he arrived at White House, the Republicans have done nothing to  stop it from becoming the new normal.   We still don't know who is behind the vast majority of the Trump  organization projects around the world, many of which continue to this  day. We have to follow the money to get to the truth. How else will we  ever know why our President is either unable or unwilling to publicly  stand up to Putin?   What too many of my Republican colleagues seem to forget is that at  the end of the day, this is not about Donald Trump; it is about the  American people. It is about whether an American President may be  beholden to foreign interests and how those interests fare against our  own.   When the President embraces our greatest adversaries and gives the  back of the hand to our closest allies; when he continually denies  Russia's interference in 2016 and belittles the findings of our entire  intelligence community; when, in spite of those findings, he suggests  lifting sanctions on the Russians; when he backs down from challenging  Putin after Russia commits an unacceptable act of aggression against  Ukraine in the Sea of Azov, an international border, then we need a  Congress willing to live up to its role as a coequal branch of  government.   We cannot blindly follow a potentially compromised President down  this dangerous path in which our alliances are suffering, our  leadership on the global stage is waning, and our competitors are  seeking to fill the void.   We need to know the facts--not the latest spin dropped by Rudy  Giuliani--the facts. The American people deserve to know whom they  elected to be their President. They deserve to know if he is, in fact,  putting America's interests first. They deserve to know if Donald Trump  is wittingly or unwittingly an agent for the Russian Federation.   Congress must carry out its constitutional duty to fully and  thoroughly investigate where the facts lead. That is why we must  protect the integrity of all oversight efforts including the objective,  sober investigation still being conducted by Robert Mueller, and that  is why we must push for his final report to be made public to the  American people.   At the same time, this administration's deference to the Kremlin  demands Congress be proactive in shaping U.S. foreign policy toward  Russia, especially with respect to sanctions. We saw that with the  Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions or CAATSA law passed  in 2017 with the support of 98 Senators.   Given the circumstances we face today, we need additional legislation  to protect American interests. That is why Senator Graham and I  introduced just yesterday the Defending America's Security from Kremlin  Aggression Act or DASKA, a bipartisan piece of legislation that is  joined by several of our Republican colleagues.   This comprehensive legislation will ensure our diplomats have the  tools to advance our interests and stand up to the bully in the  Kremlin. It includes new sanctions, as well as provisions designed to  harden our democratic institutions and make us less vulnerable to  attack. Perhaps most urgently, DASKA requires Senate consent, should  the President act on his desire to pull the United States out of NATO.  To risk letting this President pull our Nation out of a military  alliance so vital to America's security would be a tragedy fit for the  ages.   The collapse of NATO is No. 1 on Mr. Putin's wish list, and with  leaders like Secretary Mattis no longer around to babysit this  President, Congress has a responsibility to act. This bipartisan bill  is essential to giving the United States a more solid footing against  the Kremlin moving forward.   We should treat DASKA with urgency. The time to pass this legislation  is now. We need hearings, a vote on the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, and swift consideration on the floor of the Senate.   Likewise, we must finally pass legislation to protect the Mueller  investigation and to require that all Presidential candidates release  their tax returns.   I know, deep down, that many of my Republican colleagues share my  concerns. I have talked with them, a fair number of them, yet they are  afraid of angering the Party of Trump. Well, I believe that they would  be seen as American heroes.   Should the facts confirm our greatest fears to be true, I ask my  colleagues to consider what the history books will say about those who  knew the President of the United States might very well be compromised  by a foreign power, yet still did nothing. I am talking about my  Republican colleagues who seem to have numbed themselves to the latest  bombshell revelations about the President's posture on Russia.  Apparently, they don't want to know why Russia interfered in 2016 to  help Trump win. They don't want to know why the Republican platform's  strong language on Russia was watered down by the Trump team. They  don't want to know how someone deeply indebted to Russian oligarchs and  later caught giving polling data to Russian intelligence contacts  became chairman of the campaign. They don't want to know why Russia  began hacking Hillary Clinton's emails the same day that Candidate  Trump asked them to do so.  [[Page S1368]]    They don't want to know why the President undermines our intelligence  community and attacks law enforcement for investigating Russian  interference. They don't want to know why he seeks to dismantle NATO, a  pillar of security, prosperity, and the defense of western democratic  ideals. They don't want to know why he shares Putin's joy when discord  unfolds in Europe. They don't want to know why Trump forbade his  interpreter from disclosing the contents of his conversations with  Putin and took his notes. In short, they don't want to know the truth.   Well, now is not the time to ignore the facts or avoid the truth. We  are living in a time of unthinkable questions, and should the facts  reveal the most unthinkable of answers, we must do what is necessary to  protect the interests of the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   