 Mr. President, I come to the floor to join my colleagues  in expressing concern over the maybe well-intended but poorly  constructed policy in the Green New Deal.   First, I want to start by saying I have no intention of yielding  until the end of my remarks, but the one question I would have for  people across the aisle is, Do you actually support the Green New Deal?  Do you support it in the form it has been proposed? I can't imagine  that you do because you understand the math, you understand the  challenges, and you understand the reality that $65,000 a year is the  median household income in North Carolina.   So what we are talking about--the cost of the bill over 10 years is  roughly what the average North Carolinian family makes. We know that is  not sustainable. We know it is not sustainable to have our electric  bills increase by $3,800 a year. We know it is not sustainable to go  beyond just the energy components of the Green New Deal to other  aspects of the Green New Deal that just don't make sense.   So $93 trillion is not something I can get my head wrapped around. I  know that is the number we are talking about. But I think we can get to  the household impact and recognize that it is not sustainable, right?  So why are we having this discussion?    I do not yield.    Thank you, Mr. President.    I will state for any other Members who come in that I  have no intention of yielding. And in my time, in the 4 years I have  been here, it has never occurred to me to interrupt in the way that we  have been interrupted here, but maybe that actually gets to the point.  This bill, as proposed, doesn't work.   I want to go back and tell you, as a Member of the North Carolina  House, when I was in the minority as a Republican, I supported the  renewable portfolio standard. I went to my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle and said: What you are proposing is not sustainable. Let's  work together and do something different. And we did. That gave rise to  almost 13 percent of all the energy generated in North Carolina today  being generated from renewable sources. It gave rise to a sustainable  electric bill that is one of the most competitive in the country.   What has happened with the Green New Deal is that the people at the  extreme are preventing those of us who actually want to make progress  from having a reasonable discussion instead of shouting over each  other.   I don't care if it is $93 trillion, $43 trillion, or $10 trillion--it  is unsustainable. We can sit here and question the sources, but at the  end of the day, we all know that this was theater. This was something  that people  [[Page S1686]]  wanted to pitch. They wanted to win an election. But it was a dishonest  promise that could never be fulfilled.   If you take a look at the other provisions of this bill--guaranteed  jobs. I mean, it is reading like some sort of a socialist manifesto. As  somebody who grew up in a trailer park and who didn't get a degree  until I was 36 years old, I want an America that gives me an  opportunity, not an America that tells me what my job is and how much  money I am going to make.   So we have to have a realistic discussion about the Green New Deal.  We are pushing people into corners and not having a good discussion  about things we should be making progress on.   By the way, just out of levity, we even had some people go so far as  to say that maybe we should reduce the number of cows we have on the  planet because they create methane gas. I will not get into the gross  reasons as to why. So maybe the chicken caucus is in favor of getting  rid of cows or eating more cows.   Why don't we lower the temperature, recognize we have a proposal that  doesn't work, and recognize it was generally motivated by politics. And  when you take such an extreme stand, you should expect the other side  to come to the floor, just as we are doing today, and make it real.   