 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss why I voted in  opposition to the confirmation of Andrew Wheeler for the position of  Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.   Clean air and clean water are not only vital to our public health;  they are at the very heart of our economy. Nowhere is that more  apparent than in my home State of Michigan, where we are blessed to be  surrounded by the Great Lakes, a source of drinking water for more than  40 million people and the lifeblood of our State's multibillion-dollar  fishing, shipping, and tourism industries. That is why I spent my  entire career in public service fighting to protect our environment.   In the Michigan State Senate, I worked to ban oil drilling under the  Great Lakes to preserve our most precious source of drinking water.  When I represented the city of Detroit in the House of Representatives,  I fought to end harmful air pollution coming from piles of petcoke that  left homes coated in dust while being breathed into the lungs of  residents.   In my first term in Congress, I supported landmark climate change  legislation that sought to drastically reduce deadly greenhouse gas  emissions that are continuing to warm our planet at an unsustainable  rate. In the U.S. Senate, I led the charge to protect the Great Lakes  from pipeline spills and pressured industry to cut down their deadly  sulfur-dioxide emissions that give Michigan communities some of the  highest rates of asthma anywhere in the country.   I have championed these vital efforts because protecting our  environment in Michigan is in the best interest of everyone, and I will  never let up on that fight. There is so much more work to do and even  more pressing challenges ahead of us. We cannot afford to turn back the  clock on clean energy innovation or refuse to address climate change,  and that is, unfortunately, what we can expect from the EPA now that  Andrew Wheeler has been confirmed. His entire career has been devoted  to undermining public health and environmental protections.   As Acting EPA Administrator, he is personally responsible for the  most significant efforts to roll back our Nation's bedrock  environmental laws in the Agency's history. He oversaw the proposed  rollback of Clean Water Act protections that safeguard drinking water  for tens of millions of people. He is leading efforts to weaken  standards on the largest sources of greenhouse gases and to reduce  protections against climate change. When he was a Senate staffer, he  drafted the so-called ``Clear  [[Page S1581]]  Skies Act,'' which was directly intended to undermine the Clean Air  Act.   As a lobbyist for Murray Energy, Wheeler represented a company that  didn't just knowingly violate environmental laws but consistently put  its own employees' safety at risk by undermining basic protections for  coal miners. He has even undermined the widely supported mercury and  air toxics standards. These commonsense standards would have protected  people, particularly children, from a well-known neurotoxin that  impairs fetal brain development and reduces children's ability to  learn.   Every single one of these actions has a direct bearing on human lives  and has put people at risk. In Michigan we have witnessed firsthand the  visceral and painful human costs when public leaders fail to keep our  drinking water and our air quality safe. Just ask the people of Flint  whom they would want to have in charge of protecting their drinking  water. I can tell you it certainly is not Andrew Wheeler. The city, the  State, and the EPA all contributed to the crisis that poisoned  thousands of children through lead exposure, and now those children  will suffer lasting consequences for the rest of their lives.   While I am proud that the Senate was able to come together to provide  initial Federal funding to help Flint replace its lead pipes, the  community needs continued support going forward. I am committed to  doing everything in my power to ensure that the people of Flint are  made whole, and that included my opposing this nomination. We cannot  allow the failures of leadership that led to Flint's devastating crisis  ever be repeated again.   The people of Michigan and of every State deserve to know that their  air is safe to breathe and their water is safe to drink. Yet  communities across my State and around the country are facing another  emerging drinking water crisis. This time it is from toxic fluorinated  chemicals, known as PFAS, that are currently unregulated by the EPA.  Rigorous testing has found that 1 out of every 10 water systems in my  State has unacceptable high rates of PFAS chemicals. Families across  the State have been exposed to these dangerous chemicals that have been  linked to cancer, thyroid and heart problems, and even autoimmune  issues. But under Wheeler's leadership, the EPA has failed to take  aggressive action to list PFAS chemicals as hazardous waste and to  establish strong and forcible limits to protect drinking water and to  limit exposure to these toxic substances.   While I work to bring Senate action to this issue through legislation  and hearings, the Wheeler-led EPA thinks action can wait. Michigan  families certainly deserve better. My constituents are understandably  concerned about their drinking water, and they are rightfully skeptical  about who will be at the helm of the Agency charged with keeping water  safe.   Since Wheeler has failed to exercise the leadership needed to address  the environmental concerns we face on a national level, it is clear  that he is completely unprepared to lead the Agency charged with  tackling the global crisis of climate change. We must confront climate  change. I have been advocating for action since before I ran for  Congress. It is an issue impacting our economy, our health, our safety,  and our national security. I am committed to continuing to work with my  colleagues to find innovative and achievable solutions to address  climate change, but we also need a leader at the EPA who can find  commonsense ways to address this very serious threat, to protect our  environment, and to ensure that our country can remain economically  competitive. We need a leader who will fight to protect the people and  the interests of my State. Given his abysmal record, it is clear that  Andrew Wheeler isn't the right person for the job, and that is why I  voted against his confirmation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   