 Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    Madam Speaker, I am in its present form.    Madam Speaker, over 180 jurisdictions in the  United States, including our most populated cities and States have  passed laws prohibiting local law enforcement from cooperating with  Federal immigration officials.   In these sanctuary jurisdictions, local law enforcement is barred  from complying with lawful detainers from Immigration and Customs  Enforcement. An ICE detainer is a notice to another law enforcement  agency that ICE intends to assume custody of an illegal alien. It  includes information on their criminal history.   The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals found that ICE administrative  warrants, which, unlike criminal warrants, are not issued by a judge,  are, in fact, sufficient to detain in a county jail someone whom ICE  might deport, even if they have been granted bail or their charges have  been dropped.   Madam Speaker, there are many accounts of innocent men and women and  children murdered, raped, or assaulted by criminal aliens released by  sanctuary cities that refuse to comply with the ICE detainer.   In March 2018, ICE lodged a detainer on Martin Gallo-Gallardo, a  Mexican national, in the country illegally after locating him in an  Oregon county jail. Jail officials did not honor the immigration  detainer and released the convicted criminal. Seven months later, he  was arrested again, this time for killing his wife.   In February 2019, police in San Jose, California, arrested Carlos  Carranza, a Salvadorian national who had entered the country illegally,  in the brutal slaying of a 59-year-old woman that he just noticed on  the street. Carranza had an extensive criminal record, having been  arrested half a dozen times for assault, battery, and burglary. ICE  lodged seven detainers with local California authorities, yet, every  single time, local authorities released him without notifying ICE, and  now a mother of two is dead.   Sadly, I could go on and on with these horrible true stories. The  facts  [[Page H7975]]  are undeniable: sanctuary cities constitute a threat to public safety.  Meanwhile, as this body fails to act, the number of victims continues  to grow.   We are a nation of laws, and we must uphold our laws and not reward  State and local officials who deliberately and flagrantly disregard the  laws of this body.   When I was a State senator in Tennessee, we addressed the problem. I  authored a bill and added teeth to our sanctuary city laws, anti- sanctuary city laws, so any city that would choose to ignore the law  would lose their State economic funding.   It is time for Congress to act. Despite all of our disagreements, all  this bill does is allow the victims to be heard, that is it. It  requires the ombudsman created by this bill to collect their stories  and the data on these victims.   Under this amendment, any victim of a crime committed by an illegal  immigrant in a sanctuary jurisdiction can safely and securely file a  report with the ombudsman. This allows victims and their families an  opportunity to be heard by policymakers in Congress and by the  Department of Homeland Security.   Why would we not let the victims be heard?   The ombudsman will analyze reporting patterns, make recommendations  on how we decrease these incidents. This amendment would at least  provide an outlet for the growing number of victims and their families  to ensure that their stories are told. Hopefully, we will act tonight  on behalf of the victims.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   