 Mr. Speaker, when I was a freshman, in 2007, I was the  only Member of the House who chose Judiciary as their first committee  choice, at least the only Democrat. That gave me the opportunity to be  on John Conyers' committee, him being my chairman for 10-plus years,  and that was a blessing to me.   He taught me much. I would consider him my mentor. He taught me about  life; he taught me about Judiciary issues in the Congress. He taught me  about life.   John Conyers was a spirit. I sometimes thought of him kind of as like  a hippie because he had these ethereal thoughts about the way people  ought to be, and about caring about people, and about justice, and  about civil rights that was unlike thoughts you would hear from most  people.   But he was ahead of the hippies. He was ahead of Bernie Sanders. He  was ahead of so many people.   And we talk here today, so many people, about him being--which is all  true--the longest serving African American Member of Congress. But it  was more than that. He was a voice for truth on this floor before  people realized the truth was the truth. He was a voice for truth when  people just thought it was an African American guy talking about  African American issues. But it wasn't African American issues, it was  human issues. It was the essence of America, about justice, and  freedom, and opportunity, and right, and he espoused it at an early  time, when a lot of people didn't get it. People get it now.   Dr. King got a holiday. Dr. King was great, but people hated Dr. King  for years.   People didn't know about Rosa Parks, per se. He gave her a job, and  he put her on a pedestal, which she deserved to be.   I will tell you a story about John Conyers. When I was a freshman,  and I have an African American district, and some people weren't so  crazy about me being up here. John Conyers took me under his wing from  day 1.   I had a resolution to apologize for slavery and Jim Crow. I had that  resolution because I had suggested it to Bill Clinton in 1997 and wrote  him a letter when I was a State Senator and suggested he should sponsor  such a thing and have a dialogue about race in America. I got a  response from Bill Clinton, but it was gibberish and he didn't act upon  it.   But when I got elected to Congress and I was going through my letters  as a State Senator in my office, I came across that letter; and I said  to myself, I am a Congressman now and I can do something about it. I  don't have to write Bill Clinton and get a meaningless response.   So I introduced that resolution, heartfelt, and appropriate. Some  people didn't want it to come to the floor. Some didn't want a White  person to sponsor it. Some thought I was using it for politics to get  re-elected.   The fact is, my political consultant told me not to do it. He said:  ``You've got this race won. Don't do it. It can only hurt you.''   I said: ``You don't get it. I'm doing this because it matters to me,  to make it happen. It has mattered to me since 1997 when I was a State  Senator.''   So one day, I had my cell phone, low on power; and I had a staffer  bring from Longworth, where my office was, a charger, and I charged it  up in the Judiciary Committee.   I went back to Longworth and I couldn't find my cell phone. I had  forgotten where I had left it. I realized I left it charging in the  Judiciary Committee, so I went over there at the end of the day. That  is the only time that ever happened to me. It was about a week or 10  days before my election in August, just to put it in perspective. I  went there, and John Conyers was having a meeting with his staff on  what to do the next week.   We were in the midst of interviewing people on the Bush team, Alberto  Gonzales, and some lady from Liberty University who had done some stuff  that was questionable; and we were taking on the Bush Justice  Department which had done some egregious things.   I was a freshman, and pretty much in awe of John Conyers, and so I  was in the back room and he was in his office and he said: ``Steve,  come on in.''   Well, I was 10 feet high. I was going into a meeting with John  Conyers of what was going to go on that next week. They were tossing  about ideas about maybe bringing up an impeachment of George Bush and  some other issues. And I decided to throw out kind of a Doug Flutie  Hail Mary pass. I said: ``Well how about if we have an apology for Jim  Crow and slavery?''   And without a blink, John Conyers said: ``That's a great idea. Put it  on for next week.''   That is how it got scheduled. We came here, John Conyers managed the  time. It passed on a voice vote. I regretted that because I wanted to  have everybody vote on it, but John Conyers said, and properly so, take  your victory when you can get it.   We had a man on the other side, a Republican, who brought up some  insane babble about some Christians being thrown off a boat in the  Mediterranean by some Moroccans or something. What this had to with  slavery and Jim Crow was beyond any of us, and I wanted to respond to  it.   Mr. Conyers said: ``Let him be. Let's just pass this and move on.''  And he was right.   My proudest accomplishment as a freshman, and one of my proudest  accomplishments in this Congress, was the passage of that resolution.  It would not have happened but for John Conyers' sponsorship and  support. So I thank him for being a mentor, and teaching me so much,  and giving me that opportunity.   He did love jazz. We talked about jazz all the time. He played jazz  in his office. He had jazz musicians come up to any proceedings he had  in Washington and had them perform. And I learned about different jazz  people that I had previously not known about.   He came to Memphis to support me in my first term as the first  Congressperson to come there. He was honored with an April 4th  Foundation award, which goes to great, courageous leaders in civil  rights on the anniversary of the assassination of Dr. King. He was  given that award.    He came to Memphis also just to support me. He was a proud Kappa,  coming in his red coat. And all the Kappas were there with him, and the  Kappas loved him. He was a Kappa, and they loved it.   I thanked him for his service. I think about him almost every day up  here. We used to sit here together on the floor.   He would ride the escalators when he would leave the Judiciary  Committee. Sometimes I ride the escalators now, and I think about John  Conyers. It is not really the quickest way to go, but John Conyers did  it, and I do it.   So thank you, John Conyers, for teaching me so much, and for being a  great leader, a man beyond his years in terms of his knowledge, and his  spirit, and ahead of his time with his ideas of civil rights and  justice and fairness for all people.  [[Page H8535]]    God bless you.   