 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I do need to point out, while this bill had passed by a voice vote,  it does not mean that it did not have opposition, and I rise today to  express my concern with this bill which would establish this  whistleblower incentive program at the PCAOB.   Now, my opposition to this should not be interpreted as opposition to  a whistleblower--in fact, it is the opposite of that--or a  whistleblower program, but there are a number of reasons why I believe,  and I think are clear, that this is a redundant program that is already  covered in other ways.   First, the bill is at odds with established principles of  confidentiality that exist within the auditing profession. State laws  and professional standards require accounting professionals to maintain  the confidentiality of client information received in the course of  performing an audit. This bill purports to exclude from whistleblower  status any person who gains the information while performing audit  work.   However, the exclusion is muddled by an unclear and potentially broad  exception. As a result, it is very possible that personnel performing  audits may try to garner bounties by blowing the whistle on their audit  clients, contrary to their professional obligations.   By providing monetary incentives for audit personnel to go to the  PCAOB, the bill inevitably will have harmful effects on the auditor- audit client relationship, the audit process, and the public's  confidence in the financial reporting process.   This bill also raises other significant questions. For example, why  is a program at the PCAOB even necessary in light of the Security and  Exchange Commission's already well-established whistleblower program?  This is a completely redundant function that is being attempted here.   Additionally, what are the costs associated with setting up a new  whistleblower program, and will these costs force the PCAOB to divert  resources from other projects in order to get this duplicative program  off the ground?   So, in light of these concerns, I believe that this is a redundant  and ill-conceived bill that likely has one purpose: to provide another  avenue for plaintiffs' bar to enrich itself. That is a massive concern  that I and so many others involved in this have.   It is incumbent upon those who support this bill to explain why they  believe that auditors, who play such a critical gatekeeping function in  our capital markets, should be potentially offered the prospect of  monetary bounties at the expense of disrupting the effective  functioning of the audit process as it is today, especially in light of  the SEC's well-established whistleblower program that would cover all  of these particular circumstances.   Madam Speaker, I do appreciate the ranking member yielding time to  me.   