 Mr. Chairman, with 23 years of service as a Green Beret,  as a special operator with tours in the White House and the Pentagon, I  can assure my colleagues that my primary focus is the Floridians I  represent and the troops downrange.   There are many things that I support in this bill: support and  greater benefits for Gold Star families--although some of those  recently introduced are not fully funded; restricting additional  contracting with the Maduro regime; fully authorizing the Navy's anti- submarine warfare capability; and, of course, the emerging Space Corps.   But I would describe this bill is, in many ways, necessary, but in a  whole, not sufficient, particularly in seeking to close Guantanamo Bay  without sufficient alternatives that previous administrations and  Congresses have all, I think, sought to do in good faith; tying the  President's hands in protecting the border and on Iran; and, of course,  a wholly insufficient top line, as we have discussed here today, to  deal with the global threat that remains on terrorism, to deal with  China, to deal with Russia, Iran, North Korea, and other near-peer  threats.   Mr. Chairman, I hope this bill improves, sincerely, with amendments  on the floor to be worthy of the men and women downrange defending this  great country.    Mr. Chair, there is a distinct difference between  oversight and unnecessary micromanagement.   Protection of civilians is a fundamental part of military operations.   DOD standards and policies are some of the most stringent in the  world. No force in history has been more committed to limiting harm to  civilians than the U.S. military.   As a special operator who has had to make these decisions, we need to  be very careful of secondary effects of these types of reports, from  putting soldiers unnecessarily in harm's way, to pilots being overly  cautious to provide close air support, to terrorists living another day  to kill more civilians, ironically, because of this overreach and  overcaution.   Our policies and procedures are sufficient.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment.   