 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 206,  legislation that acknowledges the grave threat that terrorist  organizations and international drug cartels pose to our Nation's  financial system and economic system.   Introduced in the Financial Services Committee, this resolution  reaffirms that the House of Representatives supports efforts currently  under way in American and international financial institutions to  identify bad actors and hold them accountable for their crimes.   The stakes couldn't be higher. Just as financial transparency has  already helped us combat weapons of mass destruction, traffickers,  corrupt foreign actors, and terrorist financiers, it also serves as a  powerful weapon against organized criminal networks.   When criminals like El Chapo seek to exploit a complex and  interconnected financial system, we must seek to untangle and bring  clarity.   As we enhance financial transparency, we diminish a criminal's  ability to commit crimes. In fact, I would consider this an important  part of President Trump's efforts to secure our borders from those who  are actively trying to infiltrate our country to finance drug  trafficking and other criminal or terrorist activities.   Just as we need to build the wall at our southern border to keep out  drug cartels and gangs, we need to be securing our economy from those  who use the United States to conceal, launder, and move money generated  from illegal activity.   Given the global nature of money laundering and terrorist financing,  a secure national and multilateral framework is essential to the  integrity of our financial system here at home.   Simply put, we should be doing all that we can to give financial  institutions the tools they need to catch those who support the drug  cartels that infiltrate our southern border or illegally engage in  money laundering and terrorism financing.   For those reasons, I support this resolution and would like to thank  the ranking member and Chairwoman Waters for the time this afternoon.   