 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from the District of  Columbia for her generosity in time and consideration, as well as my  colleague and friend from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows), who supports  the legislation also.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Federal Advisory  Committee Act Amendments of 2019.   As was mentioned, I introduced this bill in previous Congresses, and  it most recently passed the House by voice vote in 2017, without  opposition.   This legislation fits well with the theme of Sunshine Week, as the  House joins together to address the need for more transparency in our  government.   The Federal Advisory Committee Act, or FACA, as it is known, was  originally enacted in 1972, as was mentioned, to ensure that the  advisory groups that provide counsel to the executive branch operate  with transparency.  [[Page H2671]]    Advisory committees provide the government with recommendations on a  wide range of issues of importance to the American public. For example,  advisory committees to the Department of Health and Human Services  provide advice about critical issues such as human trafficking. The  National Advisory Committee on the Sex Trafficking of Children and  Youth in the U.S. makes recommendations on Federal programs, such as  best practices to provide housing for children and youth who are  victims of trafficking. The individuals on that committee are trusted  to have experience relevant to the issues facing these children and  share their reports with child welfare agencies that provide direct  services around the country.   The bill we are considering today would strengthen FACA to make  Federal advisory committees more transparent and make agencies more  accountable in how they select and use their committees.   Under current law, agencies are able to avoid the requirements of  FACA by conducting advisory committee business through subcommittees,  as Ms. Norton mentioned.   This bill makes it clear that FACA applies to subcommittees as well  as their parent committees. The bill also clarifies that a committee  set up by a contractor is subject to FACA if it is formed under the  direction of the President or its agency.   Under FACA, agencies will be required to disclose how advisory  committee members are selected; whether they have financial conflicts  of interest; if they are appointed to provide their own expertise; and  who they work for, if they are representing a specific interest.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I hope  that the Senate will take it up quickly and send it to the President.   