 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following  leader remarks, on Tuesday, October 22, the time until 12 noon be  equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. I further  ask that all postcloture time on Treaties Calendar No. 5, Treaty  Document No. 116-1, expire at 12 noon tomorrow and that the Senate vote  on the ratification of the treaty.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 368, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent the resolution be agreed to, the  preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 200, H.R. 150.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  October 22; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, morning business be closed, and the Senate proceed to  [[Page S5929]]  executive session and resume consideration of Treaties Calendar No. 5,  Treaty Document No. 116-1, under the previous order; and, finally, that  the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the  caucus meetings.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:19 p.m., adjourned until  Tuesday, October 22, 2019, at 10 a.m.   