 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman's  courtesy in permitting me to speak on this and for organizing what I  think is one of the most important discussions that this Congress needs  to have.   Housing is fundamental. It has been the major source of wealth  generation for millions of middle-class Americans and an even greater  source of wealth accumulation for upper income Americans.   But, sadly, it has been a source of discrimination and widening  income inequality because of decades of systematic discrimination by  the Federal Government against people of color, especially African  Americans.   I am embarrassed that in my community, returning World War II  veterans were denied opportunities to live in neighborhoods where they  could actually afford the loans. The redlining practices denied them an  opportunity to be able to secure government-financed lending.   We had practices in the real estate industry that actively steered  people away from certain neighborhoods. We had areas where people  resisted allowing people of color to move in. The Federal Government  did not enforce constitutional antidiscrimination provisions.   Madam Speaker, the consequences of decades of neglect,  discrimination, and underinvestment is visible today in most major  American cities. It is obvious in my community, where we are seeing a  homeless population that is persistent and growing.   We are seeing in communities large and small people who are rent- burdened, as my colleagues have already referenced, with half the  people paying more than a third of their income, many of them over  half, if they can qualify as renters at all.   The Federal Government has systematically reduced its modest housing  footprint, not being involved in new housing construction for low- income and extremely low-income people.   There is no way, despite Ben Carson's mumbo jumbo, that those people  can be self-sufficient, in terms of housing. They need direct  government assistance.   The failure to have adequately housed them plays out in our streets.  Inadequate housing has health consequences. In fact, we are watching  now some of America's hospital systems realizing that fact and  investing in housing opportunities and wraparound services because  people who are not adequately housed actually cost society far more.   We are watching steps that are being taken in the private sector to  recognize that this is the quickest way to close that income inequality  gap. It is the quickest way to strengthen communities. In fact, it has  profound consequences for education.   Children who are housed not in concentrated poverty but in housing  opportunities that integrate them into broader communities have much  better performance in schools without increasing the number of  teachers, without increasing the per capita spending per pupil. Where  those children live is the most profound indicator of future academic  success.   I have been troubled with this issue for years. This summer, I spent  time developing a report on why the Federal Government needs to get  back into the housing game. It is entitled ``Locked Out: Reversing  Federal Housing Failures and Unlocking Opportunity.'' It is available  on my website.   Madam Speaker, I am deeply concerned that we finally recognize  housing is a fundamental right. The United Nations recognized it as a  fundamental human right in 1948, and we are a long way from that point.   We need to invest in reducing the shortage of 7 million affordable  rental homes available to extremely low-income people. No State has an  adequate supply of affordable homes.   I propose building 12 million new public housing units and fully  funding all the maintenance need in the existing public housing stock  rather than slowly starving the authorities in their ability to  maintain an adequate housing stock.   I think it is past time to create a renter's tax credit to cover the  difference between the rent and wages or making Section 8 vouchers an  entitlement program available for all who qualify.   Yes, it will be expensive, but we are already spending huge amounts  of money subsidizing housing. The problem is that the subsidies go to  people who need the help the least. The mortgage interest deduction  provides most of the support for people at the upper income levels,  people who already have housing. In countries around the world that  don't even have a mortgage interest deduction, there is no great  variation in homeownership rates.   We can adjust that now. There is an opportunity for us, and I have  proposed equalizing the benefit of the mortgage interest deduction by  converting it into a credit so that it treats people at various income  levels equally.   I also think it is past time to eliminate a mortgage interest  deduction for second homes and, instead, invest that money in helping  people who don't have housing today.   It may seem to some that these are ambitious proposals, but I would  suggest that the cost of past discrimination, the cost of inaction,  costs us far more in terms of wasted human potential, increased law  enforcement, increased health costs, and poor academic performance.   Madam Speaker, I deeply appreciate my colleagues coming forward with  this discussion and working together on provisions that can make a  difference.   We just had the Republicans pass the largest transfer of wealth in  America's history, adding $2 trillion to our national debt and doing  nothing to deal with the housing crisis. In fact, it created housing  burdens in States by wiping out the deduction for State and local  income taxes, for instance.   I think it is time for us to stop paying for failure, to reassess our  policies, to reverse decades of past discrimination, and to do things  that will make a difference for American families.   