 Mr. President, the end of the fiscal year for the U.S.  Government came and went without a new funding bill in place. It was a  big disappointment because this summer I thought we had reached an  agreement on a 2-year budget package designed to make the  appropriations process much simpler and eliminate the uncertainty that  comes from continuing resolutions and stop-start funding for government  agencies.   We agreed to topline funding for defense and nondefense spending. It  was a big deal. There was also a promise not to derail the process with  poison pill policy riders, and we got it done with plenty of time to  spare.   I remember at the time thinking, hey, maybe we can help restore some  regular order and put the function back in Congress rather than the  dysfunction. But, unfortunately, politics got in the way. When the time  came last month to make good on the promises that were made during that  2-year budget cap deal, Senate Democrats blocked a bill to fund our  national defense. You heard me right. Senate Democrats blocked the  appropriations for our national defense.   If there is one thing we should make a priority here in Washington,  DC, it is protecting our country, keeping our men and women in uniform  adequately trained with the equipment and the resources they need in  order to fight and win the Nation's wars, and, even better, to prevent  a war from being fought in the first place.   But our Democratic colleagues simply blocked it. It wasn't a  disagreement over the amount. No, it was something they had already  agreed to last summer. They blocked the bill because, frankly, they  don't want President Trump to have any sort of wins here, even when it  undermines our national security.   It was a remarkable show of priorities. Their animosity toward the  President exceeded their desire to see funding flow to the men and  women in uniform and to defend the Nation. We could have provided our  troops with the largest pay raise in a decade. We could have sent vital  funding to our military as they battle looming threats around the  world. We could have put the appropriations process back on track and  restored the basic functioning of Congress. But, no, our Democratic  colleagues chose to put politics ahead of any of that.   With our only options being a government shutdown or a short-term  funding bill, we chose the lesser of two evils. But it is still evil in  the sense that it is much less than we should be doing to serve the  Nation and serve our constituents. We pushed the deadline, and we  kicked the can down the road to November 21. We hoped our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle would have a change of heart, but now they  have proved us wrong.   Democrats have blocked money for the military again and again. This  is beginning to feel like ``Groundhog Day.'' They continue choosing to  put their ongoing feud with the President before our most important  responsibility as a Congress: to provide for the common defense.   As if we needed to be reminded of the importance of our strong  military, earlier this week, our highly skilled Special Forces troops  took out the leader of ISIS, one of the most feared and dangerous  terrorist leaders in the world. That terrorist is no longer a threat,  thanks to the men and women of our military--Special Forces, in  particular.   It was a tremendous victory for the United States and for our allies  and underscored the need for us to continue to support our troops by  funding the Defense bill. For our forces to continue fighting and  risking death and injury itself while defeating evil in every corner of  the world, they need our support, and there is no more tangible way to  demonstrate that support than for Congress to pass this funding bill.   We also know, because of the need to plan, they need stability. They  need a long-term funding bill and not just to stop-start, kick the can  down the road a few weeks, and then come back and refight the same  fights over and over and over again. That is really a pathetic response  to our duty to help support our men and women in uniform. They need the  unwavering support of every man and woman in this Chamber.   But, right now, our Democratic colleagues seem content just to say  no, to get in the way, and to block this funding. Will they pay any  price for doing that? I don't know. They don't seem to really  particularly care.   I have no doubt that this obstruction is tied to the obsession that  the House  [[Page S6353]]  of Representatives has to remove President Trump from office. We have  heard over and over again from our Democratic colleagues that  impeachment will not interfere with their ability to legislate and to  get work done, but their actions speak louder than words.   While I think the decision to block defense funding is the most  egregious example so far, it is far from the only one. The extent to  which they will go to try to defeat and slow down and impede the  President and anything he might be able to point to as a victory--here  is another example.   It has been more than a year since the landmark trade agreement  between Mexico and Canada was announced, but we are still waiting for  Speaker Pelosi to show the green light and pass the USMCA and send it  to the Senate, where I am sure it will pass overwhelmingly. This  agreement will provide billions of dollars in economic growth, new jobs  here at home, and greater stability for our economy, but we haven't  been able to reap those benefits because the agreement is being stalled  in the House.   Well, why is that? Well, it could be because they are obsessed with  and preoccupied with impeachment, and they can't seem to get anything  else done. The Speaker claims progress is being made, but it has been  the same song and dance for months with nothing to show for it.   In the Senate, unfortunately, things aren't a lot different. A bill I  introduced with our Democratic colleague, Senator Blumenthal from  Connecticut, to reduce drug prices, has gotten caught in the crosshairs  of this partisan fighting too. This bill has broad bipartisan support.  It would lower Federal spending by more than one-half billion dollars  in over 10 years. It would also save consumers out-of-pocket costs for  prescription drugs.   According to Politico, the Democratic leader is blocking the bill,  despite the fact that folks in both parties in Congress, as well as the  President, have said that they are eager to pass legislation to reduce  drug prices. The Democratic leader will not let it come to the floor.   To me, this is the greatest example of our dysfunction here: When the  President is for something, when Democrats are for something, when  Republicans are for something, when the House is for something, when  the Senate is for something, we still can't seem to get it done. That  is a hard one to explain. Sadly, the list doesn't stop there.   Here is another example. Earlier this year, the Senate unanimously-- unanimously--passed a bill I introduced to reauthorize the Debbie Smith  Act. This program supplies funding to State and local crime labs to  test DNA, or forensic evidence, and to reduce the rape kit backlog. It  is about as nonpartisan an issue as they come. Unfortunately, that  didn't make it immune from the gamesmanship in the House. After months  of refusing to act on this bill, we sent it over--I think it was in  May. They did nothing for a long time, and they allowed the Debbie  Smith Act to expire.   When something as noncontroversial as reducing the rape kit backlog  gets politicized, you know you are in trouble. Well, I was finally glad  to see last week that the House changed its tune, thanks to a lot of  pressure both from within and without, because their refusal to  reauthorize the Debbie Smith Act and this critical rape kit backlog  funding was indefensible. So I am hopeful we can get that bill to the  President's desk now after this long and unnecessary delay.    We all knew that the Democratic obsession with removing the President  from office began before he was inaugurated, but no one expected it to  get this far out of hand or for the dysfunction to be so pervasive.  Their impeach-at-any-cost attitude has now brought the work of Congress  to a screeching halt. Legislation is collecting cobwebs in the corner  while our Democratic colleagues are conducting secret hearings behind  closed doors in an effort to reverse the 2016 election.   While they are continuing this charade here in Washington, their  constituents are likely wondering what it is their elected  representatives are doing to make their lives better at home. Are they  passing bills to bring down drug prices, like the bill I have with  Senator Blumenthal? Are they trying to strengthen the economy by  improving trading relationships among Mexico, Canada and the United  States? Are they passing legislation to support our men and women in  the military?   I am sad to say that for our Democratic colleagues, the answer to  each of those questions is no--no time for tackling the big problems  but plenty of time for the politics of trying to remove the President  from office, 1 year before the next general election.   Speaker Pelosi knows this is going to divide the country, and it is  going to occupy everyone's attention here in Washington, DC, until it  is concluded, and she also knows that the likelihood of getting 66  votes in the Senate to convict the President and to remove him is  incredibly unlikely. It has never happened in our Nation's history,  even though President Nixon did resign. No previous President who has  been impeached has actually been convicted and removed from office.   The inability to separate their obsession with the President from  their duties here in Congress should be embarrassing.   Impeachment may consume the news cycle, but it shouldn't stop all of  us from working together in the best interests of our constituents and  the American people. I hope our Democratic colleagues will reconsider.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   