 Mr. President, it has been a few weeks since I have  been able to come to the floor and speak about an Alaskan in my State  who is making the State a much better place. It is one of my favorite  times of the week. I think it is one of the pages' favorite times of  the week, by the way. Nearly every week when we are in session, I come  down to the floor and bring attention to someone in Alaska who is doing  something that may be is recognized by the country, by the State, or  maybe by the community, or maybe not recognized at all. We like to  celebrate this person. We call that person our Alaskan of the Week.   Alaska can feel a little bit far away from the rest of the country--a  little bit like our own country sometimes, given our distance--but it  is definitely part of this great Nation.   Although we don't have a major professional sports team--some  actually say the professional sport of Alaska is politics--just like  the rest of America, we love our sports. Of course, we are big fans of  winter sports--hockey, cross-country skiing, snow-machining, dog  mushing, ice skating. But we are also pretty big football fans.   Just like Americans throughout the country, last Sunday we were with  family and friends tuned into America's most watched sporting event of  the year, the Super Bowl. Many Alaskans watched the Super Bowl this  year with special interest because we caught sight of one of our own-- our Alaskan of the Week, Camdyn Clancy.   Let me talk a little bit about Camdyn. Last time I was here a couple  of weeks ago, I recognized our oldest Alaskan of the Week ever, 100- year-old Urban Rahoi, from Fairbanks, AK. He is a great American and a  World War II veteran, and he is from the greatest generation. He is 100  years old.   This week, Camdyn, who is 8 years old, is our youngest Alaskan of the  Week to date. We are really proud of him just for that. Camdyn lives in  Juneau, our State's capital, with his mother Hannah, who is a medical  technician at Bartlett Hospital, and his father Brett, who is a  firefighter. Last week, Camdyn experienced the dream of a lifetime for  a young boy, which was made possible after he won the NFL PLAY 60 Super  Kid contest.   What is that? On Super Bowl Sunday, Camdyn delivered the official  game ball to the officiating crew just before kickoff, which is a  pretty big deal for an 8-year-old. The days leading up to the game, he  acted as the NFL's official kid correspondent, interviewing several  Rams and Patriots players. You might have seen some of his interviews  on the internet. They have literally gone viral.   What did he do to win the trip? For one, Camdyn loves all sports, but  he really loves football. In fact, his parents took him to a Seattle  Seahawks game when he was just 4 years old. Like I said, he really  loves football, and it showed as he was competing to win this national  Super Bowl competition. He showed it during a video that his mom Hannah  filmed in front of Mendenhall Glacier in Juneau, AK, where his  dedication to the game of football really shone through.   He has played the past 4 seasons in the Juneau Youth Football League,  coming off his own championship season, where he was the star  quarterback of the team. When he gets home from school, he practices  football every single night. He encourages others--the whole  neighborhood, in fact--to play, including boys, girls, and anyone who  will throw the football around with him.   It is not always easy to play football on your street in Alaska in  the winter. By the time school is out, depending where you are in the  State--but for most of the State--the sun has already set. It is  usually snowy. What does Camdyn do? He wears a headlamp to practice  football in the winter in Alaska. That is dedication. His mother said:  ``He faces challenges that a lot of kids in the lower 48 don't.'' She  said that is probably why he won this huge Super Bowl football contest.   The Super Bowl officials saw this dedicated young man in Alaska who  loves football. He also probably knows more football stats than any  other kid in Alaska. In the community, he is known as the football  ``Rain Man'' with his stats on football.   The Super Bowl players this year got a lot of questions from  reporters, and Camdyn was one of them, as the official youth  correspondent for the NFL. For example, he got to ask Rams' quarterback  Jared Goff what was going through his head when Greg Zuerlein kicked  the 57-yard field goal that clinched the NFC Championship Game against  the Saints.   ``I was nervous,'' Goff told Camdyn. ``I was really nervous. It hit  me right then that if he makes this, we are going to the Super Bowl.''   He also got to interview the Patriots' star quarterback, Tom Brady,  who smiled at Camdyn and shook his hand when Camdyn approached with a  microphone in hand to interview Tom Brady before the game.   Here was his question to quarterback Tom Brady: ``How are you able to  focus despite the negative fan base . . . AKA, the haters?''  [[Page S1116]]    After a laugh, Tom Brady said: ``We love them. We love them right  back. We don't hate back.''   That is a classy answer from one of the game's greatest. Camdyn later  called the interview with Tom Brady ``mind blowing.'' He loved it.  After he attended media day, we actually reached out to Camdyn and  asked him what he learned during the event at the Super Bowl. He said:  ``Some of the players get a bad rap, but when you speak to them, they  are really nice--like Ndamukong Suh. He was really nice.''   Camdyn said he loves the physical aspect of the game of football. He  loves winning, and he loves the competition, but what he and his  parents really love is how it can mold a person's character through  hard work and perseverance. Being a good person is also key, Camdyn  said. ``That really reflects the performance and how much people want  to play.''   When asked what he wants to do when he is older, of course, Camdyn  mentioned two potential professional paths. One, of course, is to be a  pro football quarterback. I think he has a lot of potential to do that.  The next would be a firefighter, just like his dad.   Camdyn, thank you for representing Alaska last week at the Super Bowl  in Atlanta. We were so proud of you. Thanks for being an inspiration to  your community and our State. Thanks to the NFL for inspiring kids like  Camdyn, and thanks to Brad and Hannah Clancy for raising such a great  kid. Congratulations on winning the NFL PLAY 60 Super Kid contest, and  congratulations on being our Alaskan of the Week--the youngest Alaskan  of the Week ever. Great job, Camdyn.   I yield the floor.   