 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, for the past few weeks, including this  morning, the Republican leader has amazingly accused the Democrats of  being uninterested in making progress for the American people because  we are so distracted by the impeachment inquiry into President Trump.  It is a ludicrous charge, not the least because Leader McConnell has  shuttered the Senate when it comes to legislative business.   The House has passed over 250 bills that Leader McConnell has taken  no action on here in the Senate. Leader McConnell proudly called  himself the Grim Reaper and blocked just about everything that came  through the House long before impeachment was even being talked about.  So this idea that impeachment is blocking us from doing things belies  Senator McConnell's record. Let me repeat it. The House has passed 250  bills, and Senator McConnell has taken no action on them from January  forward.   There are lots of these bills we could have put on the floor this  week, but there has been not a one. The Republicans just block and  block. They block legislation to protect Americans with preexisting  conditions, to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, and even to  secure our elections from foreign interference.   A few minutes ago, I heard Leader McConnell say that everything was  fine with the elections and that we don't need any more legislation. Go  talk to the election officials around the States. The States are the  ones that have the say. The bottom line is they think we need to do  more, and the experts think we need to do more. Only Leader McConnell  doesn't. Again, he is blocking that. If Russia interferes in 2020--and  I hope it will not--all eyes will be on the Republican leader, who has  repeatedly prevented us from moving forward on bipartisan legislation  to make our elections safer.   To show another example of the legislative graveyard, in a few  minutes, the two Senators from Connecticut--Murphy and Blumenthal--will  be moving forward on bipartisan background checks, H.R. 8. It is  overwhelmingly supported by the American people. Senator Murphy and  Senator Blumenthal will ask for unanimous consent, and the Republicans  will object. So, while the Republican leader accuses the Democrats of  being too distracted to make progress, he has turned the Senate into a  legislative graveyard, where we hardly ever vote on legislation, where  we hardly ever have an open amendment process, where we hardly ever  debate major issues. This is despite commitments that have been made by  the Republican leader in the past. At one point, he said--and I am sure  my colleagues from Connecticut will point this out--yes, we ought to do  something on background checks. Yet nothing has happened--nothing.   You don't even have to ask me. My friend the Republican Senator from  Pennsylvania, Mr. Toomey, said something last week that caught my  attention. He and I may not agree on much, but here is what he said:  ``Our Democratic colleagues have frequently criticized the Republican  leadership and Republican majority for not legislating. Sometimes they  have a point.'' Those are his words, not mine.   I was here on the floor yesterday with the senior Senator from Texas,  and we talked about how the Senate might go about trying to lower the  costs of prescription drugs. I disagreed with the Senator's unanimous  consent request, as it was too narrow a rifle shot. We need to do a  whole lot more. Yet we agreed we could work through the issues if the  Republican leader would only allow a debate on the floor whereby both  sides could offer amendments and receive votes. We Democrats very much  want to vote on legislation that would maintain protections for the  people who have preexisting conditions. We Democrats very much want to  have a vote on allowing Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies  to dramatically lower drug prices. Let's have a debate on all of these.  Who is stopping that? It is not the Democrats. It is the Republican  leader.   The fact of the matter is, the kinds of open debates for which we  wish and the American people wish have not happened in Leader  McConnell's legislative graveyard. The man who proudly called himself  the Grim Reaper goes far too far in accusing the Democrats of stifling  progress. Instead, he should take a hard look in the mirror.   