 Mr. President, I join my colleagues on the floor today to  point out that 2 years ago, we had an opportunity in the Congress to  reform the Tax Code. The Tax Code, basically, was the one enacted in  1986. In 2017, we had an opportunity to reform that Tax Code, and that  opportunity was missed.   What the Republicans did, instead of engaging in a truly bipartisan  process that would have used the expertise of all Members of Congress,  they went on a partisan mission in order to help big corporations and  wealthy taxpayers at the expense of middle-income taxpayers and fiscal  responsibility. As a result, our children and grandchildren will pick  up the tab for this bill, and those who are going to benefit will not  be middle-income families. They are the losers. The ones who are going  to benefit will be big corporations and wealthy taxpayers.   Let me just talk about some things that should be the basic  ingredients for tax reform.   First, it should be fair to the taxpayers of this country. The tax  bill that was enacted 2 years ago was certainly not fair. It failed in  that test. As I pointed out, who benefited? Large corporations  benefited dramatically by this bill, but they said: Look, we will pass  it on to the workers. Yet did they pass it on to the workers? In 2018,  $1.1 trillion was used to repurchase stock to make the wealthiest even  wealthier, and it did not go to the benefit of the workers. The benefit  was the greatest on the personal income tax side as it went to the  highest income taxpayers. They are the ones who benefited the most, and  it was not fair to middle-income taxpayers.   Secondly, a tax reform bill should be fiscally responsible. After  all, we have taxes in order to raise revenue, in order to pay for  services so we don't borrow from the future--from our children and  grandchildren--to pay for what we are doing today. The administration  said this would be a fiscally responsible bill. The verdict is back,  and $2 trillion has been added to the national deficit--$2 trillion. It  has certainly failed on fiscal responsibility. Corporate taxes have  gone down 40 percent. So we have given a break to corporations at the  expense of our deficit. Who is picking up the bill? Middle-income  taxpayers are picking up the bill.   Thirdly, the Tax Code should be efficient, and we should try to make  it as simple as possible. No one can argue that the 2017 tax bill has  simplified the Tax Code or has made it more efficient. To the contrary,  we are now told we are going to need technical corrections because of  the mistakes that were included in it. I can say, in my talking to many  individuals who had the plan based upon the Tax Code, that there is  [[Page S6966]]  so much more uncertainty in the Tax Code now than there was prior to  the passage of the 2017 tax bill.   Who is going to pick up the tab? Middle-income taxpayers are going to  pick up the tab, and let me just give you some examples.   The 2017 bill included a limitation on State and local tax  deductions, and let me just talk a little bit about the taxpayers of  Maryland. Almost 50 percent of Maryland's taxpayers used the itemized  deduction and took the advantage of taking off of their Federal taxes  what they paid in State and local taxes so they didn't have a tax on a  tax. As a result of the limitations that were imposed in 2017, these  taxpayers are now no longer able to take the full amount of the State  and local tax deductions. In fact, because of the full changes,  Maryland's number is down to about 25 percent when we did have almost  50 percent taking advantage of itemized deductions. We have lost about  half of those filers who today can't take any of those tax deductions.   This is an affront to federalism, and it also hurts middle-income  taxpayers. It is philosophically wrong to have a tax on a tax. So the  verdict is in with Maryland taxpayers, and the average refunds are down  6 percent. The refunds are what middle-income taxpayers depend on, and  they are down in our State.   It has also affected the ability of State and local governments to  provide essential services that are important for all citizens. Yet  whether it is their support for public education, public safety, et  cetera, these essential services are very much dependent on middle- income families. All of those are now being stressed because of the  restrictions on State and local tax deductions.   Let me also talk about middle-income taxpayers. They don't benefit  from the corporate tax cuts, which I already pointed out, but these tax  cuts were made permanent. The individual tax changes were temporary in  nature. Again, this hurts middle-income families.   Lastly, let me point out that it was advertised by this  administration that it would strengthen our economy. When you take a  look at the first six quarters since the passage of the 2017 tax  giveaway to the wealthy families and corporations, the gross domestic  product has grown about 2.5 percent, which is far less than what the  administration predicted. If you take the six quarters before the  passage of the bill, it had gone up by 2.6 percent. So there has  actually been a slight decline, and we haven't seen a boost to the  economy.   There is a better way to do this as this bill ignores small business.  I have the opportunity of being the ranking Democrat on the Committee  on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, and we have had many  discussions with small business leaders who tell us this tax bill  actually hurts them--it doesn't help them--because they don't pay the C  rate but, rather, the individual rate, and the pass-throughs that were  put in here don't benefit small companies. So, when we are talking  about helping the driver of our economy--small business--the tax  giveaway 2 years ago has made it even more difficult.   The better way is to work in a true bipartisan fashion and engage all  Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. Let us truly change our  Tax Code so that middle-income families benefit and so that we don't  burden future taxpayers by our making irresponsible changes that are  not fully funded. Let's do it in a way in which it will help the growth  of our economy. That is what we should be doing. There was a missed  opportunity 2 years ago, and it is moving the Nation in the wrong  direction.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   