 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues,  Senator Murray and Senator Jones, to call upon the Senate to pass the  Fostering Undergraduate Talent by Unlocking Resources for Education  Act--the FUTURE Act--today because that future is today.   Should the Senate fail to act on this legislation, hundreds of  minority-serving institutions and historically Black colleges and  universities across America are going to face some drastic funding cuts  that could jeopardize the education of millions of students of color  nationwide. Collectively, these institutions serve nearly 6 million  undergraduate students throughout the United States, two-thirds of whom  come from communities of color.   Without these Federal dollars for MSIs, we will be facing the  potential for job losses, the possible closure of important academic  programs, and most importantly, the doors of educational opportunity  slamming shut for young men and women of color across this  country. Minority-serving institutions have long enjoyed bipartisan  support in this body. It is perplexing and concerning to think that the  Senate would depart for recess without passing this critical  legislation.    In the coming years, these institutions of higher learning will play  an increasingly vital role in our increasingly diverse Nation. Consider  that, already, Hispanic children make up one out of every four children  in America's public schools and counting. Of these students,  approximately one out of five will go to college. And when they do,  two-thirds of them will wind up studying at a Hispanic-serving  institution. Can we, as a nation, really afford to shortchange their  education?   In representing a community that is already such a large part of the  American population--one out of four is going to be one out of three in  just a couple of years--can we afford to shortchange their education  and, as such, the success of this country, which demands that we do  not?   Just last Thursday, this body joined me to unanimously pass my  bipartisan resolution honoring Hispanic-serving institutions week. But  it is hard to take seriously our words of support for minority-serving  institutions if we fail to back up those words with real action.  Unfortunately, that is where we stand today--on the cusp of skipping  town without voting to properly fund these institutions.   Across America, 523 Hispanic-serving institutions in 25 States, the  District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico serve more than 2 million hard- working Latino and Latina students who dream of a college education. I  know this dream well. Indeed, my own story began at a Hispanic-serving  institution, even though that designation did not yet exist at the  time. I was the first in my family to attend college, and I did so at  St. Peter's College in Jersey City, NJ. It is because of the professors  and educators at St. Peter's, who recognized that not all children  arrive at college with the same advantages or opportunities for upward  mobility, that I am here today--one of four Hispanic-American Senators.   It is a story that is repeated not only in Hispanic-serving  institutions but at HBCUs and other MSIs across the country that help  students from underserved communities overcome the odds and reach their  true potential.   This isn't a Democratic or Republican issue. The House passed this  bill by voice vote. It was such an easy vote that they didn't even  require a rollcall. I understand that there are many other issues  facing our higher education system, and I appreciate that. I am  committed to working with my colleagues--particularly Senators  Alexander and Murray, the chairman and ranking member of the HELP  Committee--to help create a system in this country that helps serve all  of our students and prepares America's workforce to compete all around  the world. Yet the fact is that these minority-serving institutions  face a funding cliff if we fail to act.   Let's not make our students of color pay the price while we continue  to debate the broader issues facing our higher education system. Let's  pass the FUTURE Act today.   I yield the floor.   