 Mr. Speaker, I just want to say at the outset that the  condescending tone towards our side by the previous speaker is really  uncalled for, and, quite frankly, it is unparliamentary in and of  itself.   When he talks about political points being unconscionable, that may  be an understatement.   Let me just tell you something. When I was down at the border  recently, the DEA informed me of a little girl who was forced to take  care of two young children. She is the age of 11. She had been  trafficked. She had been trafficked by cartels right into Charleston,  South Carolina.   Right there, at that position, many people--40 or more people--had  used that location in Charleston as a sponsor to be released under the  catch-and-release problem that we have, because we are overcrowded at  the border. We have no place to keep them.   This bill doesn't fix that. This bill doesn't fix that. If you wanted  to take care of a humanitarian issue, you would give ICE some money for  beds.   And that little girl, age 11, is taking care of two young boys--until  what? Until that cartel affiliate in Charleston, South Carolina, could  send those three children back to be used on the border for a faux  family unit to come back in.   That is what is unconscionable, the fact that we are not funding ICE  when ICE has a 10,000-bed shortage, when CBP has a 15,000-bed shortage.   You want to talk about lack of humanitarian care: This bill doesn't  take care of that because the bill from my colleagues across the aisle  does not address giving ICE and CBP what they need to hold on to  people, so you can keep families together.   That is the reality of the situation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   So, that program that my colleagues across the aisle are putting  together in this bill enshrines catch-and-release. It also facilitates  human trafficking--it does--just like we saw with the little girl who  was sent to Charleston, South Carolina, and was going to be sent back  and used by cartels as a fake family unit.   That is what is unconscionable here, and I would urge my colleagues  to oppose the rule.   