 Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Chair, here we go again. Just like yesterday, our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle voted to criminalize the transfer of a  firearm between two law-abiding citizens.   Today, they further reveal this interest by bringing up a bill that  would prohibit law-abiding citizens from ever being able to acquire  firearms. And that is not hyperbole, Madam Chair; it is fact.   Let me briefly explain how that would happen. Allow me to walk  through the mechanics of this legislation.   Let's start at the beginning of the month. Assume I went to a Federal  firearms licensee, an FFL, to purchase a firearm on Friday, February 1,  of this month. Under H.R. 1112, the FBI's NICS system has 10 business  days to respond to the FFL.   The tenth business day is a Friday, February the 15th. If, after  those 10 business days, NICS does not okay the transfer, I must file a  petition with the Department of Justice certifying that I have no  reason to believe that I am prohibited by Federal, State, or local law  from purchasing or possessing a firearm.   Once that petition is filed, the NICS system has an additional 10  days to make a determination. That would be Monday, March 5, in our  example because February 18 was a Federal holiday and not a business  day.   If, at the conclusion of the 20 business days waiting period, NICS  does not deny the transfer, I could then acquire the firearm.   But wait, Madam Chair. Under existing law, the NICS background check  is only valid for 30 calendar days from the date it is initiated. Under  our example, that would be Saturday, March the 2nd, which is 2 days  before my petition is required to be acted upon.  [[Page H2278]]    At that point, I would be required to start the process over again  entirely. There could be no end to this cycle.   Now, I am not sure if H.R. 1112 was written this way out of just  messed-up writing or malice. I am not sure. But it does do this, and  there is no mistaking what is written.   As I have said many times, we do not vote on aspirational ideas in  this Chamber. They are great to debate, but we do not vote on  aspirational ideas. We vote on words on paper, and words on paper are  just as I have described.   I will let the American people determine what the intent was here.  However, as I noted yesterday, in the rush to put this to the floor,  they did not bother to fix some several major issues.   We also know, as we go forward in this that this indefinite and  perpetual delay of the transfer of firearms to law-abiding citizens is  perhaps the intent of this bill.   Keep in mind, under current law, an FFL has the option to transfer  the firearm after 3 business days unless the transfer has been denied  by NICS.   I would contend that 3 business days is not instant and a month is  anything but instant, particularly as technologies continue to advance.   These laws have real-world consequences, and consequences can be  deadly.   Carol Bowne was a New Jersey resident with a restraining order  against her ex-boyfriend. Her application for a firearm took longer  than 40 days to process, and he stabbed her to death while she was  waiting to legally protect herself.   Let that sink in.   This bill would empower abusers and violent predators by making their  victims more vulnerable.   Madam Chair, we oppose this legislation. It doesn't make sense in its  current form. It will do nothing to make our communities safer, but it  will make it harder for law-abiding citizens to exercise their Second  Amendment rights and to defend themselves and their families.   Madam Chair, I am not often going to be able to say this, but I am  joined today by the ACLU, who is opposing this bill and scoring against  this bill.   It is not ready for prime time. It is ready to go back to actually  have hearings and actually do markups and actually work with this bill.   I appreciate the gentleman, especially, from South Carolina's intent.  No one fights stronger for his constituency than the gentleman from  South Carolina. This is just not the right piece of legislation at the  right time for the reasons that I spoke of, that have nothing to do  with the intent. It has everything to do with words on paper. Remember,  Madam Chair, that is what we vote on, not aspirational ideas.   With that, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Look, I have great sympathy for what the gentleman from South  Carolina just spoke of. But, also, I have even greater sympathy for the  fact it could have been avoided and had nothing, frankly, to do at the  end when the FBI under Mr. Comey actually admitted that there were  mistakes made. The FBI could have stopped that instead of letting it  happen. They saw problems. They let it go. It could have stopped.   This was already in law, Madam Chair. It could have stopped.   Yes, what I laid out for you is not just simply 20 business days,  when you look at the fact that, coupled with other restrictions, it can  do what we said.   I have great sympathy and grief for every loss of life, no matter  where it comes from. But to simply say that this would have fixed it,  when the FBI and others knew they could have fixed it at that moment  and could have went later and got the guns, because there was a delay  even in the horrific act that happened--again, we are simply talking  about what is on the paper.   Madam Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McClintock).    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Cline).    Madam Chair, I yield as much time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I am actually glad, and one  thing I will agree on with my friend just now is I do agree that there  is a right to life, and that is why I would love to see this House  bring forth the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which  also protects life as well.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Chair, I do appreciate the gentleman from New York clarifying  that, but he just clarified it in the very way--because we had brought  this up. It was late in the day, and we brought this up, and this  language was offensive. And, frankly, Ms. Lofgren, who was in the chair  at the time, presented this language as an alternative to get us to a  place where, as we talked about, we could get to Rules to actually fix  this.   This is why I have said so many times that I have not--I understand  the majority's willingness to bring the bill forward. What I didn't  understand here is the willingness of this majority to put themselves  on a time table to bring bills that were not ready. The reason we did  it that night was so that we could get to Rules.   I served on the Rules Committee for 4 years. We could have fixed it  at Rules.   Dr. Roe actually just brought an amendment to Rules, but it was  rejected.   I understand that now we are going to continue forward.   I have a daughter who has spina bifida, and many would say ``mental  defective.'' For anyone in that community who believes that those who  are born that way would be a mental defective is a problem. It needs to  be fixed.   But the problem that we have here was a committee process that broke  and a Rules process that broke. There were plenty of opportunities to  address this, plenty of opportunities to discuss this. In the rush to  do, again, what I said yesterday many times, what makes you feel good  does not always heal you, now you have a problem, a valid problem.   But it was not a problem from the perspective of not trying to fix  it. It came from the heart on both sides of the aisle to say this  language is archaic, this language should not be there. There were  plenty of times to fix it.   I appreciate the chairman. I am glad to hear his willingness to  continue to work on this. What would another day have taken? What  problem would an amendment voted up or down by Dr. Roe have caused on  the floor?    I guess when the ACLU and others started scoring against it, we  decided we might need to fix it.   Again, this is a process problem. I know nobody likes to talk about  process problems because, at the end of the day, I believe the authors'  intents behind these bills, I believe their intents  [[Page H2282]]  are good. I believe their process may be wrong, and I will speak to  that, but this is a problem that we have.   I am glad the chairman is moving forward, I am glad the chairman is  looking at this, and I am glad the chairman is willing to address this  going forward, but it is just sad that we had to get here today,  because this could have been fixed except for an arbitrary timeline put  onto my chairman that he really had no control over, I believe, to  bring something forward that is not ready for prime time.   I respect my chairman. I am glad that he has addressed this. I hope  that they will give him plenty of time in the future to continue to  work these problems out.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Chair, I can go back through my opening statement and list the  many reasons I oppose this bill that have nothing to do with the  amendment that should have been fixed by the time we got to Rules,  which was agreed upon. Actually, the language was given by Ms. Lofgren  and staff, and we said that we will take that and move to Rules to fix  it.   If you go back and look at my statement, I am opposing this bill for  many other reasons that are very valid. I believe when you look for  timing, you look for other things.   Again, I believe working the process is proper. Working the process  will go through. The majority brought this to the floor, and they  should have the votes to pass it. If not, then the Senate can work on  this language, and we go forward.   I think the bigger issue is the very fundamental issue of the timing  of this bill, the timing that it is not just 20 days, and it is not  just 10 days. There is another, when you couple it with the actual 30- day restriction on the application itself. So there are plenty of  reasons for me to oppose this bill.   The other part was simply a discussion that should have been fixed  and wasn't. That is a tragedy, that we are coming to the floor and that  even be a problem. But at the end of the day, we pointed it out, we  tried to, and that is where it is at.   My problem with this bill is the bill itself and much of the language  that we have here.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Chair, in closing, we have had an interesting debate this  morning. I think we went back on two points.   One, I believe I laid out the problems in a very methodical way on  why this bill has serious defects in it that could possibly be fixed,  if given long enough to work. I still may disagree with the premise of  the bill, but it could have been worked out, when you actually take one  part of law and combine it with another part of law. And we have seen a  calendaring problem here. That is one part. That is the main part I  have.   I think we have also seen how the process has not worked out again.  Sometimes in life, getting it first is not best. Getting it quickly may  not always be the best result. I think what we are seeing here is  something that when we are dealing with the rights of individuals,  especially in this area here and especially for the reasons that were  given, which was a tragedy in Charleston that could have been stopped  by the FBI that already had suspicions on not selling this firearm and  could have went and taken that firearm, this is just a problem.   I have laid out as much as I can. I think the speakers have as well.  There are many opposed to this. They will continue to be opposed to it,  on both sides of the spectrum, our side from the perspective of our  rights and those that are being violated, and the ACLU for what their  reasons may be and others.   But it is time we had some honest discussion about what can actually  deter this mass violence that we are seeing. Unfortunately, Madam  Chair, we always speak of mass violence.   Why do we always have to go to the big violence? Why do we have to go  to the ones who were killed that are tragedies that we all see? What  about the ones that we can actually work on  [[Page H2284]]  where we give better enforcement to our law enforcement, better  prosecution of gun crimes, better prosecution that affects a single  life in a neighborhood today? Is a single life not as important as the  ones that we are not affecting now?   I think as we look forward, I would ask that this, of course, be  voted down. I think we have laid out a reason why it at least should be  considered by all Members before they put their card in that machine to  decide why they are supporting a bill that we believe has some obvious  flaws to it. It is not the intent of the individual offering it, but  the actual words on paper have flaws in them. That is why we oppose  this bill.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my  time.    To the good gentleman, I do not.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentleman here  on this. It is good to fix this. But the only problem is, it doesn't  fix it--I think that is the problem that we are looking at--as written.  As we discussed earlier, your amendment claims to prevent this endless  loop, but it fails to do so.   Per ATF regulation, a NICS check is only valid for 30 calendar days  from when the NICS is initially contacted. This language does not  extend the timeframe in the event of a delayed response, nor does it  direct the attorney general to do so.   So if the purchaser completes the three-step process under H.R. 1112,  then attempts to take possession of the firearm on calendar day 31, ATF  regulations would suggest it is too late. The NICS check has expired,  and as a result, the federally licensed firearms dealer would need to  conduct a new NICS check while restarting the process.   Madam Chair, I did offer an amendment to extend the validity of the  NICS check to 60 days to cure this deficiency, however, the Democrats  refused to make my amendment in order. For that reason, I am glad that  the gentleman is trying to fix this, which is where it should be, but  it just doesn't fix it.   So we are again searching for an amendment and solution to a problem  that could have been fixed, but this amendment does not fix it. I am  glad the gentleman brought the amendment and in the plain reading of  the statute and the plain reading of this amendment, this is a great  attempt. It just falls short.   For that reason, I would urge my colleagues to vote against this  amendment because it does not actually fix the problem we outlined  earlier.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate my chairman, but I  disagree, because there is still the 30-day limitation. The 30-day  limitation is not done here, and so there is and could be a problem if  it was done. I still have my time, and there is no time remaining.   The issue here is that if it is approved after the 30 days, then this  bill does not fix it. The easy fix here was an amendment we offered  that simply extended it for 60 days. That is your fix. Instead, we go  through this where there can be, as all good things lawyerly, we can  have lawyerly disagreements. I think in the end, when you actually go  back and look at this, you will see that there is an interpretation  problem here. The 30 days still exists.   Why could we have not just simply extended the NICS date for 60 days  instead of 30 days instead of going through this exercise of legal  interpretation?   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Objection.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   