 Mr. President, I have come to the floor to talk about  the wind production tax credit. This is a subject that I've talked  about before. The Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Toomey, will, I  believe, come soon to talk on the same subject.   The wind production tax credit is so generous with taxpayers' money  that wind developers can actually give away their electricity for free  and still make a profit. Let me say that again. I am talking today  about the wind production tax credit, which is a tax subsidy--taxpayer  dollars--given to wind developers, and it is so generous that the  developers can actually, in some cases, give away their electricity for  free and still make a profit.   That wind production tax credit has been extended 11 times. It has  been on the books for more than 25 years. This was a tax credit that  was supposed to jump-start a new industry--that's 25 years of jump- starting. Four years ago, Congress agreed to end it. We thought that  was it. In doing so, Congress asked taxpayers to provide another $24  billion, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, to extend the  wind production tax credit--$24 billion more in subsidies for another 5  years and gradually phase out the credit. That is what we thought we  did 4 years ago. We would spend $24 billion more in exchange for  phasing out and ending the wind production tax credit. This is on top  of the nearly $10 billion taxpayers paid between 2008 and 2015 and the  billions more the taxpayers have paid since the wind production tax  credit was created in 1992. That was supposed to be the end of the wind  production tax credit 4 years ago. Remember, it  [[Page S6639]]  was supposed to jump-start a new industry. President Obama's Energy  Secretary said years ago that wind is already a mature industry. That  was during the Obama administration.   Now some Members of Congress are trying to break the agreement of 4  years ago to end the wind production tax credit. Earlier this summer,  the House Ways and Means Committee reported legislation that extends  that credit through the end of 2020. This huge amount of money is not  the only thing wrong with that proposal.   First, the wind production tax credit undercuts reliable electricity  like nuclear power. This is called negative pricing, which is when wind  developers have such a big subsidy that they can give away their  electricity and still make money. If you are a wind developer, for  every kilowatt hour of electricity one of these 40-story-high wind  structures produces, the taxpayers will pay you up to 2.3 cents, which  in some markets is more than the cost of the wholesale value of each  kilowatt hour of electricity. Negative pricing such as this distorts  the marketplace. It puts at risk more reliable forms of energy such as  nuclear power, which produces 60 percent of all the carbon-free  electricity in the United States. In contrast, wind produces about 19  percent of all the carbon-free electricity in the United States. I  think it is important to produce carbon-free electricity. I believe  climate change is a problem and that humans are a cause of the problem.   Why would we undercut the production of nuclear power--which is 60  percent of our carbon-free electricity--by the negative pricing of this  big, expensive wind production tax credit? With nuclear power  available, expecting a country the size of the United States to operate  on windmills is the energy equivalent of going to war in sail boats.   Second, in my view, windmills destroy the environment rather than  save it. You could run these 40-story structures from Georgia to Maine  to produce electricity, scarring the entire eastern landscape or you  could produce the same amount of electricity with eight nuclear power  plants. If you did run these giant structures from Georgia to Maine,  you would still need natural gas or nuclear power to produce  electricity when the wind is not blowing, which is most of the time.   There is a much better way to spend the dollars that are available  for clean energy. Instead of subsidizing wind developers, the United  States could use that money to double the nearly $6.6 billion that the  Federal Government spends on basic energy research to make truly bold  breakthroughs that will help us provide cleaner, cheaper energy and  raise family incomes.   Earlier this year, I came to the Senate floor and called for a New  Manhattan Project for Clean Energy, a 5-year project with 10 grand  challenges that will use American research and technology to put our  country and the world firmly on a path toward cleaner, cheaper energy.  Specifically, I encouraged funding breakthroughs in advanced nuclear  reactors, natural gas, carbon capture, better batteries, greener  buildings, electric vehicles, cheaper solar, fusion, advanced  computing, and doubling energy research funding. All of that is a  better use of funding than more funding for wind developers, which is  so generous that in some cases they can give away their electricity and  still make a profit. Let wind energy go where we said it should go in  2015; let it go unsubsidized into the free market. That is where we  thought we sent it 4 years ago, and that is where it should go.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I am reserving the right to object.   I have a better idea, which I am going to offer to the Senate once  again. It is permanent funding for historically Black colleges at the  level of $255 million a year. The distinguished Senator from  Pennsylvania has stated he doesn't want a piecemeal bill. He wants a  more comprehensive bill. I have offered such a bill and introduced it  in the Senate. I will describe it in a few moments when I ask unanimous  consent to pass it, and it will include not a 2-year short-term fix  based upon a budget gimmick, which will have difficulty passing the  Senate, but permanent funding of historically Black colleges and  minority-serving institutions.   It will include simplification of the FAFSA, the form that 8 million  minority students fill out every year, which in our State is the  biggest obstacle to minority students having an opportunity for higher  education and a variety of other bipartisan proposals.   I am ready to pass a comprehensive bill. I offered one before. It was  blocked by my Democratic friends. I am going to offer it again in a  minute, and we will see if they agree to it, but I don't think we  should pass a piecemeal bill. I agree with the Senator from  Pennsylvania. I think we should be more comprehensive, and not only  that, we should do permanent funding of historically Black colleges.   The last point I will make before I object is that the U.S.  Department of Education has written all the presidents of the  historically Black and minority-serving institutions and said there is  sufficient funding in the Federal Government for the rest of the year-- fiscal year--until October 1 of next year. So while we need to finish  our work, there is no crisis at the moment, so let's do the job right.   I will offer, in just a moment, the way to do that, which is  permanent funding of historically Black colleges and minority-serving  institutions. I object.    Mr. President, for the convenience of the Senator from  Pennsylvania, I am going to offer my unanimous consent agreement at the  beginning of my remarks, and then if he wishes to stay, he can, but if  he has another place to go in his schedule, he may do that.   Let me just say that the provision I am going to--let me preface it  in this way. I know very well the value of historically Black colleges.  One of my favorite stories is the story that the late author, Alex  Haley, the author of ``Roots'' and ``The Autobiography of Malcolm X''-- I suppose the two best selling books ever on the history of the African  American--used to tell about his father, Simon P. Haley, who was wasted  as a child. That was the word they used.   He was allowed to go to college, and he went to North Carolina A&T  where he was ready to drop out. He came back, got a summer job on a  Pullman train to Chicago, and a man talked to him at night asking him  for a glass of warm milk. He got the glass of warm milk and thought  nothing more about it. He went back to North Carolina A&T, a  historically Black college.   The principal called him in. He thought he was in real trouble, as  the president of the college called him in. Simon P. Haley thought he  was in real trouble. The President of the college said that the man on  the train had sent enough money for Simon P. Haley to graduate--to pay  his tuition to graduate from college.   So Alex Haley wrote for the Reader's Digest the story of the man on  the train who helped his father. That father went to Cornell and became  the first Black graduate of Cornell's agricultural college. He came  back to Lane College, one of the six historically Black colleges in  Tennessee, where he taught and raised a son, who is a lawyer, later  Ambassador to Gambia; two daughters, one a teacher; he raised another  son, an architect; and then he raised a son he thought wouldn't amount  to anything who joined the Coast Guard and ended up writing a Pulitzer  Prize-winning book, ``Roots,'' and ``The Autobiography of Malcolm X.''   I know the value of Lane College, Fisk University, Tennessee State  University, Lemoyne-Owen College, Meharry Medical College, and America  Baptist College, and I want to help them. The request I am going to  make is that the Senate pass a small package of bills that are  sponsored by Democrats and Republicans, 29 Senators--17 Democrats and  12 Republicans. The first provision would be permanent funding. That is  $255 million every year permanently for historically Black colleges and  minority-serving institutions. A second provision--I ask consent to use  this document on the Senate floor.    That is the FAFSA. This is the document that 20  million Americans fill out every year. We know how to reduce it. It is  the biggest impediment to minority students going to college today. We  are ready to pass it. Eight million minority students fill this out.  The president of the Southwest Community College from Memphis tells me  he loses 1,500 students a semester because of the complexity of that.   There are other provisions in this package, which include the  Portman-Kaine provision for short-term Pell grants sponsored by about  20 Senators, many of them Democrats; the provision for Pell grants for  prisoners who are eligible for parole; an increase in the number of  Pell grants; an increase in the amount of Pell grants. All of that is  in this package that I have offered, but it starts with permanent  funding for historically black colleges. Since there is time until  October 1 of next year, the Department of Education has said that there  is plenty of Federal funding for all of those institutions. There is no  reason we can't agree to my package today, send it over to the House of  Representatives, send it to the President, and let all of these  institutions know they don't have to worry about funding permanently  instead of just for 2 years.  [[Page S6647]]    So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2557 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I know this Senate is a deliberative  body, but we have been working on higher education for 5 years in our  committee, and suddenly, out of the blue, comes a bill out of the House  which says that we have an emergency in one provision of the Higher  Education Act; don't take it through committee. That is the way we  usually do things.   The distinguished Senator from Louisiana is a member of this  committee, and the Senator from Pennsylvania is a valued member of the  committee. We have a pretty good reputation for working together,  despite our differences, in fixing No Child Left Behind, 21st Century  Cures, opioid legislation. Healthcare is a contentious issue, but by a  vote of 20 to 3, we brought out a bill to lower healthcare costs.   Yet the suggestion is that we take this bill to the Senate floor  without any consideration by the committee. That is not the way we  usually do things.   Let me reemphasize that the U.S. Department of Education has told  every one of the historically Black colleges and minority-serving  institutions that there is sufficient Federal funding between now and  October 1 of next year. There is no reason to cut anybody's pay and no  reason to stop planning. That is what the Federal Government has told  those institutions. That is plenty of time for us to take a provision-- such as the one I have proposed or such as the one that the  distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania has proposed--through our  committee and recommend to the full Senate what we ought to do.   Let's not minimize what else there is to do. I mean, we literally  have been working for 5 years on simplifying this FAFSA. There are 8  million minority students who fill it out every year. I think we should  be concerned about the 300,000 students who attend historically Black  colleges and universities. Many of them fill this out. I am told by the  former Governor of Tennessee that filling out this complicated form is  the single biggest impediment for low-income students having an  opportunity to go to college because their families think it is too  complicated.    Well, we know what to do about this. Senator Bennet, the Democratic  Senator from Colorado, and I began working on this 5 years ago. Senator  Murray, the Democratic Senator from Washington, and I recommended that  the Senate pass legislation getting rid of 22 questions that were  double reporting. You have to tell the IRS some facts, and you have to  tell the Department of Education the same facts, and then they come in  the middle of the semester and try to catch you having one answer here  and another answer there. So at East Tennessee State University, 70  percent of the student body has their Pell grant verified, and some of  them lose their Federal funding while they check to see if the  information they had to give to two Federal agencies is different. We  passed the Senate with that--Senator Murray and I did that last year.   So why should we wait on this? I don't think we should wait on  permanent funding for historically Black colleges, but why hold this  hostage to that?   I am ready to move ahead on permanent funding for historically Black  colleges. I am ready to move ahead on simplifying the FAFSA for 8  million students who fill this out every year. I am ready to move ahead  on short-term Pell grants. I have been working with the Senator from  Washington on this and with other Members of the Senate. I think we are  moving to a consensus. We have time to do this right. Let's take it  through committee and send back to the House of Representatives a  permanent solution.   I think it is very important that we make clear to all of the  presidents and all of the students at historically Black colleges and  minority-serving institutions, No. 1, you have a year of funding ahead  of you; No. 2, you have a proposal by the chairman of the Education  Committee that will permanently fund what you are doing; and No. 3, our  Democratic friends are asking that the Senate pass short-term funding  that will create another funding cliff within a matter of months and  that is funded by a budget gimmick that will never pass muster in the  Senate. That is not going to happen.   So we need to work together as we normally do and come to a  conclusion on the Higher Education Act, including permanent funding of  historically Black colleges and minority institutions. I am ready to  keep doing that. But I am also ready to encourage the passage not only  of the provisions that I have introduced and that I asked for  permission to pass today, which the Senator objected to, but other  provisions that might be included.   I think 5 years is long enough to work on the Higher Education Act. I  am coming to the conclusion we have time to do it, and I look forward  to saying to our six historically Black colleges in Tennessee that the  result of our hard work and debate and discussion has been permanent  funding, so you don't have to worry about Federal funding.    I will yield.    I want to thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for  coming to the floor today on an issue I know he cares about. I thank  the Senator from North Carolina.   We are accustomed to working together. We are accustomed to getting  results, and I want to get a result on this.   I agree with both Senators in this sense: I think it is time to send  a signal to historically Black colleges and minority-serving  institutions that they don't have to worry about funding for the  future. For the next year, the Department of Education has told them:  You have the money for the next year. It shouldn't take us a year to  finish our work.   So I look forward to sitting down with the Senator from North  Carolina and the Senator from Pennsylvania and working out their  differences on the provisions that we have. We have the basis for a  very good higher education bill--the permanent funding for historically  Black colleges, the simplification of the FAFSA, which affects 20  million families every year. We have broad bipartisan consensus on  simplifying how you pay back student loans. There are nine different  ways now. We could reduce that to two. That affects 43 million  families.   The short-term Pell grants make a big difference.   So we have a number of provisions, and I am working well, as I always  do, with the Senator from Washington, Mrs. Murray. I would like to  bring this to a conclusion as rapidly as we can. I think this debate  has been useful to do that. I look forward to continuing it.   I yield the floor.   