 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the chaos in Washington, DC, precipitated  by impeachment mania or our inability to get what should be relatively  straightforward work done, like the appropriations process and all the  gymnastics over the USMCA, the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement--in  fact, we are coming down to a deadline on Friday, the 20th of December,  when the current continuing resolution runs out.   Because of everything that is going on, many people may not have been  able to pay that much attention--and I think attention is deserved--to  the testimony of Department of Justice Inspector General Michael  Horowitz, who testified in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee  yesterday. I know there was some news coverage of it, but I wanted to  give some reflections on the testimony Mr. Horowitz gave.   First of all, the Office of Inspector General is a very important  one. They are a watchdog to make sure the laws Congress passes and the  rules of the various agencies--in this case, the Department of  Justice--are complied with. It is really very, very important.   With everything else going on, it is important to have an impartial  inspector general to conduct that kind of investigation and to hold  people accountable--something that doesn't happen enough here in  Washington, DC.   Inspector General Horowitz, along with his team, was widely praised  for producing an outstanding report this time on the  counterintelligence investigation of the Trump administration by the  Obama-era Justice Department and the FBI.   This is a 480-page report. I have a copy of it right here. It is  redacted for public release. If you look at it online--you can look at  it through the Department of Justice website--you can see that some of  it is redacted or black marks are drawn through parts of it to protect  certain classified information.   But there is more than enough information contained in this report to  know that the Crossfire Hurricane investigation into the Trump  administration by the Obama Justice Department, including Comey and the  FBI, was an unmitigated disaster.   Mr. Horowitz highlighted some of the truly disturbing and alarming  facts about how this Russia investigation was conducted--how it was  initiated and how it was conducted. There were mistakes made, including  some intentional misconduct, which has now been referred to the Justice  Department for potential investigation and even charging and  prosecution. This was a troubling report, identifying at least 17  different areas of concern.   The report is full of legal jargon, government acronyms, and a long  list of names most Americans probably don't recognize. The bottom line  is, beneath all of this is a pattern of concerning behavior that ought  to concern everyone who cares about civil liberties.   At the core of these issues is, under Director Comey, the FBI's abuse  of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA. I know people  have heard the reference to FISA, and that is short for Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act. In other words, when our intelligence  services, including the FBI, gather information, they can't do that on  American citizens absent a showing of probable cause in front of a  court. That is a protection of our civil liberties. When it comes to  foreign intelligence, there is a different court--the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Court--that has to assess and judge whether  they have met the appropriate legal standards.    The inspector general found that the Comey FBI failed to file  accurate applications to surveil an American citizen by the name of  Carter Page.   There are very exacting requirements, very technical but very  important requirements that the FBI has to put together, in  consultation with the National Security Division at the Department of  Justice, in order to go to court--the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court--and justify issuance of the authority to gather intelligence on  an individual.   In this case, they claimed that Carter Page, who was for a time  associated with the Trump campaign--they claim that they suspected him  to be an agent of a foreign power--in other words, Russia.   The way these documents were prepared and the way in which this  matter was pursued was hardly a stellar performance by the Comey FBI,  and I will mention that here in a moment. Once that FISA warrant is  issued, as it was on an American citizen--Carter Page--that  individual's private communications then come into the hands of the FBI  as part of their investigation of a potential agent of a foreign power.   As I said yesterday and reiterated to Inspector General Horowitz this  morning--or yesterday morning--spying on an American citizen is not  something to be taken lightly. None of us should view this as a trivial  matter. That is why there are such strong protections in place to  prevent an abuse of power.   One of those backstops is the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court--a specialized court appointed by Chief Justice Roberts, Chief  Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, that sits in  rotation for a time to look at the government's applications for these  warrants under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. You can  imagine that when that court makes important decisions involving the  national security of the United States or the civil liberties of an  American citizen, they need to have a full picture. They need to have  the utmost candor exercised by the FBI of all the details and  information surrounding the issue at hand. Again, this is no trivial  matter. The court is determining whether the government has a  compelling case to secretly spy on an American's communications.   Unfortunately, as we heard from Mr. Horowitz, the FBI, under Director  Comey, fell dramatically short of that goal. The application for  something as serious as a foreign intelligence surveillance warrant  should be free from error, let alone intentional lies. Unfortunately,  Inspector Horowitz found 17 different instances where the FBI agents  involved in securing this FISA warrant failed that standard.   First of all, the inspector general identified 7 mistakes in the  original application and an additional 10 in 3 renewals, for a total of  4 separate warrants under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.  These applications weren't put together and examined by rank-and-file  agents; these errors came from three handpicked teams that didn't raise  any red flags for high-level  [[Page S7018]]  senior officials--something that Mr. Horowitz said made him deeply  concerned, which is a feeling I share.   One of the most glaring errors was the applications' reliance on a  deeply flawed private intelligence report--opposition research paid for  by the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee--on  Donald Trump. This is called the Steele dossier, as people have heard  that reference. Mr. Steele is a former intelligence officer who worked  for the British Government, the British intelligence services, but he  had long since retired from his government service, and now he was out  for hire to dig up information--in this case, on a political candidate  in the Presidential election in 2016.   One of the biggest concerns we have all had since the 2016 election  is Russian interference in our elections. Sometimes this is called  active measures, where they merely try to sow discord and dissent by  social media use, by propaganda, and by intelligence services leaking  information.   I asked Attorney General Barr, before the Judiciary Committee earlier  this year, whether he could state with confidence that the Steele  Dossier, which we know was paid for by the Democratic National  Committee and the Clinton administration, was not a part of this  Russian disinformation campaign, whether he could say it was not. The  Attorney General said no, he could not.   FBI attorneys assisting in the Crossfire Hurricane investigation  called it a ``close call'' on whether they had sufficient justification  to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to issue a warrant  so they could collect intelligence on an American citizen, Carter Page.  What made that a close call? What turned a close call into the granting  of that authority? Well, it was the Steele dossier. It was a hit piece,  really--called that by one of our intelligence agencies--based on  internet rumor, not based on verified information. That was used by the  Crossfire Hurricane team to apply to the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Court to get a warrant issued to surveil and spy on an  American citizen.   Although I know that taking a look at the real source of the Steele  dossier was outside the realm of the inspector general's duties, it is  worth investigating because it played a central and essential role in  the FBI's FISA applications. That is what Mr. Horowitz found.    Mr. Horowitz found on one occasion serious and intentional misconduct  on the part of an FBI lawyer, and he now has referred that lawyer for  criminal prosecution. But the explanations they offered for the other  errors were completely unsatisfactory, and they should not be  overlooked or excused. Attorney General Barr echoed that in a TV  interview earlier this week. I trust him and Mr. Durham to get to the  bottom of it. They have more authority than the inspector general to  compel the production of evidence in testimony--much like a grand jury,  as opposed to what the inspector general had, which was basically a  voluntary willingness of witnesses to come forward and to look at the  FBI's internal files.   To make matters worse, even as new and exculpatory information-- information that tended to show innocence--came to light on Carter  Page, this information was not reflected in what the FBI filed when  they requested a foreign intelligence surveillance warrant from the  court.   You have to wonder--if this level of mishandling is occurring in a  high-profile investigation of a Presidential candidate, someone who  would later become the leader of the free world, what kind of  protections are in place for average American citizens?   We place an enormous amount of trust in the U.S. Government to keep  us safe and also to respect and uphold our constitutional rights. So  seeing these types of errors, intentional and unintentional, slipping  through the cracks in such a sensitive investigation doesn't give me  much confidence that it is not happening in other cases.   Another question I asked the inspector general was on something  called defensive counterintelligence briefings. This is a little bit  arcane, but let me explain.   There are two different types of investigations by the FBI. One is of  a potential criminal prosecution. We are all familiar with that. But  the second role that the FBI plays is conducting counterintelligence  investigations--in other words, protecting the American people and our  national security from the attempts by foreign actors, malign foreign  actors to gain intelligence on the U.S. Government and the American  people, to our detriment and to the detriment of our national security.   One of the things Loretta Lynch, who was Attorney General under  Barack Obama, said is that in a counterintelligence investigation,  defensive briefings are routine. In other words, if the Presiding  Officer were a target of a Russian intelligence operation--somebody had  bumped into you at the grocery store or shown up at your kid's soccer  game or perhaps shown up at your work, and you began to wonder, who  this person and why have they taken such interest in me?--well, if the  FBI discovers information that indicates this is part of an effort to  recruit an American citizen to become an asset for the Russian  intelligence services, what the FBI is obligated to do is to give a  defensive briefing where they might tell the Presiding Officer or me or  anybody else who might be targeted ``This is what is happening to you,  so be on your guard. Don't think this is innocent. Protect yourself,''  and in so doing, protect the national security of the United States.   These briefings, we learned from Loretta Lynch, are routine. They are  given routinely to political candidates, to individuals, and to  companies that hear from the FBI about those potential threats so they  can take steps to protect themselves.   We know that both Presidential candidates of 2016--Donald Trump and  Hillary Clinton--received some kind of defensive briefing in August of  2016, but the so-called defensive briefing for the Trump campaign was  unique in a number of aspects.   At the time the FBI believed the Russians were trying to infiltrate  the Trump campaign, you would think that would have been a prime  opportunity to share that information with Candidate Trump and his  campaign so he could tell the people on his campaign: Be on your guard,  and don't engage in any unnecessary contact with people whom you don't  know and who might have malign motives.   The FBI could have advised the Trump campaign about these potential  threats and given them their professional advice on how to mitigate the  concerns, but that didn't happen in the case of the Trump campaign.  Instead of warning the Trump campaign about possible Russian efforts,  they actually inserted--the FBI inserted a case agent into the briefing  and used that as an opportunity to collect information in support of  their own criminal investigation of GEN Michael Flynn.   It is not only unfair to insert an FBI agent into an otherwise benign  setting in order to collect information on an American citizen in a  criminal investigation, obviously General Flynn did not know the FBI  was trying to do this under a pretext, so he couldn't say: I would like  to talk to a lawyer. I would like to know that what I say can't be used  against me in a court of law. In other words, all of the normal  protections under the Bill of Rights that would be given to somebody  under a criminal investigation were not afforded because of this  pretextual defensive briefing where the FBI agent slipped in in order  to collect information.   Here is the bottom line: This defensive briefing of the Trump  campaign lasted a whopping 13 minutes--hardly enough time to convey the  sort of information you would want to a political campaign. I can tell  you that if the FBI came to me and told me that some foreign actor was  trying to infiltrate my campaign, I would want to know about it, and I  would want to tell the people who volunteered in the campaign to knock  it off. But President Trump, when he was a candidate, was not given  that information or the opportunity to shut it down, which he should  have been.   Director Wray, to his credit, after hearing about that, has accepted  the recommendations of the inspector general and has moved quickly to  try to rectify some of these practices, and he has already issued  corrective action on them. This doesn't negate the fact that the  American people's trust in their government to protect them has been  harmed by the Comey FBI.  [[Page S7019]]    We need the American people's confidence in the laws the Congress  passes, the constitutional rights they enjoy under our Constitution,  and the oversight that Congress performs and that the FBI and the  intelligence community are going to be required to play by the rules of  the road and not jeopardize the civil liberties of any American, much  less a candidate for the U.S. Presidency. This is something I will talk  about more at another time.   Chairman Graham of the Judiciary Committee assures me that  yesterday's very important hearing, at which Inspector Horowitz  testified, will not be the last hearing on this matter but merely the  first. There is more to come, as there well should be.   I yield floor.   