 I thank my good friend, the distinguished  ranking member, for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, for years, books and articles have been written  suggesting that significant research had been done at U.S. Government  facilities, including Fort Detrick and Plum Island, to turn ticks and  other insects into bioweapons. Now, a new book, ``Bitten: The Secret  History of Lyme Disease and Biological Weapons,'' by Kris Newby,  includes interviews with Dr. Willy Burgdorfer, the researcher who is  credited with discovering Lyme disease. It turns out Dr. Burgdorfer was  also a bioweapons specialist.   The interviews combined with access to Dr. Burgdorfer's lab files  reveal that he and other bioweapons specialists stuffed ticks with  pathogens to cause severe disability, disease, even death to potential  enemies.   With Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases exploding in the  United States, with an estimated 300,000 to 427,000 new cases each year  and 10 to 20 percent of all patients suffering from chronic Lyme  disease, I believe Americans have a right to know whether any of this  is true.   If true, what were the parameters of the program?   Who ordered it?   Was there any accidental release anywhere or at any time of any of  the diseased ticks?   Were any ticks released by design?   In the book, there is some talk of that happening at or near  Richmond, Virginia. Can any of this information help current-day  researchers--and this is most important of all--help current-day  researchers find a way to mitigate and maybe even cure these diseases?   It should be noted for the record that it was President Richard Nixon  in 1969 who ordered the end to all bioweapons research, but we know  that there were tick farms at Plum Island and Fort Detrick, like I said  earlier, and other places where this research was done.   We need to know. I encourage Members to read this book if they get  the time, ``Bitten: The Secret History of Lyme Disease and Biological  Weapons.'' Again, it may offer some clues as to how we combat this  terrible epidemic of Lyme disease in the United States.   My amendment tasks the DoD Inspector General to ask the hard  questions and report back. The millions of people suffering from Lyme  and other tick-borne diseases deserve to know the truth.    Madam Chair, current law requires  servicemembers to participate in Transition Assistance Program (TAP)  before their anticipated separation date, and more than 20,000 service  members will transition into civilian life per month over the next 5  years.   As the former Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I  have seen how vital TAP is in preparing all eligible members of the  armed forces for transition to civilian life. Servicemembers currently  undergo 4 hours of pre-separation counseling, 5 days of classroom-based  instruction, and an optional 2-day Transition Goals, Plans, Success  program. Yet, the abundant information provided in these multiple  sessions can become an organizational challenge especially for  servicemembers who are relocating and starting new lives.   While access and advancement in mobile technology has grown, TAP has  yet to provide servicemembers with a comprehensive online application  accessible through mobile application technology to assist with their  transition needs after separation including a personalized profile for  employment, education, benefits, mentorship, resume building, and  career training. Additionally, there is currently no avenue for TAP  officials to follow servicemembers' progress in completing their TAP  requirements and ensure that immediate and accurate reports are kept.   My amendment calls for a three-year pilot program through the  interagency partners of the Department of Defense, Department of  Veterans Affairs, and the Department of Labor to develop an online  application that would address the current shortfalls in the TAP  program, consolidate online resources given to them upon separation,  and provide support for the transitioning needs of servicemembers as  they become veterans.   The online application that would be available as an app for  smartphones or tablets and accessible through laptops or desktop  computers, would create a transition data dashboard personalized to the  veteran. This application would provide a resume generator, job search  portal, access to career training, and mentorship and do it all based  on the individual military experiences and current geographic location  of the veteran.   This pilot program will ensure the valuable information provided at  TAP is always at veterans' fingertips in order to help our nation's  heroes seamlessly transition into civilian life.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.    Madam Chair, En Bloc amendment No. 14  includes my amendment--cosponsored by Donald Norcross (D-NJ)--to  require the GAO to investigate the contracting practices of the U.S.  Army Corps of Engineers, specifically on how the agency complies with  and enforces the Davis-Bacon Act to pay locally prevailing wages on  federally-financed construction jobs.   Under Davis-Bacon, the government may terminate a contract if locally  prevailing wages have not been paid to employees working on the  project. Contracting agencies, such as the Army Corps, however, have  the primary day-to-day responsibility for enforcement of the Davis- Bacon Act and its labor standards requirements. Unfortunately, I have  heard persistent and credible reports that the Army Corps' enforcement  efforts are lacking, specifically at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst,  which is located in my district.   Irresponsible contractors and subcontractors often times avoid their  prevailing wage obligations by engaging in two different types of  misclassification: craft misclassification and independent contractor  misclassification.   Craft misclassification occurs when dishonest contractors misclassify  highskilled workers as general laborers or lower wage classifications  in order to avoid paying the higher prevailing wage rate applicable to  the high-skilled work actually performed. Independent contractor  misclassification occurs when contractors misclassify employees as  independent contractors to avoid paying prevailing wages in order to  reduce labor costs and avoid state and federal taxes.  [[Page H5692]]    These practices deny workers access to critical benefits and  protections, including prevailing wages, workers' compensation and  unemployment insurance, and communities suffer because  misclassification results in lower tax revenues for federal, state, and  local governments. To top it off, the work is often substandard as it  has been performed by people not properly trained for the job.   Our military installations deserve quality workmanship, not  substandard facilities that could create potential hazards and diminish  readiness.   In light of the intended federal investment of $11.5 billion for  military construction projects included in this underlying bill for  fiscal year 2020, we need to be sure that our taxpayer dollars--and  critical investment in military infrastructure--are being spent in  accordance with the law and on qualified workmanship. The GAO  investigation of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will help quantify  the problem and hopefully usher in reform.   