 Mr. President, yesterday, we confirmed Robert Luck, a  Florida supreme court justice, to be a U.S. Circuit judge for the 11th  Circuit Court of Appeals. With Justice Luck's confirmation, the Senate  has now confirmed 47 appellate court judges during this administration  and 163 Article III judges overall.   That is more appellate court judges than had been confirmed at this  point in any of the previous five Presidential administrations, and it  is a particularly outstanding number when you consider that the  Democrats have made confirming these judges as difficult as they  possibly can. From day one of this administration, Democrats were  determined to obstruct anything this President did, his nominations in  particular.   Again and again and again, they have attempted to block nominees for  no other reason than the fact that they were nominated by this  President. Democrats have subjected roughly 75 percent of the  administration's judicial nominees to the time-consuming cloture  process. Compare that to the treatment of President Obama's nominees.  At this point in President Obama's administration, roughly 3 percent of  his judicial nominees had been subjected to cloture votes--just 3  percent, 3 percent versus 75 percent for President Trump.   The difference in these numbers is not because this President has  nominated scores of extreme nominees who Democrats felt they could not  support. In fact, Democrats have repeatedly turned around and voted for  the very same judges they have obstructed. In one particularly  egregious example, in January of 2018, Democrats forced the Senate to  spend more than a week confirming four district court judges, even  though not one single Democrat voted against their confirmation. These  judges could have been confirmed in a matter of minutes by voice vote,  but Democrats forced the Senate to spend more than a week on their  consideration, time that could have been spent on genuinely  controversial nominees or on some of the important issues facing our  country.   Despite Democrats' obstruction, we have continued to move forward,  and as I said, yesterday, we confirmed our 163rd judge to the Federal  bench. Today, we will confirm our 164th. We are putting judges on the  bench with a real respect for the law and for the Constitution and a  commitment to applying the law as written.   Now, those sound like basic requirements for a judge, but too often,  it seems like my Democrat colleagues are interested not in judges who  will uphold the law, but in judges who will act like superlegislators,  rewriting the law and the Constitution when they do not fit with the  Democrats' political opinions, and that is a very dangerous thing.   When judges rule based not on what the law actually says, but what  they think the law should be, they undermine a fundamental principle of  our system of government. Our system is based on belief in the rule of  law. In the American system, the law is supposed to be the final,  impartial arbiter. Cases are to be decided based on what the law says,  not on what a particular judge feels.   Sure, it might seem nice when an activist judge goes outside the  meaning of a law and rules for your preferred outcome. But what happens  when that same judge reaches beyond the law to your detriment? What  protection do you have if the law is no longer the highest authority?  Equal treatment under the law, equal justice under the law, these  principles can only be maintained as long as judges actually rule based  on the law and not on their personal feelings or personal opinions.   My Democrat colleagues have shown a disturbing tendency to believe  that their opinions are the only ones that should prevail. They  disapproved of the outcome of the last election, and so for 3 years,  they have done everything they can to undermine a duly-elected  President. They are upset by the fact that the President got to replace  a perceived swing vote on the Supreme Court, and the solution floated  by more than one member of their party was to pack the Supreme Court.  [[Page S6686]]    For anyone who needs a refresher on an idea that most thought had  been consigned to the dustbin of history decades ago, the theory of  court-packing is as follows: If the Supreme Court is not deciding cases  to your liking, add more Justices to the Court until you start getting  the decisions that you want.   Listen to Democrats question judicial nominees, and it soon becomes  apparent that their biggest concern is not finding judges who will  uphold the law and the Constitution, but judges who will uphold  Democrats' political opinions and preferred policy outcomes. It is a  disturbing trend. It is natural to want your party to prevail and to  believe that your ideas are the best ones for the country. It is  another thing entirely to start acting like your opinions are the only  ones that should ever prevail, regardless of election outcomes or the  wishes of the American people.   I am proud that we are putting judges on the bench who will rule  according to the law and to the Constitution, not their personal  opinions, their political beliefs, or the political party of the  individuals before their court. I am proud that we are putting judges  on the bench who will help ensure that the rule of law is maintained  and that everyone in their courtroom receives the equal protection of  the law.   I look forward to confirming more excellent judges in the near  future.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   