 Madam Speaker, I would also argue that Article I does not  say you can do whatever you want to do. The Constitution says that, and  our Founding Fathers said that, as well.   Madam Speaker, for 38 days, I have objected to this impeachment probe  because it denies due process, fundamental transparency, and basic  fairness to Republicans, the White House, and the American people.   From day one, Democrats have ignored the rules and 45 years of  historic impeachment precedent.   Without any authorization, Adam Schiff has conducted a secret probe  outside of his committee's jurisdiction. He has blocked us from calling  our own witnesses. His witnesses are being interviewed behind closed  doors in the most secretive room in the United States Capitol.   That is not democracy.   He has muzzled Republicans--I have been in the room--placing a gag  order on depositions, while leaking cherry-picked facts to the press.  He refuses to even allow us to read the transcripts without being  babysat by a Democrat staffer.   He has refused to let us hear from the most important witness who  brought this entire thing: the whistleblower.   He has barred White House counsel from any participation.   And now, 38 days into the Democrats' rush to impeachment, Speaker  Pelosi claims she wants to establish ``rules'' and transparency. You  cannot make your game fair by allowing the opposing team onto the field  at the 2-minute warning.   The bipartisan precedents from Nixon and Clinton still must be  followed, and they are not being followed under this resolution. White  House counsel remains shut out of this process. This is unacceptable.   Only three times in our Nation's history has Congress exercised its  grave power of impeachment.   Our Founding Fathers, in Federalist Paper No. 65, Alexander Hamilton  warned us of abusing this power because they saw a future Congress  abusing it.    They foresaw a Congress at one point in history abusing  this process for partisan political gain.   Madam Speaker, instead of overturning an entire election with a  partisan weapon, we should just allow the American people to vote.   