 Mr. President, in virtually every aspect of our lives,  technology and innovation have made jobs simpler and made us much more  efficient. You can easily track your appointments, hail a ride, or even  change the temperature of your house from your smartphone. You can  broaden the reach of your small business, use fundraising platforms to  raise money for a cause you care about, and easily stay connected with  friends and family around the globe. But for all the ways these  innovations have made our daily life easier, they have also created an  array of security challenges.   We are all familiar with the high-profile hacking targeting customer  financial data and personal information. To be sure, it is scary, but  nowhere is the threat of this hyperinnovation more terrifying than on  the national security front.   The challenges we confront today look different from those 100, 50,  or even 5 years ago. We are seeing new technologies used in the  battlefield, like drones, and the race to develop next-generation  hypersonic missiles. Top military officials, including ADM Gary  Roughead, cochair of the Commission on National Defense Strategy, have  voiced their concerns about our ability as a nation to confront these  rapidly evolving threats. Admiral Roughead told Congress: ``We are  operating a force today that was last modernized in the 1980s.''   That is unacceptable. We cannot send our men and women in uniform  into battle to defend our freedom at a disadvantage or allow these  rapidly changing threats to outpace our ability to respond. Our  military should never be fighting next-generation wars with last- generation weapons and equipment.   Of course, the goal is not to have to fight any wars but to maintain  the peace through a superior military over any of our potential  adversaries. We must continue to invest in military modernization,  which is why we need to pass the National Defense Authorization Act,  the bill that is presently before the Senate.   This bill invests in cutting-edge technology to protect our  military's combat advantage, including to promote 5G networks, the  hypersonic weapons that we need to develop to maintain parity--at  least, with our adversaries--and artificial intelligence.  [[Page S4198]]    It also invests in nuclear weapons modernization, something I spoke  about on the floor just this last week. As our adversaries continue to  develop the use of their nuclear arsenal, maintaining a safe and strong  nuclear deterrent is the key to preventing nuclear war and keeping our  adversaries in check.   This year's Defense authorization bill also takes major steps to  improve the quality of life for our troops and their families.  America's 2.1 million servicemembers have made a commitment that few  are willing to make and have joined the ranks of America's heroes who  have defended our great country throughout our history.   This bill will provide a modest 3.1 percent pay raise for our  troops--the largest increase in a decade. I hope it will also include a  provision that I have introduced to support our servicemembers during  life after the military.   Occasionally, when veterans fall on hard times, their disability  benefits can be counted as income in bankruptcy court. That is not the  case for their civilian counterparts with their Social Security  disability, and it is unacceptable to me that a civilian with  disability benefits would get better treatment in bankruptcy court than  a veteran. To fix this issue, I have introduced a bill with Senator  Baldwin from Wisconsin, called the Honoring American Veterans in  Extreme Need Act, or the HAVEN Act. This bill would shield VA and  Department of Defense disability benefits in the same way that Social  Security disability is currently exempted.   Veterans should not be penalized fo receiving the disability  compensation they have earned, and I hope this provision will be  included in the Defense authorization bill, which we should soon be  able to vote on.    Passing this bill is not only important to the safety of our Nation,  but it is important for global security as well. It supports programs  and policies that will strengthen existing alliances and promote new  ones.   I am hopeful that the final version of this bill will include a  provision I have introduced to enhance our relationship with India. In  2016 the United States designated India as a major defense partner,  which seeks to elevate our defense partnership with India to the same  level as that of our closest allies.   Since then, we have taken a number of steps to strengthen our defense  relationship, such as establishing ministerial dialogue, increasing  arms sales to India, and the first U.S.-India tri-service exercise  later this year.   As cochair of the Senate India Caucus, I continue to advocate for  policies that strengthen our ties with India, both militarily and  otherwise. I introduced legislation that requires the Secretary of  Defense to submit a report to Congress on U.S.-India defense  cooperation in the Western Indian Ocean within 180 days of enactment.  This will allow us to get a clearer picture of current military  activities and will enable the Secretary to enter into military  cooperation agreements and conduct regular joint military training and  operations with India in the Western Indian Ocean.   Including this provision in the National Defense Authorization Act  would be a major step to bolster U.S.-India ties and strengthen our  alliance. It is only fitting for the world's oldest democracy and the  world's largest democracy to continue to work more and more closely  together.   As we work to counter increasingly sophisticated adversaries around  the world, passing the Defense authorization bill this week could not  be more important. This legislation is integral to ensuring that our  military is resourced and trained and ready for action when called  upon.   That is why for more than 50 years, Congress has made passing the  Defense authorization bill an annual priority. Funding our men and  women in uniform who are fighting and facing unprecedented threats  around the world on our behalf is a no-brainer. I look forward to  voting to support the NDAA later this week, and I want to thank  Chairman Inhofe and the ranking member, Senator Reed, for working to  get this bill passed with broad bipartisan support, as well as thank  the Senate Armed Services Committee for working to get this bill to  this point and bringing it to the floor in a broad, bipartisan way.   This bill provides our military men and women the resources and  equipment they need to defend our country and later transition back  into civilian life. It restores our combat advantage by promoting  military modernization. It strengthens and builds alliances around the  globe. Above all, it sends a message to the entire world that our  country is and will remain the global military leader.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   