 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume. I appreciate the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Bass).  She did a great job explaining this bill. This is an easy bill. This is  one that we should come to. This is exactly why suspensions exist, to  do something like this.   On a personal note, as a member of the Air Force Reserve, someone who  has been both in the Navy and Air Force, serving in Iraq and others,  this is something that is very good.   In my home of Hall County, Georgia, the veterans courts have been set  up for several years now. We see the mentoring aspect, the peer  activity, something that we gained in the military and something that  is very important and vital for these individuals who have gone through  run-ins with the law on many occasions, on different ideas, especially  if it has to do with things that came out of their service. We owe them  no greater debt than we do others, to make sure that they have a chance  to get their lives back straight.   Veteran treatments court do that, and this coordination act puts the  emphasis on it from a Federal level.   I could not think of a better way to start this week. Hopefully,  holding a good bill together, that we could get this to the Senate as  quickly as possible, and get it, even more importantly, to the  President's desk so that it becomes more than a political statement but  actually a law.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, if the gentlewoman has no more  speakers, I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. I appreciate everybody and all the  hard work that has gone into it.   When we take time to come together and lock arms to do these kinds of  bills, these are things that actually move the needle for people back  home, the reason we are here. This is very easy to support. This should  be a simple voice vote. Get it done, and get this done.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from California, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   