 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lofgren for her  amazing leadership on this bill. It is an honor to have her as a  colleague. It is an honor to have her as my direct neighbor to the  north in California.   Madam Speaker, let me also take this time to thank Representative    Dan Newhouse for his courage, his willingness to be bold on this bill  was phenomenal.   Let me thank both of their staffs for the amazing amount of work that  they did on this bill.   Madam Speaker, let me thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle who have worked on this bill, especially Fred Upton and the  Problem Solvers Caucus, who are supporting this bill.   This bill, the Farm Workforce Modernization Act, is a step in the  right direction for our agriculture, for immigration reform, and, yes,  even this Congress.   This bill would protect our existing ag workers, and it promotes an  enduring ag workforce. This bill does that by allowing those who have  worked in ag to stay working in ag and the opportunity to earn a  pathway here in this country.   It does that by modernizing an outdated system for temporary workers  and adding 3-year visas for year-round workers. It does that by  ensuring a number of visas, fair wages, a supply of housing, and safe  working conditions.   By passing this bill, finally, farmers will have access to a  dependable and experienced workforce, and farmworkers will not get just  the legality, but the dignity that they deserve.   I am not only proud of the product in this bill, but all of us here  in the House of Representatives should be extremely proud of the  process behind the formulation of this bill.    For the past 9 months out of this year, farmers and farmworkers,  Democrats and Republicans, came to the table, sat at the table, and  stayed at the table to grind out the details in this bill.   Now, yes, it is not a perfect bill, but it really is a darn good  bill, a bill which is the result of a compromise. That is why this bill  is a huge step in the right direction for farmers, for farmworkers, for  our agricultural communities, for our country, for Democrats and  Republicans in this Congress, and for who we are as a democracy, built  on a nation of immigrants.   