 Mr. President, I honor the service and sacrifices of our  veterans and their families every day. As we approach the 101st  Veterans Day on Monday, I want to take a moment to pay special tribute  to the men and women who have worn a uniform in defense of our great  Nation, its people, and our values.   Progress usually is a good thing, but sometimes it comes with  frightful consequences. The industrial revolution brought the  development of weapons and tactics that enabled humankind to wage war  and carnage upon itself at a level never before seen. By the end of  World War I, there were approximately 40 million military and civilian  casualties. H.G. Wells predicted it would be ``the war to end war.''  Tragically, that was not the case.   The United States played an instrumental role in ending World War I,  then known as the Great War. On the 11th hour of the 11th day of the  11th month in 1918, Germany signed an armistice with the Allies in a  railroad car outside Compiegne, France. One hundred years ago, on  November 11, 1919--exactly 1 year after the signing of the armistice  with Germany--President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed the first ``Armistice  Day'' to commemorate the day. On that occasion, he stated: ``To us in  America, the reflections of Armistice Day will be filled with solemn  pride in the heroism of those who died in the country's service and  with gratitude for the victory.''   Maryland played a critical role in ending that conflict with victory.  Prominent military installations such as Fort Meade and Aberdeen  Proving Grounds rapidly trained and deployed troops to Europe, and  about 2,000 Maryland servicemembers made the ultimate sacrifice in  defense of our freedom and ideals.   Congress passed legislation to establish Armistice Day as a legal  holiday in 1938, ``dedicated to the cause of world peace.''   The advent of World War II brought new challenges to America. Just as  before, countless brave men and women stepped forward to do their part  in service of their country. And just as before, Marylanders stepped  forward arm-in-arm with their fellow citizens. The mighty Bethlehem- Fairfield Shipyard in Baltimore produced hundreds of ships at dizzying  speed to fight a war across a great ocean. Just a few miles from there,  Glenn L. Martin Company's Aircraft produced A-22 Maryland bombers among  other critically important aircraft in the battle for air superiority.   Marylanders heroically fought on battlefields across the European and  Pacific theatres. In all, 6,454 Marylanders lost their lives in World  War II. Their names are memorialized in the granite of the Maryland  World War II Monument in Annapolis.   In 1954, after the Korean war, veterans service organizations urged  Congress to amend the 1931 act by striking out the word ``Armistice''  and inserting the word ``Veterans.'' With the approval of this  legislation on June 1, 1954, November 11 became a day to thank and  honor all American veterans who have served in wartime and peacetime.   Successive conflicts and a rapidly modernizing world have brought  their own unique national security challenges, but Americans' bravery  and willingness to serve has never wavered. Our Nation's security has  always depended on the men and women of our military, and for their  service, we are eternally indebted.   Maryland continues to play a strategic role in our Nation's security  infrastructure. The Old Line State is home to 11 military  installations. Among the facilities are Joint Base Andrews, which is  home to the President's two Boeing VC-25 airplanes, which have the call  sign ``Air Force One'' while the Commander-in-Chief is on board, and  the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, which has been training  midshipmen since 1845.   We honor all those men and women who have endeavored to protect our  country and preserve our democracy so that Americans may live free from  tyranny. Maryland is fortunate to be home to about 371,000 military  veterans. These servant-leaders live amongst us as schoolteachers,  small business owners, homemakers, public servants and most every other  profession and they continue to give back to our communities.   Let us all honor our veterans on this solemn day and every day by  holding the values they fought so gallantly to defend and by providing  them with the benefits they earned through blood, sweat, courage, and  perseverance.   On this Veterans Day, I join all Americans in thanking our veterans  for their service, their sacrifice, and for being role models for  future generations of Americans who will pick up the mantle of  defending our great country.   