 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed to the bill in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this amendment will not kill the bill but  simply strengthen it so the House can send a strong message to China.   I offer this MTR for a very simple reason: China is a problem. China  is a major human rights violator; China is responsible for  unprecedented amounts of personal data and intellectual property theft;  and China's military seeks to extend its reach throughout the world.   Based on my experience in the Department of Defense and in  intelligence communities, I can personally attest to the multitude of  threats China poses.   If my colleagues across the aisle believe that part of a healthy Ex- Im Bank is ignoring the issues China presents, then go ahead and vote  against this MTR and guarantee uncertainty for long-term Ex-Im  reauthorization.   But if, like me, you understand and care about what happens to  freedom and democracy around the world, and if you care about human  rights around the world and you want to see the Bank reauthorized with  a purpose, then please join me in supporting this MTR that imposes  necessary and just requirements for entities wishing to do business  with Chinese state-owned enterprises.   I want to share a quote from our Speaker of the House on China. When  speaking to a group of survivors at the 30-year anniversary of  Tiananmen Square, Speaker Pelosi said: ``We cannot allow economic  interests with China to blind us to the moral injustices committed by  China.'' And about an hour ago, the Speaker came to the well and  documented Chinese human rights abuses and actions and said, ``It is  against humanity.''   Well said, Madam Speaker. I couldn't agree more. I would also like to  add that missing from that quote is that we should not allow economic  interests with China to blind us to the threats of national security.   In that same vein, earlier this week, the Financial Services  Committee held a hearing focused on multilateral development banks. My  colleague, Mr. Sherman, who is the chair of the Asia, the Pacific, and  Nonproliferation Subcommittee of the House Foreign Affairs Committee,  attended that hearing and spoke eloquently and forcefully, arguing:  ``As long as China benefits one penny from this institution, it is an  attack on the national security of the United States.''  [[Page H8900]]    Well, if Mr. Sherman is alarmed by World Bank loans benefiting small- scale farmers in China, surely he and his colleagues don't want Ex-Im  assistance supporting China's largest semiconductor manufacturer,  China's major technology providers such as Huawei, or China's Export- Import Banks or their state-owned shipping groups that are taking over  ports in Europe, South America and other parts of the world as we  speak.   The questions we face today are not partisan. The question is: Do we  as Americans, as Members of Congress that have sworn an oath to protect  this country, allow Ex-Im to finance Chinese Government-controlled  entities that are building military installations in the South China  Sea, installations which one day may threaten the lives of U.S.  servicemembers?   Do we allow Ex-Im to support Chinese companies that support Beijing's  brutal oppression of religious minorities in western China or the  surveillance of freedom-loving protesters in Hong Kong?   I use these examples to make the point that we are united in this  body, and we should be. It is easy, it is simple, and it is good for  America and American businesses and good for the millions of oppressed  people in China that we pass this MTR.   To make this amendment even easier to implement, it does not mandate  any particular bureaucratic procedures for Ex-Im. My amendment achieves  the same objective of the original bipartisan Waters-McHenry agreement,  but provides more flexibility so that Ex-Im can remain nimble.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to say to all of my colleagues  who claim to be interested in helping American workers and American  businesses two things: pass USMCA, pass an Ex-Im reauthorization that  is tough on China and also good for American workers. These things are  not mutually exclusive.   To borrow the phrase so many of my colleagues like to use: We can  walk and chew gum at the same time. And we could do it easily today  with bipartisan support. If the people's House does the people's  business, then the Senate will take those measures up and the President  will sign them into law and your constituents will thank you for it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   