 Madam Chair, I wish to speak on behalf of the amendment.    Madam Chair, I begin by thanking the chairman of the  committee and his staff for their dedication to getting this amendment  here today and for their long and strong defense of our electoral  system from foreign interference.   Madam Chair, a few weeks ago, Special Counsel Robert Mueller stood  before the American people and issued a stern warning and an ominous  challenge. In what he referred to as the central allegation of his 2- year-long investigation, he told us that there were ``multiple,  systemic efforts to interfere in our election. That allegation deserves  the attention of every American.''   Our democracy was attacked, our government undermined, and our  election system weakened. We were manipulated.   A foreign adversary exposed many of our worst impulses as they  hacked, prodded, forged, stole, lied, and exploited in a coordinated  and sustained effort to change the trajectory of this country.   We cannot change what happened in 2016, but we can learn from it  because our adversaries certainly did. They watched as politicians were  all too eager to use hacked material. They took notes as social media  networks were used to inflame racial, geographic, and demographic  divisions.   According to the ``Worldwide Threat Assessment'' by the Director of  National Intelligence, Dan Coats, Russia, China, and Iran already have  their eyes trained on 2020.   That is why we must proactively create a foreign threat response  center tasked with identifying and rejecting any attempts by any  adversary to influence our political process because we cannot hold  ourselves up as a beacon of democracy if we are not willing to defend  the institutions upon which our democratic system rests.   By removing politics from this response and coordinating it under one  roof within the intelligence community, we can rebuild that faith in  our system.   In this body, we have no greater responsibility than to protect the  sanctity of our elections, to protect the trust of our citizens, and to  protect our faith in government. That is what this amendment codifies.   Madam Chair, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining?    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Schiff).    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I would just say, in closing, that I appreciate the gentleman's words  and the work that they did with us to get the report language into the  version last year. I would point out that much of the intent behind  this legislation and this amendment is directly related to what the  gentleman indicated around an ongoing threat assessment from Russia,  China, and Iran.   The issue isn't so much, has that threat been identified? It is, what  has the Intelligence Committee done to ensure the sanctity and the  purity of those elections?   I think this amendment speaks for itself. I urge my colleagues to  adopt it.   I yield back the balance of my time.   