 Mr. President, I am going to be joined on the floor over  the course of about an hour or so by Members of the Senate who are  desperate for our colleagues to wake up and recognize that the time for  action to quell the epidemic of gun violence in this country is now. It  was also last week. It was also a month ago and a year ago and 6 years  ago. It was also nearly 7 years ago, after the shooting in my State of  Connecticut that felled 20 little 6- and 7-year-olds attending first  grade at Sandy Hook Elementary School.   We tend to pay attention to the mass shootings--the ones in Odessa,  El Paso, Dayton, and Newtown--but every single day in this country, 93  people die from gunshot wounds. Most of those are suicides, but many of  them are homicides, and others are accidental shootings. When you total  it up, we are losing about 33,000 people every year from gun violence  and gunshot wounds.   Those numbers may not be that meaningful to you because it is a big  country, but how does that compare to the rest of the world or at least  the rest of the high-income world? Well, that is about 10 times higher  than other countries of similar income and of similar situation as the  United States. Something different is happening here. It is not that we  have more mental illness. It is not that we have less mental health  treatment. It is not that we have less resources going into law  enforcement. The difference is that we have guns spread out all over  this Nation, many of them illegal and many of them of a caliber and  capacity that were designed for the military in which this slaughter  becomes predictable. We have a chance to do something about it right  now in the U.S. Congress. We have a chance to try to find some way to  come together over some commonsense measures.   I just got off the phone--a 40-minute conversation with the President  of the United States. I was glad that he was willing to take that  amount of time with me, Senator Manchin, and Senator Toomey to talk  about whether we can figure out a way to get Republicans and Democrats  on board with a proposal to expand background checks to more gun sales  in this Nation. In particular, we were talking about expanding  background checks to commercial gun sales. That is certainly not as far  as I would like to go, but I understand that part of my job here is to  argue for my beliefs and my convictions but then try to find a  compromise.   There is no single legislative initiative that will solve all of  these issues, but what we know is, if you want to take the biggest bite  out of gun crime as quickly as possible, increasing the number of  background checks done in this country is the way to go. All we are  trying to do here is make sure that when you buy a gun, you prove that  you aren't someone with a serious criminal history or that you aren't  someone who has a serious history of mental illness.   In 2017, about 170,000 people in this country went into a store,  tried to buy a gun, and were denied that sale because they had an  offense on their record or a period of time in an inpatient psychiatric  unit, which prohibited them from buying a gun. Of those 170,000 sales  that were denied, 39 percent of them were convicted felons who had  tried to come in and buy a gun, many of them knowing they were likely  prohibited from buying those guns.   The problem is, that isn't a barrier to buying a weapon--being denied  a sale at a gun store. Why do we know that? It is because just a few  weeks ago in Texas, a gunman who went in and shot up 7 people who died  and 23 who were injured failed a background check because he had been  diagnosed by a clinician as mentally ill and had triggered one of those  prohibiting clauses, but then he went and bought the gun from a private  seller, knowing that he wouldn't have to go through a background check  if he bought the weapon from a place in Texas that didn't have  [[Page S5423]]  a background check attached to it. He then took that weapon and turned  it on civilians.   This happens over and over again every single day. Estimates are that  at least 20 percent of all gun sales in this country happen without a  background check. These aren't gifts of guns to a relative or a loaner  to somebody who is going to go and use it for hunting on a Saturday or  Sunday; this is about legitimate commercial transactions, 20 percent of  which, when they involve guns, happen without a background check.   We also have plenty of data from States that have decided to expand  background checks to make them universal. States requiring universal  background checks for all gun sales have homicide rates that are 15  percent lower than States that don't have those laws.   In Connecticut, we have research showing that when we extended  background checks to all gun sales through a local permitting process,  we had a 40-percent reduction in gun homicide rates. Compare that with  the State of Missouri, which repealed its permitting law, which was  their way of making sure that everybody who buys a gun has to get a  background check. They saw a 23-percent increase in firearm homicides  immediately after they started allowing people to buy guns without a  background check.    There is your data. It is pretty incontrovertible. You can get pretty  immediate and serious returns--safety returns--if you expand background  checks to all gun purchases. But the benefit to a U.S. Senator who has  to go back for reelection every 6 years is that not only are background  checks as a legislative initiative impactful, they are also very  politically popular. In fact, very few things are more popular than  expanding background checks to more gun sales.   Ninety percent of Americans want universal background checks. Apple  pie is not that popular. Baseball is not that popular. Background  checks are. You are not going to get in trouble with your constituents  if you vote to expand background checks to all commercial sales or all  private sales in this country. You are going to get rewarded  politically if you do that. I don't argue that that is the reason you  vote for background checks, but I think you should accept the plaudits  that will come to you from your constituents if you support this  measure.   I don't think the President has made up his mind yet. After spending  about 40 minutes on the phone with him this afternoon, I don't know  that the President is convinced yet that he should support universal  background checks.   I was with the President right after the Parkland shooting, and he  said he would support universal background checks, and then he didn't  support them after speaking to representatives of the gun lobby. I am  sure the gun lobby will come in and talk to the President this  afternoon or tomorrow and try to explain to him why he should once  again endorse the status quo.   The status quo is not acceptable to Americans in this country. People  are sick and tired of feeling unsafe when they walk into a Walmart.  Parents are heartbroken when their children come home and tell them  about the latest active-shooter drill they participated in. I know that  from direct experience, having listened to my then-kindergartner tell  me about being stuffed into a tiny bathroom with 25 of his other  colleagues and told by his teacher to remain as quiet as possible  because they were practicing what would happen if a stranger came into  their school. Some of the kids knew what it was really about and some  of them didn't, but my 7-year-old--6 years old at the time--knew enough  to say to me: ``Daddy, I didn't like it.'' No child should have to fear  for their safety when they walk to school.   I am not saying that universal background checks can solve all of our  gun violence issues in this country. I will say that beyond the lives  that it will save, it will also send a message to our children and to  families in this country that we are not encased in concrete, that we  are trying our best to reach out across the aisle and come to some  conclusion to at least save some lives.   I will tell you that peace of mind, that moral signal of compassion  and concern that we will send, will have a value, as well, next to and  beside the actual lives we will save.   Leilah Hernandez was 15 years old. She was a high school student when  she was shot by the gunman in Odessa, TX. Her grandmother Nora  explained how Leilah would spend a lot of her time with family and  would drop by after school to visit her grandmother. She described  Leilah as a happy girl who adored her parents. She was described at her  funeral as ``a naturally shy girl who became a quiet leader on the  basketball court.''   Lois Oglesby was 27 when she was killed in the Dayton shooting. Her  friend Derasha Merrett said: ``She was a wonderful mother, a wonderful  person.'' According to the children's father, Oglesby face-timed him  after she was shot, saying ``Babe, I just got shot in my head. I need  to get to my kids.'' She died that day in Dayton.   Jordan and Andre Anchondo were 25 and 23 years old when they were  amongst the 22 who were killed in El Paso. The couple had dropped their  5-year-old daughter at cheer practice, and then they went to Walmart to  pick up some back-to-school supplies. Their 2-month-old son Paul was  with them. He survived the shooting, probably because it looks like  Jordan died shielding her baby, while Andre jumped in front of the two  of them. The baby was found under Jordan's body and miraculously  suffered only two broken fingers.   On August 31 in Buffalo, NY, Norzell Aldridge saw an altercation  happening from a distance. He went over to the altercation to try to  defuse the situation. He was a youth league football coach. As he tried  to deal with this altercation, he was shot and killed. One of his  friends said: ``The guy died a hero trying to save somebody else's  life.'' One of the folks who work in football with him said: ``His  legacy will always be never give up, give it your all, and now his  legacy is through his son.''   You haven't heard of Norzell because he didn't die in a mass  shooting. He is just one of the routine gun murders that happen every  single day in this country. It matters just as much as those that  occurred in El Paso and Dayton and Odessa, and we can do something  about those right now.   I am begging the President to come to the table and agree to a  commonsense background checks expansion bill that will save lives. I am  begging my colleagues here to do the same--figure out a way to get to  yes. There is no political liability in it for you. There are thousands  and thousands of lives to be saved.   I yield the floor.   