 Madam Speaker, it is deeply unfortunate that we have to  undertake this impeachment proceeding that unfolds this evening, but  the part we play in this process is not optional.   Among other things, as the Intelligence Committee and Committee on  the Judiciary have painstakingly documented, the President has indeed  abused his authority, and he has indeed obstructed justice.   He threatened to withhold congressionally appropriated U.S. taxpayer  dollars from an ally under attack from Russia unless they agreed to  interfere in our election on his behalf. He has expressed no remorse,  and he continues to maintain that his behavior was ``perfect,'' while  simultaneously obstructing legitimate congressional oversight and  subpoenas and blocking members of his administration from providing  truthful testimony to investigators.   His actions are so far beyond the pale that they have left us with no  remaining recourse except impeachment, and so we shall impeach because,  as drastic and as unwelcome as this step is, our country faces even  greater long-term risk if we fail to respond.   We cannot excuse a President who feels entitled to disregard or break  the law with impunity. We are a nation built upon the rule of law, not  the law of rulers.   The Framers gave us their best effort in 1787, and, indeed, it was an  extraordinary one. The Constitution they set down wasn't perfect, but  it founded a republic that has endured and thrived with exceptional  stability.    As the late Senator Moynihan pointed out, only two countries in the  world both existed in 1800 and have never had their governments changed  by violence since then: the United States and Britain. Only eight  governments have existed since 1914 and have not had their form of  government changed by force since then: the United States, the United  Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, Sweden, and  Switzerland.   The innovative system of checks and balances that they constructed,  with the separation of powers, brought about and successfully  negotiated a generation of challenges that we have sustained.   In the very first week that the Framers began crafting this blueprint  for America's freedom and stability, negotiations immediately started  on impeachment. No government in the world at that time exposed the  head of government to impeachment, but America was to be different.   In the view of the Framers, impeachment is in no way a constitutional  crisis. It is a process that the Framers wisely judged that we would  sometimes need. This evening is one of those rare moments.   Madison worried that, one day, the country would elect a President  who ``might pervert his administration into a scheme of peculation or  oppression. He might betray his trust to foreign powers.'' George Mason  asked the Delegates: ``Shall any man to be above justice? Above all,  shall that man be above it who can commit the most extensive  injustice?''   Of course not, because having just thrown off one King, they would  never consent to anoint another one. America firmly rejected the notion  of divine right.    Article I of the Constitution prescribes Congress as the  first branch of government. Just as importantly, let me quote Speaker  Rayburn, who was asked: How many Presidents did you serve under?   Speaker Rayburn answered: None. I served with seven Presidents of the  United States.   Impeachment is reserved for moments of grave danger when the  constitutional order becomes dangerously out of balance, moments like  this one. That is why I will vote to impeach.   