 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California,  [[Page H2695]]  and I thank the gentleman from Georgia. I have not heard you two be so  agreeable. Disagreeable is what usually you are, but so agreeable, and  the reason there is agreement here is, we all want to see what is in  this report.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule and the underlying  resolution, and I would like to remind everybody about what the Mueller  investigation is about. Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. Presidential  election with, in my opinion, the goal of helping Donald Trump be  elected.   This is a fact confirmed by the U.S. intelligence community, as well  as by the House and Senate Intelligence Committees. This should concern  every American, Republican, Democrat, or Independent.   In response to this unprecedented attack on our elections, Robert  Mueller was appointed to serve as special counsel for the Justice  Department to follow the facts wherever they may lead, whether they  implicate people or exonerate people. We need to know precisely what  happened, understand who was involved, how it was accomplished, and,  ultimately, hold those responsible for this attack on our election  accountable under our laws. This investigation will also ensure we  better protect our elections in the future.   Now, we have had 2 convictions of Mr. Manafort, 7 guilty pleas, 34  people and 3 companies indicted as part of the Mueller investigation.  Six of the people indicted were part of President Trump's inner circle  with the campaign and business. So it is important for us to understand  precisely what is in the report.   I appreciate the fact that the Rules Committee unanimously supported  this particular rule and the underlying resolution, and I say to my  friend from Georgia, you are right. The law is what it is and that it  says the report should be withheld until fully written and prepared.  And then if Mr. Barr does what he says he was going to do, it will be  made available to all of us.   We are emphasizing that point because Americans should know precisely  what happened and where this investigation has led. I thank my friend  from California for bringing this rule.   