 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the new Chair of the  House Small Business Committee Congresswoman Nydia Velazquez for her  leadership on this issue and for working with me during the 115th  Congress when the Encouraging Small Business Innovation Act first  passed in the House. I also want to congratulate Congressman Rouda on  his success in moving this issue forward in the 116th Congress and  thank him for his commitment to spur innovation and address the issue  of underrepresentation of minorities in the small business community.   The Encouraging Small Business Innovation Act is thoughtful and  constructive legislation. Even in this modern day, we have heard from  many minority and women-owned small businesses that they continue to  face institutional challenges to growing their businesses. A 2013  report commissioned by the Small Business Administration found that  women-owned small businesses do not have equal access to capital from  the private sector as compared to their male peers. Furthermore, the  Small Business Administration's own Office of Advocacy has said that,  ``There are fewer minority-owned businesses representing high-patenting  industries than in all industries.''   Through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small  Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs, the Small Business  Administration works with partners in eleven federal agencies ranging  from the Department of Agriculture to NASA to support small businesses,  especially those that are owned by members of identified disadvantaged  communities. While these programs have made some headway in encouraging  innovation and entrepreneurship among women and many minority  communities, this vital investment can only be used for research and  development. There is no consideration given for testing and  evaluation, an extremely resource-heavy task for small businesses. What  good is a product or a method when you don't know if it works  effectively or efficiently? The Small Business Innovation Act addresses  this problem by including ``testing'' and ``evaluation'' among the  activities for which SBIR and STTR applicants can seek funding. This  will empower more underrepresented entrepreneurs to develop new  products, expand upon new ideas, and gain respected external  validators.   The Small Business Innovation Act also includes a number of other  provisions that I believe will significantly help expand  entrepreneurship in underserved communities. For example, the bill  incentivizes mentorship with previous SBIR- and STTR-recipient  companies that have found success in the programs to impart their  knowledge and share their experience. It also welcomes investment by  Small Business Investment Companies into SBIR and STTR projects, which  will increase the investment of capital from more diverse streams of  funding. The bill also prioritizes data collection and reporting,  ensuring that evaluation of the program leads to increased efficiency  and additional participation. Finally, and most importantly, the bill  makes explicit commitments to increasing the participation of  underserved populations in the small business community.   So again, I thank my colleague, Mr. Rouda, and Chairwoman Velazquez  for taking up this important cause and I congratulate them both on a  job well done.   