 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her work in this  area, and for allowing those of us who are interested in this  legislation to play a major role.   As many of my colleagues are aware, national security is one of the  most pressing matters facing the United States of America and the  world. I am excited for the opportunities that this moment presents to  address these issues head on.   Our most profound responsibility as Members of Congress is to  preserve America's national security and the United States' global  position as an international leader in free and fair markets.   Since the last major anti-money laundering reforms of 2001, the  national security threats that face our country have evolved profoundly  and significantly, and frighteningly. Cyber and technological attacks  have risen to the top of our most recent worldwide threat assessment as  a paramount national security risk.   Underground online trafficking now allows for simplified avenues to  transport illicit material across the Nation and around the globe, and  cryptocurrencies now allow for streamlined means to fund criminal  organizations. With virtual currency, dark web marketplaces and illicit  technologies expanding to threaten citizens safety and hard-earned  savings, it is critically important, Mr. Speaker, that our federal  agencies evolve to meet and conquer these new challenges.   The COUNTER Act will do just that. This legislation will empower the  Treasury Department to protect our national security and explicitly  safeguard our financial systems through the Bank Secrecy Act.   It codifies a voluntary information-sharing program between law  enforcement, financial institutions, and the Treasury Department,  better ensuring the capture of illicit activities.   It balances national security and personal privacy by requiring  Treasury and financial regulators to create the position of civil  liberty and privacy officer. This officer will ensure that policies  being developed and implemented are not intruding or undermining  citizens' constitutional rights.   While the bill will close a number of loopholes that have allowed for  financial crimes to be committed, it will also pull us into the 21st  century by positioning the United States to face tomorrow's challenges.   The bill encourages financial regulators to work with companies to  implement innovative approaches to meet the requirements in complying  with existing law and encourages the use of innovative pilot programs.   Financial regulators will establish an innovation lab that will  provide outreach to law enforcement, financial institutions, and  others, to coordinate on  [[Page H8320]]  innovative and new technologies, ensuring they comply with existing law  while fostering the implementation of new technologies. An innovation  council will also be created, represented by the directors from each  innovation lab, who will coordinate on active Bank Secrecy Act  compliance.   It is imperative that we modernize our efforts to combat financial  crimes because our adversaries will continue to modernize. I am happy  that this bill is coming before us, the COUNTER Act, as an amendment to  Congresswoman Maloney's bill, the Corporate Transparency Act, which I  know she and her team have worked very hard to produce.   The straightforward bill, Mr. Speaker, provides needed visibility by  requiring companies and the United States to disclose the financial  beneficiary in order to prevent criminals and wrongdoers from  exploiting their status as a company.   Mr. Speaker, these are critical proposals. I urge my colleagues to  support this legislation, and I thank Chairwoman Waters.   