 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I would like to address why we are here.   We are certainly not here because of a misquoted phone call in July  of 2019.   The Washington Post ran an article, headlined, ``The Campaign to  Impeach President Trump Has Begun,'' the day he was sworn in.   The gentleman from Maryland who spoke earlier today called for  impeachment 2 days before President Trump was sworn in.   The gentleman from Texas was introducing impeachment resolutions 2  years ago and said: President Trump should be impeached so he can't get  reelected.   This impeachment is not about anything that happened on a phone call.  This impeachment is about what President Trump has done.   The people in this country who are let in who are inadmissible or  apprehended and don't have legal authority fell from 100,000 people in  May to under 5,000 people in November, and you hate him for it.   Ben Carson thinks that low-income housing should be used by American  citizens and not people who are here illegally, and you hate him for  it.   President Trump doesn't want people coming here and going on welfare,  and you hate him for it.   President Trump wants able-bodied people on food stamps to try to  work, and he is hated for it.   President Trump renegotiated that rip-off trade agreement with Mexico  and Canada and that was put in place by President Bush and President  Obama, and you hate him for it.   President Trump sides with law enforcement instead of criminals and  murders dropped 1,000 people last year, and you hate him for siding  with the police.   President Trump lets Christian adoption agencies choose whom they  want to be parents, and you don't like him for that.   President Trump won't let foreign aid go to agencies that perform  abortions, and you hate him for that.   President Trump's judges stick to the Constitution, and he is  disliked for that.   President Trump is keeping his campaign promises, and you hate him  for that.   