 Madam President, I am very happy to be joined on the floor  with Senator Merkley, who has worked with me for a long time on the For  the People Act, and we will both be speaking here in that order.   The American people sent us here to do the people's business, but  under Republican leadership, the Senate is not responding to what the  American people need and want. We are not solving the kitchen table  issues the American people elected us to face every day.   For example, we are not making sure every American has access to  affordable, quality healthcare. We need to lower costs and take on Big  Pharma, and we are not doing that. We are not passing commonsense gun  safety legislation that 90 percent of the voters support in order to  stop shootings in the schools, on our streets, and in our communities.  If we can't pass bills that save children's lives, our democracy is not  working. We are not even taking on the most pressing issue that faces  our planet--climate change. Younger generations are urging us to act,  but this body is running away from taking any action.   The number of gravestones in the majority leader's legislative  graveyard--where urgent bills are stalled and buried--steadily mounts.  Bills keep going into the majority leader's graveyard, but Congress  will not and cannot do the people's business when the bills to fix our  democracy also rest in that graveyard.   The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the For the People  Act, H.R. 1. It passed it in March. At the same time, I introduced the  Senate companion to the For the People Act, which has the support of  all 47 Democrats and Independents in the Senate. Yet, along with a pile  of other good and necessary bills, Leader McConnell has buried the For  the People Act.   The For the People Act repairs our broken campaign finance system,  opens up the ballot box to all Americans, and lays waste to the  corruption in Washington. These are all reforms that the American  people support. Why will the Senate majority leader not let us vote on  them?   There is hardly a day that goes by that we don't see evidence of why  it is so important that we pass the For the People Act. Foreign  influence in our elections is only growing, and 2016 was just the  start. Associates of the President's personal lawyer have been indicted  for laundering foreign money into our elections. The President's lawyer  is under investigation for the same. Political ads from foreign sources  are flooding social media.   Our bill fights foreign tampering in our democracy. It prohibits  domestic corporations with foreign control from spending money in U.S.  elections. It cracks down on shell companies that are used in order to  launder foreign money into our elections. Our bill makes sure that  American elections  [[Page S6282]]  are decided by American voters without there being foreign  interference. It protects our democratic institutions, increases  oversight over election vendors, requires paper ballots, and supports  security upgrades for States' voting systems.   This body should have gotten serious about election security  immediately after the 2016 election, but under the majority leader's  direction, we have not done that.   At a time of increased foreign interference, the President has  invited foreign assistance in any way it might benefit him personally,  politically, or financially. Day in and day out, we see this President  taking full advantage of his position to benefit himself, his family,  and his political prospects.   The President never divested. He never formed a blind trust for his  assets. Every day, we see foreign officials and foreign nationals  currying favor with the President and padding his pocketbook, wining  and dining at the Trump properties. Indeed, Mr. Giuliani and his two  close associates lunched at the Trump International Hotel, right here  in Washington, just before these two individuals were picked up at  the Washington Dulles International Airport with their one-way tickets  abroad. The same individuals have been charged with illegally funneling  foreign money into our democracy. In addition, the President only  relented from hosting the next G7 summit at his Doral resort in Miami  after the Republicans told him that even they couldn't defend that.    All the while, the President calls the emoluments clause--intended to  stop these very abuses--phony.   The For the People Act requires the President to fully disclose his  or her financial interests and disclose the last 10 years of his or her  tax returns, which is something this President has never done. It  requires the President to fully divest and transfer all of his or her  assets to a blind trust. The American people deserve to know their  President is acting in the national interest, not in his or her own  self-interest, and not being subjected to leverage by foreign interests  that seek to corrupt our electoral process.   The intelligence community has been very clear with its disturbing  warnings. Adverse foreign interests are actively trying to manipulate  our democracy. They did so in 2016 as the Mueller report and  prosecutions from that investigation confirmed. They will try to do so  again in 2020. We are watching it happen in realtime before our eyes.   These foreign interests are not red or blue--not Democratic or  Republican. They will use whomever they can to pursue their interests-- interests that are often opposed to ours or are simply corrupt. We must  unite in the defense of our electoral system and in the defense of the  sanctity of our democracy. Like the other bills the Democrats are  seeking to pass this week, the For the People Act would provide that  protection. The House's version, H.R. 1, would do so as well.   We want to partner with the Republicans in these efforts, and we are  open to negotiation. Yet, while the American people demand that we fix  our out-of-control campaign finance system, make sure elections are  secure, and root out the corruption in Washington, bills to address  these issues gather dust on the leader's desk.   I, for one, will not stop fighting for the comprehensive democratic  reforms that we need and for bringing power back to the people--where  the Founders intended it to be. Our democracy will always be worth the  fight.   Once again, Senator Merkley has been a great partner to work with on  the For the People Act.   I yield to the Senator from Oregon.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Finance  Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 949, the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider  be made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, this bill does just the opposite. It  supports States. It doesn't take over from States. The States have  asked us for help when it comes to actions like cybersecurity and other  things that are happening out there. It roots out foreign interference  in our elections which happens in Federal elections and happens in  State elections and, I think, can only be done at the Federal level.   The distinguished Senator from Missouri says that these things that  are being required, States are adopting all of these. States are moving  very aggressively forward with things like automatic registration and  moving to make it easier to vote, and we are trying to lay a consistent  basis so the States know how to operate. So this is a good bill. It is  a solid bill. It puts the American people back in charge.   I yield the floor.   