 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to speak  in support of my friend Cheryl Marie Stanton, who is well qualified to  be the Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division within the U.S.  Department of Labor. In her previous role as executive director for the  South Carolina Department of Employment and Workforce, she gained  valuable experience that will prepare her well for the role she is  about to take on within the U.S. Department of Labor. She is also  someone who has vast experience in labor and employment law, both in  public life and in the private sector. She also served as Associate  White House Counsel, as liaison to the Department of Labor.   Cheryl currently works at the Social Security Administration as  associate to the Chief of Staff. She previously served as the executive  director for the South Carolina Department of Employment and Workforce,  to which she was appointed by then-Governor Nikki Haley in 2013.   Cheryl is someone I have known for more than 20 years. Like me,  Cheryl served as a law clerk to then-Judge Samuel Alito on the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Although we never clerked at  the same time--she clerked the year before, and I got to know her  through mutual friends initially and then got to know her independently  through that clerkship experience--she is someone who is well regarded  within the Alito chambers as being a hard-working law clerk and someone  who everyone enjoyed working with and getting to know.   I still remember many years ago, when she was serving at the White  House Counsel's Office as Associate Counsel, she took my family and me  on a tour of the White House and showed genuine interest in them. This  is the kind of person who comes with a lot of academic and professional  qualifications. When you add to that this X factor, this intangible  factor of being someone who is genuinely interested in people,  genuinely interested in their well-being, their welfare, and making  sure they are informed and happy, this is exactly the kind of person we  would want in a position like this one.   Her academic credentials are, of course, impeccable. She received her  law degree from the University of Chicago Law School and her  undergraduate degree from Williams College.   In short, Cheryl Stanton is someone I look forward to voting for and  confirming to this position within the Department of Labor. I urge my  colleagues to support her nomination.   Thank you.   