 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in a moment, I will ask unanimous consent  for the Senate to take up and pass legislation I have introduced to  help protect our democracy from foreign interference.   Earlier today, Special Counsel Robert Mueller testified that the  Russian Government's efforts to undermine our elections are ``among the  most serious challenges to our democracy''--a challenge he says that  ``deserves the attention of every American.''   Mr. Mueller's testimony should serve as a warning to every Member of  this body about what could happen in 2020--literally, in our next  election--if we fail to act. When asked if he thought that Russia would  attack our democracy again in 2020, Mr. Mueller said: ``They're doing  it as we sit here.''   Think about that for a moment. The special prosecutor spent 2\1/2\  years looking into Russian intervention in our elections in 2016 and  says not only are they going to do it, but they are doing it as we sit  here.   If this were just coming from the special prosecutor, some folks  might be willing to dismiss it, but this is exactly the same message we  heard earlier this week from FBI Director Wray. It is a message that  all of us have heard, and being on the Intelligence Committee, I have  heard repeatedly from Director of National Intelligence Coats, and we  have heard this, as well, from other leaders of law enforcement and our  intelligence community. Again, I point out that the leaders who have  sounded the alarm about the ongoing Russian threat to our elections  were all appointed by this President.   Unfortunately, in the nearly 3 years since we uncovered Russia's  attack on our democracy, this body has not held a single vote on stand- alone legislation to protect our elections.   I am not here to relitigate the 2016 election or, for that matter, to  second-guess the special counsel's findings. This is more a question of  how we defend our democracy on a going-forward basis.   The reason we need to do this--amongst a host of reasons--is that  just a month ago, the President of the United States sat in the Oval  Office, and by dismissing this threat, effectively gave Russia the  green light to interfere in future elections. Since then,  unfortunately, my Republican colleagues have done nothing to prevent  further future attempts at undermining our democracy.   Let me be clear. If a foreign adversary tries to offer assistance to  your campaign, your response should not be thank you; your response  should be a moral obligation to tell the FBI. Mr. Mueller, the former  FBI Director and inarguably the straightest arrow in public service,  said as much this afternoon.   So if the President or other members of his family or his campaign  can't be trusted to do the right thing and report their foreign  contacts and foreign offers of assistance to their political  activities, then we need to make it a legal requirement.   That is what my legislation, the FIRE Act, is all about. The FIRE Act  is a simple, narrowly targeted bill. All it does is make sure that  attempts to interfere in future Presidential elections are promptly  reported to the FBI and the FEC.   Let me be clear. The FIRE Act is not about prohibiting innocent  contacts or the exercise of First Amendment rights. Contrary to some of  the mistaken rhetoric we have heard, it does not require the reporting  of contacts with foreign journalists or with Dreamers or of official  meetings with foreign governments. It is simply about preserving  Americans' trust in our democratic process. If a candidate is receiving  or welcoming help from the Kremlin or its spy services, I think the  American people should have a right to know before they head to the  polls.   Consequently, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules and  Administration be discharged from further consideration of S. 2242, the  FIRE  [[Page S5054]]  Act; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the  bill be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action  or debate.   