 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4407.   The Service Corps of Retired Executives, better known as SCORE, has  helped more than 11 million entrepreneurs over the last 50 years. SCORE  is a nonprofit organization made up of active and retired business  executives who act as mentors for entrepreneurs. These volunteers  provide face-to-face counseling on business issues ranging from  planning to budgeting, marketing, and financing, all of this at no  charge to the entrepreneur.    As a small business owner myself, I can attest to the importance of  mentorship programs like this for first-time entrepreneurs. In a  country like ours, where a good idea and hard work can put you on the  path to the American Dream, the mentorship of an experienced business  owner can be a huge asset to a startup.   Today, there are more than 300 SCORE chapters across the country,  totaling more than 11,000 volunteers. This includes a chapter in my  hometown of Tulsa, which has over 40 volunteers.   H.R. 4407 will continue the success of the SCORE program by  reauthorizing the funds while safeguarding the program for the future  by modernizing data standards, closing loopholes for fraud, and adding  important oversight to the use of funds. These provisions will only  increase the integrity of SCORE and help the program to assist even  more small businesses and entrepreneurs.   All the reforms made in this bill are supported by SCORE. This  bipartisan effort to invest in our small business owners and encourage  more Americans to follow their dreams is a big step forward in support  of the things that make our country so special.   I thank my colleague Ms. Craig from Minnesota for being an original  cosponsor of this legislation and supporting its progress through the  committee and now here on the House floor.   The passage of this bill will not only be an important moment for our  country's future business owners, but it is also my first piece of  legislation to pass the House. Focusing on the businesses that drive  our local economies and encouraging the growth of entrepreneurship  across our country has been my top priority in Congress.   Reauthorizing and strengthening SCORE is a necessary step to help  grow our economy and invest in our communities, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill today.   Mr. Speaker, before I close today, I want to say that I really  appreciate the leadership and the bipartisanship of Chairwoman  Velazquez and Ranking Member Chabot. They do a great job with  bipartisanship in their leadership. It is a great example for the  people's House. I encourage all of our Members to come sit in on a  meeting sometime. It might be something that they would like to see.   