 Mr. President, I rise today in one of the hottest economic  environments our Nation has ever seen. The last time American  unemployment was this low, the Beatles were at the top of the charts  and I was a starting forward on the JV basketball team back in Jasper,  IN. The last time U.S. stocks had a January as good as this last month,  the Hoosiers were on their way to a national championship under Coach  Bobby Knight.   Last night, President Trump outlined the incredible economic success  and progress our country has made in the last 2 years, and it is times  like these that drive home the point that we all already know: Business  is the engine that drives the American economy, not government.  Entrepreneurs--from titans of large industry to mostly Main Street  entrepreneurs--are the force that generates prosperity, not  politicians. America's true power is held in our local chambers of  commerce, not in the Chambers of Congress. Our best wisdom comes from  the factory floor, not the Senate floor.   Businesspeople understand what makes the economy tick, and with  someone like President Trump at the helm, the true potential of the  American economy is being unleashed. GDP and job growth numbers have  never been like this.   During the Obama administration, these numbers were scoffed at as not  being attainable. Now it is happening. We have to keep that in mind.  President Obama offered us 8 years of stagnation and cynicism.  President Trump has offered optimism, bold leadership, and the deep  understanding of what makes a business boom that could only come from  the experience of somebody from the real world, an entrepreneur.   Like the President, I built my life in business over many years. I  started back in 1981 with just a few employees. Our original office was  in a mobile home on a rock lot--a very hardscrabble existence. I think  of all the time invested. For 17 years, we hovered as a small business.  Patience and persistence underlie everything that really works in this  economy and in this world. We lived within our means, and we reinvested  in our own success in good times and bad. And this story is being  played out across the country.   President Trump's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is the most significant pro- growth legislation that has come out of Washington since I have been  paying attention. As I said, that has been 37 years. For my company,  the Trump tax cuts were the biggest capital infusion we had ever seen.   Like the President, I have been blessed in that three of my four kids  work in my business. When tax reform was signed into law, I believe  back in December of 2017, one of my sons came to me and said: Dad, we  need to take these savings--we are sending less to DC. Let's do  something with them.   I said: What did you have in mind?   He said: I would like to share these benefits with our employees.   I said: Well, particularly, what did you have in mind?   He said: I would like to raise 401(k) benefits. I would like to start  quarterly bonuses.   We always did an end-of-the-year bonus.   He said: I would like to cut family healthcare costs by $1,400 per  family.   We had held them flat for 9 years.   I said: Wow, I wish that had been my idea. I like it.   He said: The other thing is, I would like to put in the company memo  that this is due to tax reform.   I entered politics long ago--I was on a school board for 10 years, 3  years as a state legislator--and I knew you had to be careful when you  mixed business with a political statement. I asked him to talk it over  with his brother, who I thought might want to just give the benefits  and not make a political point out of it.   He said: Dad, you are the CEO. What do you think?   I said: Put in the company memo that this is due to tax reform. As  conservatives, we need to be proud of it.   That is exactly what we did.   Regulatory cuts and tax reform are never going to make headlines, but  Americans are seeing the results in real dollars and cents in their  paychecks and their 401(k)s. It is clear that when government gets out  of the way of enterprisers, the rising tide of prosperity lifts all  ships.   If my fellow Republicans and conservatives ever want to win again, it  is incumbent upon us to make the case that this economy is due to the  fact that the administration and the Republican Congress created the  stage for this economic boom that we are within. It is also incumbent  upon employers across the country to make sure you share these benefits  with your employees. If that is not done, we are going to waste an  opportunity.   The reason this is so critical is that there are a lot of folks who  have a different point of view. The Democrats have a proposal that  basically is this: more taxes, more debt, probably more regulations,  and taking steps down the pathway, I think, to a socialist catastrophe  like the daily horrors we see in Venezuela, embracing a failed ideology  that has not worked anywhere else.   Promising free college, free insurance, and never being able to pay  for it may be a good way to win votes in 2020, but it is no way to run  a country. Sooner or later, somebody gets stuck with the bill. If we  fail to confront this creeping threat to our free market principles  now, our children and grandchildren will pay dearly.   Again, it is so incumbent upon us to take this opportunity and run  with it as business owners so we can put it into practice where  everybody is feeling the benefits beyond what they have so far. If we  want to keep President Trump's economic rally going, create more  opportunity for Americans to live their America dream, and make the  clear choice between pro-growth policy and a dissent toward socialist  calamity, more business people, as well, need to step out of their  comfort zone and run.   Try to become a State legislator. Get involved. Run for Congress. Run  for the Senate.   I did it out of nowhere, when nobody thought it could be done. If we  want our system to work the way it should when it works best for all,  we need to make sure that message is getting heard. Let's keep it  booming. Let's keep this thing going. Participate. Get involved.   I yield back my time.   