 Mr. Speaker, the Rosie the Riveter Congressional  Gold Medal Act honors the 20th century icon that unified women and  inspired them to join the workforce and help with the war effort.   Throughout our Nation's history, countless Americans have answered  the call to service during times of conflict and turmoil. During World  War II, women across the country left their homes for factory jobs in  support of the war effort, working as riveters, buckers, welders, and  electricians.   These Rosie the Riveters embodied the ``We Can Do It'' spirit forever  connected with the famous poster.   I am proud to recognize these home-front heroes, especially my  constituent Mae Krier. Mae is 93. She is in the Chamber with us today.  She lives in my hometown of Levittown, Pennsylvania.   During the war, determined women like Mae manufactured planes, ships,  tanks, weapons, jeeps, and everything else that was needed to defeat  the enemy. Mae has said, ``We worked, we danced, and we slept on  Sundays. Most of all, we were duty-bound.''    Mae has been dedicated to get the real-life Rosies recognized for  over 30 years. While this bill serves to get a single medal to the  important symbol that is Rosie the Riveter, it truly is bestowing the  honor and recognition on the millions of women like Mae Krier.   I am proud to recognize these heroes as an original cosponsor of H.R.  1773, alongside Representatives Speier, Huffman, and now 289 of our  colleagues. And I commend my fellow Pennsylvanian, Senator Casey, for  introducing this bipartisan bill in the Senate.   This legislation is supported by the Pennsylvania Veterans of Foreign  Wars, the Marine Corps League, the Philadelphia Vietnam Veterans  Memorial Fund, among countless other organizations that represent our  men and women in uniform and our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to vote  ``yes'' on this important legislation so that we can see these strong  American women honored by a Congressional Gold Medal.   