 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks while seated.    Mr. President, while my remarks in front of me say ``I  rise today,'' I sit today on this Senate floor to congratulate a  Topeka, KS, native, a 2019 U.S. Open champion, Gary Woodland.   Gary Woodland grew up in Topeka and attended Shawnee Heights High  School. After high school, Gary attended Washburn University on a full  basketball scholarship before transferring to the University of Kansas  to join the golf team. This U.S. Open was the first major championship  victory of Gary Woodland's career, and Gary made history by becoming  the first graduate of the University of Kansas to ever win a PGA major  tournament.   Gary's performance at Pebble Beach was truly elite. He scored under  par in all four rounds, including an impressive 6-under-par 65 in the  second round. On Sunday's final round, Gary battled the elements and a  late surge by last year's U.S. Open champion, Brooks Koepka. On hole  18, Gary sunk a long birdie putt to solidify his win at 13 strokes  under par, 1 stroke better than Tiger Woods' historic 2000 U.S. Open  victory at Pebble Beach.   I congratulate Gary on this historic win, but I also recognize his  actions off the course. Gary is an advocate for Special Olympics and  also partners with Folds of Honor, a nonprofit organization that grants  scholarships to family members of U.S. servicemembers. Gary even wore  patriotic golf gear to honor our troops and Folds of Honor at the U.S.  Open. After the win, Gary thanked our troops for their service and  stated: ``There's men and women who sacrifice and do so much for us so  I can go out and play a game of golf and live my life under freedom.''   The final round also coincides with Father's Day, and this  undoubtedly made this championship even more significant as Gary's  father watched him sink the final putt on 18. Gary said, after his win,  that his dad worked nights so he could pursue his love of sports and  spend time with him during the day.   I recognize Gary, but I also want to recognize the entire Woodland  family--  [[Page S4617]]  his parents, Dana and Linda; his wife, Gabby; his son, Jaxson; and the  twin girls they are expecting. This is a tremendous achievement.   Kansans are extremely proud of you, Gary. We wish you and your family  the best of luck moving forward, and we will continue to root for your  success.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jake Vance and  James Schmidt, legislative correspondents in my office, be granted  floor privileges for the remainder of the day.   