 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment supporting an  additional $5 million appropriation for Project SERV.   Project SERV and programs like it provide mental health resources to  students and extend critical support in the wake of tragedies, such as  school shootings like the one that took place at STEM School in my  district.   By increasing funding, we can increase our ability to address the  mental health among our precious population: our children.   The underlying bill doubles the amount of funding for Project SERV to  $10 million. Moreover, additional funding was provided in the disaster  supplemental that I was proud to vote for in May.   I thank the chairman, ranking member, and the members of the  committee for their hard work to ensure that this program is properly  funded.   With my amendment, I hope that we can continue to scale Project SERV  and mental health programs like it so that we can ensure that every  student gets the help that they deserve.   In the time since the STEM School shooting in my district, I have had  the privilege to meet with several students and their families. Their  courage and thoughtfulness is unparalleled.   We discussed and reflected on ways that we in this body can help  students, in a bipartisan manner, to cope with crisis: What can we do?  How do we restart the learning process? How do we prevent future  tragedies?   The common denominators were expanding mental health curriculum in  schools; grief counseling; helping students, teachers, administrators,  and their families recover. It was something that we came together and  found  [[Page H4636]]  some bipartisan consensus on in the discussions that I have had.   Experts can attest shootings and other school tragedies take a  terrible toll on our students, causing sleep disorders, anxiety, and  even PTS. We need programs like Project SERV. We need to ensure that  our children have access to mental health services they need in order  to recover, in order to focus on their studies, in order to make sure  tragedies like this never happen again. And we need to scale this  program and those like it to make sure that this happens at a much  larger and national scale.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Madam Chair, we have an obligation to take care of our students,  teachers, and school administrators after horrific tragedies. We must  ensure that they can grieve, heal, return to school, and focus on  learning and moving forward with their lives, all the while feeling  safe doing so.   I look forward to working with the distinguished chairwoman,  appropriators, and members of the authorizing committee to support  Project SERV and programs like it in the months and years ahead.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   