 Mr. President, pending, we have an amendment of mine  coming up. We have a large lands package with the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, with a lot of lands, transitional properties. A lot  of things are coming up in this.   There are multiple reforms that are built into it, but we missed one.  I think it is important that we deal with this before we do a long- term, permanent reauthorization of this program because when this  Congress does a permanent reauthorization, we seldom ever get back to  it. We say: It is moving, and there are other things that need to be  dealt with. It becomes less important.   My amendment has two basic parts. It addresses two critical issues of  the Land and Water Conservation Fund. One of them is that the Land and  Water Conservation Fund is set up to purchase new properties, but if  there is a problem on that piece of property that we purchased, there  is no requirement to fix it.   Here is how it works: The fund actually purchases the property, and  then the hope is that Congress will then appropriate dollars separately  to do the  [[Page S1107]]  repairs to open up the property. So it is announced to the community  that this new area will be opened up as public lands, but when the  purchase is actually done, there is a big sign on it saying ``closed  for safety repairs.'' Those repairs may cost $1 million, $2 million, $3  million, and there is a wait of sometimes 10 years or more before the  actual appropriation is done.   This is an easy fix. This fix should be noncontroversial. When we  purchase property with the Land and Water Conservation Fund, if there  is any maintenance needed on that property, then that needed  maintenance is also taken care of by the Land and Water Conservation  Fund at the same time. It has to be budgeted in. That way, we don't  purchase property and then wait a decade to actually put it into public  use. That doesn't make sense to anyone. Everyone walks by it and says:  Here is inefficient government again. We bought this property, but  there is a different pot of money to fix it up, and we have to wait a  decade.   I hope that this is noncontroversial to all us and that we see the  common sense in this.   In this package, there is some land that we will purchase and  literally not be able to use for who knows how long. There is a hope  for future appropriations at some point to deal with safety issues so  that people will be able to actually use the land.   The second part of this deals with the past because this has been the  process for a while. We purchase new properties and try to put them  into use but can't because they came with maintenance issues. We have  other public lands, such as our national parks, where there is $11  billion in backlogged deferred maintenance, with no plan to actually  fix those. Let me give some examples. We have all heard of Yellowstone.  There is $100 million of deferred maintenance at just that one park,  with no plan to fix it.   The simple answer is that the Land and Water Conservation Fund is set  up to purchase new properties when needed. Allocate just 5 percent of  it to go to the deferred maintenance backlog. That still leaves 95  percent of it to purchase additional properties when we need to. But we  need to seriously deal with the $16 billion total backlog, and $11  billion of that is deferred maintenance in our national parks.   This is not a poison pill. This shouldn't be a controversial  amendment. This is an amendment to help fix an ongoing problem. If we  don't fix it, 10 years from now, we will all regret that it was not  done. What I suspect is, if we put this in place and actually set aside  some dollars for deferred maintenance, by next year, every Member of  this body will say: You know what, there is a national park in my State  where there are some broken-down buildings that are boarded up that no  one can use. Let's try to get access to those maintenance dollars to  fix it.   Fine. We can pick whatever order we need to pick from to get to them.  Let's start repairing. Let's not be a bad landowner who purchases and  never repairs and has no plan to repair. This is simple,  straightforward, and should be common sense. Let's not add properties  that we can't pay for. Let's not add properties with a maintenance  problem and no plan to actually fix it. That is what the amendment is  all about that is coming up in the very next vote we take. I look  forward to its passage so we can actually get some of these repairs  done.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute.    Mr. President, only in Washington, DC, and the Federal  Government would we say that we want to do something, but we can't do  something. My hope is that we will do something.   Long-term, we all see it. I agree that it is the same thing that we  always deal with. It is always down to the time and to the moment.   This is one of these dialogues we have had for a long time, asking  how we can deal with deferred maintenance that is $16 billion and  growing and with no plan to shrink it. In fact, we are adding lands in  this bill that, when we pass the bill, will increase the amount  immediately, and there is no plan to take care of that.   The simple request is that we should actually take care of deferred  maintenance when we buy it so that we are not adding property with  deferred maintenance on day one, and we should have a plan to deal with  deferred maintenance that we have--the $16 billion. Without that plan  to actually deal with it and without a plan to deal with it the first  day with products that we buy, we are adding to the deficit  immediately.   This is an issue we have to resolve long-term, and it will not get  better. My concern, as I have expressed, is that this is a permanent  reauthorization. We don't ever have to come back to it. I hope we do,  but we don't ever have to come back to it, and this Congress is  notorious for only doing things we have to do.   So we will see how things go in the future with this.   With that, I yield back.   