 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amendment that would make clear that  healthcare related to substance and drug abuse counseling is included  in the covered health services in this bill.   In addition, Madam Chair, the opioid epidemic has not only affected  my home district of Staten Island and south Brooklyn--and to be clear,  it very much has--but this has touched constituents in district after  district, State after State, and has disproportionately affected our  Nation's greatest heroes.   As the fathers, wives, husbands, and children of the veterans  fighting this disease can attest, combating this addiction is daunting  and heartbreakingly difficult. Imagine how excruciating it can be when  a mother has to make the choice between receiving the treatment that  she so desperately needs and making sure that her own children are  cared for.   That is the choice veteran parents need to make time and again. It is  a disgrace, and on both sides of the aisle, we have not done enough.   Make no mistake here, if Congress does not act, these barriers to  treatment will absolutely persist. Whether you are a Republican or a  Democrat, it is our constituents who are suffering, and we need to act  now. If we do not address this, this epidemic will continue to wreak  havoc on our districts, our communities, and our families.   A national survey from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration showed that 1 in 15 veterans suffer from a substance  abuse disorder, but for vets who left Active Duty post-9/11, it was  nearly one in eight. These veterans are twice as likely to die from an  accidental overdose as a nonveteran.   As one of the few post-9/11 combat veterans who is serving right now  in this body, I have seen the courage of my fellow former soldiers who  seek the help that they so desperately need. I have seen that substance  abuse counseling at our VA facilities can really save lives and save  families. And I have seen what happens when my brothers and sisters who  serve do not get the treatment they need. I am here to tell my  colleagues that I refuse to watch that happen again.   That is why I offer this amendment here today, so that the veteran  mother who I mentioned, and the fathers who are full-time caregivers of  their children, are no longer trapped in an impossible choice. They can  receive treatment for PTSD, for cancer, and for counseling to combat  life-threatening addiction with the peace of mind that their children  are safe and cared for.   That is the very reason Congress directed this pilot program to start  in the first place. When we put party politics aside and put our  constituents first, this country really succeeds.   We can all agree that this country is battling an opioid epidemic.  Let's show our constituents that we are more than just talk and more  than just thanking vets for their service and are actually doing  something about it. We have to stop treating addiction as anything but  the disease and the public health crisis that it actually is. We need  to encourage, not punish, those who are taking this fight head on and  seeking the care that they so desperately need and deserve.   Madam Chair, I thank Ms. Brownley for sponsoring this legislation and  commend my colleague, Mr. Norcross from New Jersey, for cosponsoring  this amendment. I applaud my colleagues, Ms. Sherrill, Mr. Golden, Ms.  Stefanik, and Mr. Delgado, for offering amendments to strengthen this  bill.   Madam Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Takano).    Madam Chair, in closing, I urge support of this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   