 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent  that the gentlemen from North Carolina, the Honorable Dan Bishop and  the Honorable Greg Murphy, be permitted to take the oath of office  today.   Their certificates of election have not arrived, but there is no  contest and no question has been raised with regard to their elections.    Madam Speaker, as dean of the North  Carolina delegation, it is my privilege to introduce our two newest  colleagues, Representatives Greg Murphy and Dan Bishop.   Representative Murphy was born in Raleigh, our capital city, before  attending Davidson College and UNC Medical School. He is a urologist by  training, and he has served in the North Carolina House of  Representatives since 2015, focusing on healthcare policy.   Representative Bishop was born in Charlotte and also graduated from  the University of North Carolina as an undergraduate and from the law  school. He has an extensive record of public service in North Carolina,  initially elected as a commissioner in Mecklenburg County in 2005  before serving in both the North Carolina House and Senate.   Madam Speaker, I want to welcome both of these new Members to the  people's House. They are experienced legislators who have traveled long  and sometimes unexpected paths to get here, and they both face special  challenges. The Ninth District has been without a House Member for 257  days following evidence of election fraud in the 2018 election. The  Third District was represented by one of the most independent-minded  and well-liked Members of this institution, our friend, the late Walter  Jones, Jr.   Madam Speaker, our new Members had hard-fought campaigns, and the  people of North Carolina have spoken. On behalf of our entire  delegation and this entire body, I want to welcome them to the House of  Representatives.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms.  Foxx), who is the senior Republican in our delegation.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Murphy).   