 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I will try to be very brief as far as  where I am coming from here.   We were told that Mueller may be imminently fired. The President said  some things that were at times disturbing about the investigation. I  was asked many times, let's make sure we protect Mueller and let him do  his job. So I first introduced the Special Counsel Independence  Protection Act on August 3, 2017, with Republicans and Democrats.   To my good friend from New York, I think Mueller is just about done.   To all those who are worried about Mueller not being able to do his  job, he has. He is about to tell us what he found.   There is a regulation that determines what is disclosed and how it is  disclosed. I have all the confidence that Mr. Barr will be as  transparent as possible. That regulation is specific. You can look at  it for yourself. I would like to know as much as possible and share it  with the public. However, I have also been consistent in trying to find  balance here.   In February of 2018, I called for a special counsel to look at the  abuses, potentially, by the Department of Justice and the FBI regarding  the Clinton email investigation and the handling of the FISA warrant  process against Mr. Carter Page, someone associated with the Trump  campaign.   So since 2018, I have asked a simple thing. If this stuff about Page  and Strzok and Ohr doesn't bother you, then that bothers me. Were there  two  [[Page S1885]]  systems of justice in 2016--one for the Democratic candidate and one  for the Republican candidate, where the Republican candidate's campaign  had a FISA warrant issued against somebody associated with it based on  a document that was known to be unreliable, politically charged, on  four different occasions? That should bother every American.   Rather than my telling you whether it happened or not, why don't we  appoint a Mueller-like figure to look at how the Clinton email  investigation ended up the way it did, what the tarmac meeting was all  about between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton?   I can quickly say to my colleagues, if the shoe were on the other  foot, if the Republican Party hired a foreign agent to go to Russia to  investigate dirt on Hillary Clinton, gave it to the Justice Department,  and it was used on four separate occasions to get a warrant against  somebody working with or associated with the Clinton campaign, all hell  would pay.   If a member of the Justice Department told the investigators: Before  you get the warrant, the person who is involved in collecting this  information hates Clinton; if there were exchanges between an FBI agent  and a Department of Justice lawyer talking about getting an insurance  policy to make sure that Hillary Clinton is never elected and how much  they hated Trump, it would be front-page news all over the world.   I don't know what happened between Trump and Russia, but we are about  to find out, and we will see if there is something there, and we will  use a process to disclose it to the public.   But I ask the Democratic leader to modify his request and allow my  amendment at the desk to make a simple change--and every Republican  will be with me, if you wonder about how Republicans vote in the  House--that this resolution be modified calling for the Attorney  General to appoint a special counsel to investigate Department of  Justice misconduct in the handling of the Clinton email investigation  and in the handling of the FISA warrant process as it relates to  warrants obtained on Carter Page and to publicly release the results of  those investigations--be agreed to consistent with law. I ask that the  resolution to be modified in accordance with this.    I object.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Schumer. I appreciate  getting this done quickly.   I will just say, there are a lot of Americans, including   Jim  Jordan, who believe that what happened in 2016 with the Clinton email  investigation and the FISA warrant against Carter Page showed  corruption at the highest level of the government. I agree that there  are more than smoking guns here. There is overwhelming evidence that  somebody outside the political system should look into. I can't find  anybody much on the other side who seems to give a damn about that.   Mueller, I get. Mueller has been allowed to do his job. We are going  to find out what he found pretty soon, as much as we can, consistent  with the law. But I am not going to give up on the idea that we are  just going to look at one problem of 2016. I have been talking to  myself for the most part; now I have a forum.   I will introduce a resolution asking you to do a simple thing. Ask  somebody outside of politics--a special counsel--to look into how in  the world the system got so off track, to use a document prepared by  foreign agent, paid for by the Democratic Party, collected in Russia,  to obtain a warrant against an American citizen that is garbage to this  day? How in the world could the investigation get so off track that the  two people in charge of it openly talked about making sure that there  was an insurance policy against Trump if he won and openly espoused  support for Clinton. How do you interview Clinton the way she was  interviewed? Any American out there who did what Secretary Clinton did  you would see in jail now.   The question I want to know is, Does anybody other than me believe  that? I don't ask you to believe me. We let Mueller look at all things  Trump related to collusion and otherwise. Somebody needs to look at  what happened on the other side and find out if the FBI and the DOJ had  two systems--one supporting the person they wanted to win and one out  to get the person they wanted to lose.   Some of these people have been fired for lying, and it is now time to  have a special counsel look at all things 2016, not just Trump.   