 Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, I rise today because we have just heard, an hour  before we came on the House floor, more debate about opening the  government than we actually have had people negotiate to actually open  the government.   You know, there are all kinds of reasons why everyone is saying that  the government is shut down, but the biggest reason is because no one  is willing to negotiate on the other side of the aisle.   I can tell you, the President, 16 blocks from here, was sitting here  over Christmas and over New Year's, and, indeed, he was sitting here  last weekend when 30 of my colleagues from across the aisle went to  Puerto Rico on a junket with lobbyists to talk about how important the  government shutdown must be to them.   Well, I can tell you that the biggest fallacy in all of this is that  all the perils that my colleagues opposite seem to demonstrate, and the  urgency that is there, I haven't seen the urgency.   We come in; we get sworn in; and what happens? They go home. The  second weekend, what happens? They go to Puerto Rico.   Even today, while the President invites Democrat colleagues to go 16  blocks from here and negotiate on how we may solve this, what do they  do? They turn down the President.   Now, I can tell you, Madam Speaker, that there are a lot of things  that are said on this particular House floor, but none more appropriate  than today when we have our colleagues who were suggesting that this is  easy to fix. They are exactly right. It is easy to fix. All we have to  do is provide a little funding for border security and build a wall,  because what we have at stake are the lives of innocent people.    Madam Speaker, I looked in the face of moms today who had lost their  kids. It truly broke my heart to think that, here we are debating this  issue, and yet, for some reason, my colleagues opposite won't give a  single dime.   Let's find a single Democrat who is willing to give any amount of  money to border barriers, and let's have a negotiation.   But you know what? You can't find them. You can't find them, not  because they are in Puerto Rico. You can't find them because they have  built a wall between them and fair compromise.   So, Madam Speaker, I am here today to suggest that we are here  willing to negotiate. We are here willing to open back up the  government, but not until the Democrats are willing to meet us halfway.   I can tell you, this President stands ready to make a deal, but,  quite frankly, it has been only one side of the equation willing to  negotiate.   I thank the gentleman for his leadership. I thank all my colleagues  for being willing to stand up.   Let's get this done right. Let's secure the border once and for all.  And let's, indeed, make America safe again.   