 Madam President, I thank my senior Senator, Deb Fischer,  for her leadership and drawing attention to the 150th anniversary of  the University of Nebraska. Senator Fischer is a tireless champion of  our State and of this special university, her alma mater.   I am sad to admit in public that I am not a graduate of the  University of Nebraska, but I had lied about my age for many, many  years to be able to vend and sell concessions at Huskers sporting  events before I was old enough to do it so that I could be deeply  affiliated with this institution, even though I didn't graduate from  there.   I salute my senior Senator and her leadership in drawing attention to  this. I want to tell stories about Coach Osborne, who was my boyhood  hero, about crying as a 12-year-old after the January 2, 1984, national  championship game in Miami, about Scott Frost and how he is going to  soon lead us back to the promised land, but I have already been warned  by the Presiding Officer that the Senate has some informal unwritten  rules that actually prohibit football evangelism on the floor.   I will move along to celebrate, with my senior Senator, our  volleyball national championships, our bowling national championships,  and the fact that Nebraska is or was once known as the Great American  Desert, and we are now the most trade-dependent, export-dependent State  per capita in the Union precisely because we live on the great Ogallala  Aquifer, the most productive land anywhere on Earth and at any point in  the history of the Earth.   We grow so much more food than we can ever conceivably consume that  we feed the world from Nebraska, and a huge part of that is because of  the ag extension programs of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. There  are a lot of great Americans and great patriots who serve at the  University of Nebraska on the faculty, in the administration, and  donors and alumni and our current students, and the 150th anniversary  is a great moment for our State. All 50 States have colleges and  universities they are proud of, but there is no State that is more  identified with its university than Nebraska. I would like to join my  senior Senator and applaud her for her leadership in bringing this  resolution today.   