 Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleague  from Connecticut after his powerful and eloquent description of the  lives that have been lost, the stakes of this decision, and the clear  path we have--an opportunity and an obligation to save lives.   Let me begin where he ended. The President of the United States has  an obligation here to lead. If he does, we will have legislation that  will literally save thousands of lives. He has an obligation, as we do,  to find a way to save these lives.   All of us have seen all too often the needless, senseless, and  unspeakable tragedy done by gun violence. We focus on the mass  killings, but those 90 deaths a day consist of the drive-by, one-by-one  shootings in Hartford and New Haven and Bridgeport and cities and towns  and communities around the country. No one is immune. No family is  untouched, through friends and relatives and workplaces and through  suicides, which are a major part of those 90 deaths every day in this  country. Domestic violence is made five times more deadly when there is  a gun in the home.   The President must not only come to the table but lead. And if he  will not lead, get out of the way because we have an obligation to move  forward now and take advantage of this historic opportunity and  obligation.   Just weeks ago, in one 24-hour period, massacres in El Paso and  Dayton left 31 people dead. Eleven days ago, a shooter in Odessa, TX,  killed another seven. Communities are forever changed by these events,  and so is our Nation. The trauma and the stress done in schools to our  children by the drills they conduct, by the anticipation that  [[Page S5424]]  is raised, by the fear that is engendered--the sights and sounds of gun  violence echo and reverberate across our land.   I remember the sights and sounds of the parents at the firehouse in  Sandy Hook on that horrible day in 2012 when 20 beautiful children and  sixth grade educators died. The firehouse is where parents went to find  out whether their children were OK. The way they found out was either  their children appeared or they did not.   For them, in the cries and sobbing they experienced, the expressions  of anguish, the look on those faces, it was only the beginning of their  nightmare. It transformed Connecticut. What we did in Connecticut was  adopt commonsense measures and comprehensive steps to stop gun  violence.   The lesson of Connecticut is not only that those steps have reduced  gun violence, including homicide, but also that States with the  strongest laws are still at the mercy of the ones with the weakest  because guns have no respect for State boundaries. They cross State  lines, and they do damage and death in States like Connecticut with  strong gun laws. Through the Iron Pipeline, it comes from other States  to our south.   Since that day at Sandy Hook, there have been 2,218 mass shootings in  the United States, and over 2,000 times, parents have sat, as did those  parents at Sandy Hook, and waited to know whether their children were  OK--children who left in the morning with no inkling about the violence  that was to unfold.   There is no reason people have to live this way in the United States  of America. America has no greater proportion of mental health issues  than any other country. We have a higher rate of gun violence. We can  prevent it through commonsense steps and comprehensive steps that will  save as many lives as possible as quickly as possible by keeping guns  out of the hands of dangerous people. That is the principle of the two  main proposals likely to come before this body.   To keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people, do it through  background checks, which have to apply universally to all States for  them to be effective. Experts estimate that 80 percent of firearms  acquired for criminal purposes are obtained from unlicensed sellers,  and a recent study found that States that have universal background  check laws experienced 52 percent fewer mass shootings. Background  checks prevent people who are dangerous to themselves or others from  buying firearms, and, likewise, emergency risk protection orders take  guns away from people who are dangerous to themselves or others. These  two concepts have a common goal, the same end. They achieve it by  complementary means.   The vast majority of perpetrators of mass violence exhibit clear  signs that they are about to carry out an attack. The shooter in  Parkland, as my colleague Senator Lindsey Graham has said, all but took  out an ad in the newspaper saying that he was going to kill people at  that school in Parkland. The police were repeatedly alerted to his  violent behavior, including a call from a family member who begged the  police to recover his weapon.   Today, in Florida, she could ask for an extreme risk protection order  under a Florida law signed by my colleague Senator Scott when he was  Governor. In the 17 jurisdictions that have passed emergency risk  protection order laws, enforcers can petition courts to temporarily  restrict access to firearms with due process.   At a hearing this morning in the Judiciary Committee, we learned from  one of the judges in Broward County who enforce these laws that they  have worked to prevent shootings, including many suicides, and they  enable mental health help to be available as well. These laws prevent  suicide. The majority of those gun deaths in the United States, in  fact, are suicide, which is accounting for 60 percent of those 90  people killed every day.   Emergency risk protection orders are effective, but they are resource  intensive, and that is why Senator Graham and I have worked hard and we  are close to finalizing a measure that will provide grants and  incentives to other States that are considering or may consider these  kinds of laws. Together with Senator Graham, I have been working hard  on this legislation, and we are close--after extensive discussion, not  only between us but with the White House and with our colleagues--to a  bill that can muster bipartisan support and pass this body.   The Charleston loophole must be closed. I have been leading that  fight in the Senate to fix this problem for years. The House passed  bipartisan legislation on background checks, H.R. 8, and on the  Charleston loophole that would fix the problem of would-be murderers  having access to guns simply because information is unavailable within  the time limit that is set.   Guns should not be sold simply because a deadline for a background  check is not met. Most are done literally within seconds or a minute,  but some require more extensive work. There is no reason to wait to  pass these measures.   Neither should we wait to pass a safe storage bill that we believe  would have prevented deaths like Ethan Song's perishing in Guilford.  This past January, Ethan Song would have celebrated his 16th birthday,  but a year earlier, he was accidentally killed by a gun stored in his  friend's closet, accessible to him and a friend. Like Kristen and Mike  Song, thousands of other families across America lose children in gun  violence every year. It is a parent's worst nightmare, and, in many  cases, safe storage, including possibly Sandy Hook, would have  prevented a mountain of heartache and a river of tears.    The Songs have been so strong and courageous, as have been the  survivors of the victims' families in Sandy Hook. They have been the  powerful faces and voices of this effort and the most effective  advocates.   The groups that have been formed in these past years, raising  awareness and mobilizing every town--Guilford, Brady, Newtown Action  Alliance, Sandy Hook Promise, Connecticut Against Gun Violence, Moms  Demand Action, and Students Demand Action are only some of them. They  are mounting a political movement, and we need to hear them.   History will judge us harshly if we fail to heed that call for  commonsense reform. The voters will judge harshly, as well, the  colleagues who fail to heed that call.   We need to keep in mind that gun violence is not one problem. There  is no one solution. There is no panacea. We need to aim at all of these  measures, including a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity  magazines. The House, just this week, approved a ban on high-capacity  magazines, as well as an emergency risk protection order statute.   Gun violence is many problems--not one. It is the loopholes in the  background check system; it is the failure to safely store firearms; it  is an arbitrary deadline for completing a background check; and it is  the lack of emergency risk protection orders that take guns away from  people who are dangerous to themselves or others with due process.   I have worked on this issue for more than two decades--almost three  decades since I was attorney general first elected in the State of  Connecticut. There has been progress. The progress has achieved  results. Now it is this body's obligation to take that next step, and I  implore the President of the United States to state his support, which  my colleagues across the aisle have said is necessary for them to do  what they think is responsible. I say to them: If the President fails  to lead, you must do so.   We must continue to fight and never give up and never go away for the  sake of the survivors and families who said from this Gallery when we  failed to act in the wake of Sandy Hook: Shame.   Shame on us, in fact, if we fail to act.   I yield the floor.   