 Mr. President, I was happy to yield to the Senator from  Virginia because I know this issue of the government shutdown is  particularly acute in Virginia and in the State of Maryland, but we  feel it all across the United States of America.   Just a few minutes ago, I was on the phone with Dr. Scott Gottlieb of  the Food and Drug Administration, and I asked him: What is the impact  of the Trump shutdown on the Food and Drug Administration? Dr. Gottlieb  was very explicit. He said that the area that was hardest hit was food  safety.   Food safety is a responsibility that was assumed by the Federal  Government over 100 years ago after publication of the novel ``The  Jungle'' by Upton Sinclair. We decided to create a Federal Agency with  the responsibility of inspecting food so that people across America  would not suffer foodborne illness or worse.   We have a great Agency, and it does a great job when it is fully  funded operationally, but the fact is, over 40 million Americans will  end up with a food illness in any given year, and over 3,000 will die.  The responsibility of this Agency is not some bureaucratic function; it  is quite literally a life-and-death responsibility.   I asked Dr. Gottlieb: What does the government shutdown do to the  Food and Drug Administration when it comes to food safety? He said: We  have had to suspend operations at the highest risk food operations.   I asked him for an illustration, and he said: For example, the  facilities that make baby food, high-risk food inspection  responsibilities at the FDA. He said: We decided we had to call back  150 employees to make sure that we resume inspections at these high- risk facilities, such as those that make baby food.   Thank goodness.   He told me he has a problem. Here is the problem. The people he is  going to call back are in the lower income categories of Federal  employees. Many of them are making a decent wage, but only a decent  wage, and, certainly, they are not wealthy by any stretch, nor do they  have savings to turn to.    He said: I have to call back these folks who are literally out of  work because of the government shutdown--some of whom have applied for  unemployment compensation--and tell them they have to come to work.  Commissioner Gottlieb said: When I declare them essential, that is the  law. They have to return to work and come here for no pay.   We have an important responsibility of the government, food safety,  which is now being ignored--or I should say diminished--because of the  shutdown, and as they try to resume some part of it, Commissioner  Gottlieb has the awful responsibility of trying to pick those employees  who will be hurt the least if they are called back to work.   This is America. This is the U.S.A. This is a great country, perhaps  one of the greatest in the history of the world, and this is where we  stand when it comes to making certain that baby food is safe for  American families across the United States. Now we have to pick and  choose those who will be asked to come to work for nothing to perform  that function.   That is not the only area that he mentioned. He went on to talk about  areas that are not covered by user fees. You see, some of the  pharmaceutical companies and medical device companies actually pay for  inspections. As long as user fees are coming in, the inspections  continue. But it doesn't apply to every aspect when it comes to  medicine. For example, when it comes to compounding medicines, which is  done at the State level, primarily, the Federal Government has a  responsibility in some areas to make sure that those medicines are  safe. Do you recall a few years ago, in the State of Massachusetts,  when the compounding standards were lax and innocent people died  because the injections they were given were not sterile? Those are  exactly the responsibilities of the Food and Drug Administration. They  are the responsibilities that are not being met as they are supposed to  be met today because of this government shutdown.   If you think this is just about a lot of bureaucrats who are not  showing up to work and are sitting by some swimming pool, you are dead  wrong. These are people who are doing important things for America and  keeping us safe in the process.   There is also one other thing I want to mention to you. If you are in  the midst of a clinical trial to approve a new drug--an important drug  for someone whose life depends on it--the clinical trials continue  through the government shutdown. But if you completed your trials and  you want to make an application to sell this drug in America, you are  stopped cold by this government shutdown. Commissioner Gottlieb says we  can't processes these. Those potential lifesaving drugs have to sit on  the shelf because of the government shutdown, which this President has  proudly declared he believes is in the best interest of America. Tell  that to the families who are waiting for that drug. Tell that to the  people who labored for years to get it ready for market--that they just  have to wait until the President is ready to move.   I was there yesterday. I was at the meeting of the leaders with the  President, Vice President, and members of  [[Page S118]]  his Cabinet. It was not a long meeting. I think it lasted 17 minutes.  The President came in and distributed candy bars to the people who were  in attendance, and then started his speech. It basically came down to  this: Unless you are prepared to give me this wall, I will keep the  government shut down. That is what he said. When we made it clear that  the government shutdown should not be a bargaining chip in this  process, the President stood up after 17 minutes, and said: This is a  total waste, turned, and, in a fit of pique, left the room. To me, that  was a sad moment in the history of this country, when the Chief  Executive of the U.S. Government, a man who was elected to manage and  lead our government, has voluntarily shut down important and critical  functions of that government for a political purpose. He is not serving  the American people as he was elected to serve.   The victims, of course, will not be the President and his family, nor  many of the people who were in that room. It will be the 800,000  Federal employees who are victims of the shutdown. It will be half of  them who are showing up for work today with no pay and will not receive  a paycheck over the weekend.   Many of us will travel home over the weekend and go through an  airport. We will go through the TSA inspection, as all passengers do,  to make sure we travel safely on airplanes. It is tough to look those  TSA agents in the eye because we know what is happening. Many of them,  barely making enough money to get by--paycheck to paycheck--will not  receive a paycheck this weekend. I called a group of them together at  the O'Hare Airport on Tuesday. We held a press conference. I asked them  to explain what this means to you. They talked about being unable to  come up with the money to pay for gasoline to drive back and forth to  work 39 miles each way. They talked about the difficulties the families  are going to face when it comes to daycare for their children. What are  they going to do with their kids if they are coming to work for no pay  and they can't pay the daycare service? For those who have mortgage and  rental payments, some real consequences can follow. If you fail to make  that mortgage payment on a timely basis, you may face an increase on  the interest rate on your mortgage, and you may even face a downgrade  on your credit rating.   That is the real world for people who don't live in the White House.  That is the real world for the victims of this prideful shutdown, which  President Trump believes is in the best interest of this country. He is  wrong. It is in the best interest of this country to open this  government. It is in the best interest of Democrats and Republicans to  sit down together and work out our differences when it comes to border  security. We are all dedicated to border security. We just see it  differently. We have to find middle ground to come to a conclusion on  this important issue.   The last point I want to make is this. I am concerned that the  majority leader--the Republican leader, Senator McConnell--has made it  clear that he is waiting for a permission slip from President Trump to  be the leader of the Senate. We are a separate and proud branch of  government. We are given authority under this Constitution which the  President does not have. We do not wait for a permission slip from him  to exercise that constitutional authority. The votes to pass these  appropriations bills, I believe, are on the floor of the Senate today,  and that is what has led Senator McConnell to the conclusion that he  wouldn't dare call the bill. I think there are enough Republican  Senators who have spoken to me privately who are ready to step forward  and say: End this mindless shutdown. They are ready to vote for the  spending bills. Will it reach 67 to override a Presidential veto? It  just might do that. But let's test it by being the Senate under the  Constitution, not by waiting for a permission slip from President Trump  to exercise the constitutional responsibilities which each of us swore  to uphold when we became Members of this important body.   I yield the floor.   