 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  what I believe is a real crisis at the southern border. I think there  is even a case to be made that we have challenges at the northern  border, but I want to focus on what the narrative here in the country  has been over the past couple of months, weeks, or really years since I  have been here--sworn in in 2015.   I think it is very important. We all know that we have the Executive  order from the President or the emergency declaration. He clearly  believes there is a crisis at the border--so much so that he was  willing to invoke an authority Congress granted beginning in 1976--the  National Emergencies Act--and then amended throughout the 1980s. He  believes he is within his authority to declare an emergency so that he  can get resources down to the southern border as quickly as possible.   It is no secret that I disagree with the method the President is  using to provide funding down at the southern border, but make no  mistake about it--I do believe there is a crisis at the border, and I  take exception to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who say  the President is manufacturing a crisis.   I serve on the Judiciary Committee. I have since 2015. Yesterday, we  got a briefing from Homeland Security that was truly startling in terms  of the statistics on the number of crossings--a record number of  crossings; severalfold; in one case, 10 times--over the past few  months. I believe one of the reasons we are seeing the increase in  illegal crossings is that those who are coming from countries other  than Mexico--who are the majority of illegal crossings today--believe  that if they get across the border, there is a very low chance they  will be returned to their country of origin.   Speaker Pelosi said it is a manufactured crisis. It is not a  manufactured crisis. Take a look at the data. It is a real crisis. The  majority leader said the same thing. I think it is a crisis on several  levels. One has to do with the number of people coming across the  border today.   There is something that is very important that I think was missed by  many people in the committee hearing yesterday. There were a number of  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle whom I work with--in fact,  I worked with Senator Durbin on a solution for the DACA population. I  am not necessarily considered a hawk on all things immigration. But I  will tell you that when I hear the senior Senator from Illinois say  that everyone who is coming across the border is fleeing a dangerous  situation in their country of origin, that doesn't necessarily  reconcile with the fact that almost 80 percent--8 out of 10 claims of  asylum are adjudicated not to be valid. Eight out of ten claims for  asylum are adjudicated not to be valid. And I don't hear anybody on the  other side of the aisle saying that we should change the standard for  an asylum claim. So for someone to say that everyone coming from these  countries is fleeing a fear of some sort of harm by staying in their  country or maybe staying in Mexico while they sort things out--that is  simply not true.   If you take a look at the severalfold increase in illegal crossings,  80 percent  [[Page S1723]]  of them are deemed invalid in terms of a threat to life or liberty from  their country of origin based on our standard for asylum. I am not  making this up; this is a matter of court records. These cases are  being adjudicated by officials who were appointed by Democrats and  Republicans, so it is not as though we have someone down there setting  a different standard for asylum. Eight out of ten asylum claims for  people crossing the southern border are deemed invalid.   But now what is happening is that we are spending so much time  adjudicating, detaining, and processing this influx of illegal  crossings that we are creating a more dangerous situation because bad  actors are getting through. Our resources are being spent trying to  process this influx of crossings that we have to stop. How do you stop  it? You stop it by preventing future flows. You stop it by changing the  treatment of a family who crosses from Mexico being different from a  family who crosses from Ecuador, El Salvador, or any other Latin  America country. You treat them all the same. You treat them  respectfully. You try to give them an opportunity to make their case,  but you also send a clear message that if you can't come through the  normal asylum process, which means you show up and you lawfully request  that your asylum claim be heard, then you cross the border and you put  yourself and your children at risk.   We have a crisis at the border. I spent a week--in fact, Senator  Cornyn will be speaking after me. Senator Cornyn invited some of us to  spend a week down on the southern border, and it was very revealing to  see what is going on there--seeing crossings happen right before us,  seeing cane along the Rio Grande River that prevents border security  from even seeing somebody who may be 10 feet away as they are snaking  through in the middle of the night. We were on horseback, we were in  low-draft boats, and we were in helicopters. We saw the crisis at the  border in real time. That was last year. Now we have severalfold more  people coming across the border.   The crisis has several layers to it. One of the ones that I think  every American should get behind is that the crisis is occurring  because our resources are being diluted by trying to police these  borders and apprehending people, 8 out of 10 of whom will ultimately be  deemed not to have a valid asylum claim. While we are tracking them  down, the cartels are smuggling millions of doses of poison across our  border that are killing people every year. These are the deaths that  have been reported, and they are reported, sadly, almost on an annual  basis--tens of thousands of people dying as a result of drugs coming  across the southern border. Because our resources are spread so thin, I  think this will get worse if we don't figure out how to secure the  border.   We have deaths of immigrants. Every year on American soil, we recover  nearly 300 bodies of people who paid hundreds or thousands of dollars  to the cartels so that they could pass through the plazas at the  southern border. There is no way you can cross the southern border  without paying a fee to these organized crime gangs who literally  control the border. In fact, we were told yesterday in the committee  that it will cost you $500 to put your foot in the Rio Grande River,  and if you don't, you are probably going to die before you ever leave  Mexico.   We have no earthly idea of the thousands of people--men, women and  children--who die trying to cross the border and can't pay a toll at  the appropriate time, or they get caught up in a conflict between the  cartels along the plazas of the southern border, but I know thousands  of people have died. Over the last 20 years, nearly 10,000 bodies have  been recovered on American soil--men, women, and children--because this  has become one of the most profitable enterprises for the human  smugglers, human traffickers, and drug traffickers in Mexico. That is a  crisis, ladies and gentlemen, and it is a crisis that we need to  recognize.   Gang members. Thousands of MS-13 gang members have crossed the border  illegally, and here is the sad reality. When they successfully cross  the border, they go into Hispanic communities. They go into  communities, many of them communities where the majority are legally  present, and make them more dangerous. They hide there. They coopt  them. They actually recruit kids into their gang activities and use  minors to do a lot of the illegal activities--distributing drugs,  trafficking humans, and all the other illicit activities that the gangs  are involved in. That is a crisis.   The human toll is devastating. When we were down at the border, we  were told of one massacre--this is one instance--where there was a  coyote. That is a person who is responsible for moving people through  the plazas, ultimately, to cross the border illegally. In one instance,  we had a human trafficker--a human smuggler--who apparently took a lot  of the money that should have been passed back to the cartels to pay  for the passage of these folks trying to get across the border, and  they didn't have the money to pay the cartel.   So what did the cartel do? They ordered the massacre of 72 people.  This is one group--one group--of 72 people on the other side of the  border who were murdered--men, women, and children. They never got to  the United States.   The sad fact is, statistically speaking, after they had spent  virtually all of their life's belongings, if they had gotten across the  border, 8 out of 10 of them probably wouldn't have had a valid claim to  asylum. We have to figure out a better way to help these countries,  where these folks want to come to the United States and enjoy our  liberties and enjoy our economic blessings. Crossing the border  illegally is not the way to do it.   That is why I have consistently supported any measure to secure the  border. There is no recommendation that President Trump has made that I  haven't supported. I supported a package last year that was nearly $25  billion for people, technology, and infrastructure to secure the  border--to build all-weather roads, to build walls where necessary, or  structures, to invest in technology, and to provide more personnel to  secure the border--not to harm these folks but to help them, to  actually protect people in the border States, but also to send a very  clear message: Don't try to come to this country illegally, where your  claim for asylum is more likely than not going to be rejected, and the  likelihood that you and your children could be hurt is very high.   So there is a crisis at the border. We need to fund the President's  priorities. The President's immediate priorities require $5.7 billion  to fully fund his 10 key priorities at the border. I support that. I  applaud the President for taking the steps he did. I am going to do  everything I can to continue to come down here and send the message to  those who may be contemplating making the dangerous trip--from whatever  country where they may be living--with their children and potentially  being harmed, to not do that. Let's find another way to help them and  their country of origin. Let's find another way to let them request  asylum that doesn't involve making the dangerous trip and then,  potentially, being denied.   I also wanted to come to the floor today to send a very clear message  to the President and to the administration: I support the border plan.  I support funding the wall, people, technology, and infrastructure  proposals that the President has made. We just have to do it in a  sustainable way, and we have to do it in a way that goes far beyond the  $5.7 billion we need right now to fund the President's immediate  priorities.   I want to end by thanking Senator Cornyn. Senator Cornyn said  something yesterday that I think was extremely important. It is  interesting for somebody in a State, maybe in New England or far, far  away from the border, to say: There is no crisis. We don't have an  issue down at the border.   I have to believe that somebody like Senator Cornyn, who knows this  issue, knows the threat, knows the impact, and knows the human toll  better than just about any of us, can say: Why don't you come down  there and spend some time with me? Why don't you do what so many others  have done to see it firsthand?   Now, let's get out of the politics and saying that it is a  manufactured crisis the President is acting on. It is a real crisis.  Human lives are at stake. So many lives have been lost. We have to stop  the carnage, get the politics out of it, secure the border, and move on  to immigration reform and so many other things that we should do.  [[Page S1724]]    With that, I yield the floor, and, again, I thank Senator Cornyn for  all the great work he has done on this issue and for his leadership. I  am glad to follow him into any issue that, hopefully, will get us to  secure the border.   I yield the floor.   