 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on  this.   After serving 30 years in the Air Force and serving with multiple air  operation centers, I know how hard our military works to get this  right. Our military forces go through extreme measures to avoid  civilian casualties.   At any given time, combatant commanders have multiple boards,  centers, cells, and working groups that are focused on reducing  civilian casualties, in addition to the work of the various target  development working groups.   Additionally, there are significant and recurring legal reviews  conducted as proposed targets are evaluated for compliance with the law  of war by judge advocates, legal advisers, and target engagement  authorities--and this is before any strike is even taken.   To evaluate civilian casualties and allegations, military commanders  look at and consider reports from all sources, including NGOs, credible  media sources and outlets, and even social media.   In addition to evaluating all these various reports, they look at the  video surveillance that they have and other forms of data from their  ISR assets, witness observations; they take human intelligence and  other forms of intelligence.   Of course, there are going to be differences in initial reporting-- and sometimes even months afterwards--between what DOD sees and what  other groups are seeing, but this is war, and war is chaos. And our  adversaries frequently also inflate civilian losses to further their  aims.   So my position is this. We have a great process in place. It is  working. The military has given it their very best to get this right.  The integrity of our military commanders is such that we can trust  their effort with what they are doing now, and any discrepancies, they  are acknowledged and they are investigated, and they try to get it as  right as they can.   To say our military does not take these allegations of civilian  casualties seriously means you don't understand the policy, the  process, and the level of effort that goes into avoiding these  casualties in the first place. And investigating any allegations of  civilian causalities in any post operation, they do their very best to  get this right.   Our military is working hard. They are trying to achieve our  objectives. I stand in objection to the amendment.   