 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Kaine  and I each be permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes prior to the  scheduled vote.    Mr. President, I want to join my colleagues from Maryland  and my friend, the Senator from Virginia, as well, to speak out on this  manufactured crisis.   This President is holding 800,000 Federal workers hostage, folks who  are going to work, some of them without pay, and others who are  furloughed. As has been mentioned, this is not just affecting Federal  workers. Senator Kaine and I have been talked to by a number of  contractors, small business owners.  [[Page S47]]  A couple of them are closing their doors this week because they have  now gone for weeks without being paid. You can't put a business back  together after you have closed its doors. So there are 800,000 Federal  employees, there are contractors, but there is a whole slew of other  folks who are already immediately affected.   The complete lack of thought this administration had in this  shutdown--they tried to say: We are not going to make it seem like a  shutdown. We are going to leave the parks open. Now we see destruction  going on in our parks. We see in our State that Shenandoah National  Park has trash overfilling. We have the battlefields where people have  engaged in inappropriate activities. We have seen as well a whole slew  of businesses that depend upon a high volume of tourist travel during  the holidays--none of that took place.   I also wonder whether Donald Trump, who says this is about security-- well, if it is about security, we ought to make sure our Coast Guard is  paid. We ought to make sure our TSA agents are paid. We are seeing  dramatic numbers of folks calling in sick, dramatically reducing the  ability to maintain security at our airports, where, frankly, most of  our vulnerability on the border actually takes place. That is going to  get exponentially worse after Friday when these employees go without a  paycheck.   The fact is, these workers don't work for Donald Trump; they work for  America. Echoing what my colleague said, our first order of business  ought to be making sure we get this government reopened.   The final point I want to make is this: The heartlessness of this  President in his comments about our Federal workers that somehow they  can manage through without a paycheck, that somehow they can negotiate  with their landlord if they can't pay their rent--rather than Donald  Trump putting on a political show tonight on TV and a political trip to  the border tomorrow, I invite the President to come anywhere in  Virginia, Maryland, or the District and sit down with Federal employees  and explain this crisis and why they are not getting paid.    So my hope is that, echoing what our Senators from Maryland have  said, the Senate shouldn't be complicit in this. We need to reopen the  government. If we want to negotiate additional border security, I am  all for it, but not holding hostage, literally, our Federal employees  and countless others.   I yield to the Senator from Virginia.    Mr. President, I rise today out of deep frustration with  the Trump administration's treatment of Federal workers due to the  government shutdown.   It has been 17 days since more than 380,000 Federal workers were  furloughed and more than 450,000 began working without pay.   Once upon a time, we were told that Mexico would pay for the  President's border wall. Now the President is demanding taxpayers cough  up more than $5 billion, and he is holding our Federal workers hostage  until he gets it.  [[Page S53]]    At first the President tried to paint Federal workers and contractors  as political actors. Now he imagines that Federal workers are actually  cheering him on.   But rather than imagining what Federal workers are going through, I  encourage the President and my Republican colleagues to listen to the  firsthand accounts of how this shutdown is affecting the real families  caught up in it.   Here are some of the messages I have received from Virginians whose  families are experiencing significant financial hardship because of  this President's shutdown.   Rebecca in Chesapeake writes: ``. . . I just want my husband to be  able to go back to the work he loves and to have stability for my  family returned . . . The stress of not knowing how long this will last  is eating at both my husband and me.''   Rosemarie in Falls Church shared this: ``My husband was diagnosed  last week with advanced lung cancer and now on top of that stress, I  have to worry about not getting a paycheck . . .''   The President, who has never worked for a paycheck in his life, says  he can relate. He says he is sure Federal workers ``will make  adjustments.'' Here is what those ``adjustments'' actually look like.   Lisa in Arlington writes: ``I am forced to look for multiple part- time jobs to make ends meet and my savings will soon run out. Creditors  and landlords have only so much patience with us.''   How disheartening it must be to dedicate your life to serving others,  only to find your own livelihood in jeopardy through no fault of your  own.   That is why I am doing everything I can to make sure Federal  employees receive back pay for any time spent furloughed or working  without pay.   That means low-wage Federal contractors, too. The other day, I  received a letter from a Federal contractor from Ashburn, who says the  shutdown has ``rocked the financial stability of my family.''   These folks who serve the Federal Government as custodians, cafeteria  workers, security guards, and in many other important roles should not  suffer because of this President's actions.   We also need to reverse the President's unilateral Federal pay  freeze--a slap in the face to hardworking Federal employees--announced  just a few days before Christmas.   The truth is, Federal workers are sick and tired of being treated  like bargaining chips by this administration.   Here is what Chad, furloughed NASA engineer from Suffolk, told me:  ``I'm disappointed to once again find myself barred from doing the job  that I love. I find it offensive to be used as a political pawn and  find the recent executive order to freeze civil servant pay at 2018  levels, while on furlough no less, to be shockingly disrespectful and  wrong.''   Federal workers aren't in this business to get rich; they are public  servants who often forgo higher pay in the private sector to serve  their country.   Dishonoring this sacrifice with a shutdown, with a pay freeze, and  with the President's utter indifference to our Federal workers is a  national disgrace.   It is having a devastating effect on morale and the Federal  Government's ability to recruit and retain talent.   Here is how Joanna, a DHS employee from Woodbridge, put it: ``I love  my job, but being a pawn for those who have no compassion for me or  those I work beside is going to drive me and many, many others out of  public service.''   At a time when the share of Federal employees eligible for retirement  is expected to jump to 30 percent in 5 years, the last thing we should  be doing is actively undermining the competitiveness of the Federal  workforce.   In conclusion, I thank my friend, Senator Kaine, for bringing us  together this evening and for his partnership in fighting for  Virginia's Federal workers and contractors.   Thank you as well to my constituents Rebecca, Rosemarie, Lisa, Chad,  Joanna, and others for allowing me to share their stories.   I want to reassure them and every Virginian that I remain committed  to ending this unnecessary shutdown and making sure every worker  impacted by it is made whole.   Thank you, Mr. President.   