 ``He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent  of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators  present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and  Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public  Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other  Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein  otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the  Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as  they think proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in  the Heads of Departments.   ``The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may  happen during the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which  shall expire at the End of their next Session.''    Section 3:   ``He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the  State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures  as he shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary  Occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in Case of  Disagreement between them, with Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he  may adjourn them to such Time as he shall think proper; he shall  receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall take Care that  the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all the Officers  of the United States.''   Section 4:   ``The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United  States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction  of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.''    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Arizona for this  Special Order and for the opportunity to speak.   Mr. Speaker, last weekend, a handful of colleagues and I toured the  southern border between Arizona and Mexico, meeting with Border Patrol  agents, ranchers, law enforcement, and Angel Families, who have lost  loved ones to illegals. Mr. Speaker, I can say, more confidently than  ever, that we need stronger border security. This is not--I repeat,  not--a manufactured crisis on the border, as we are hearing the  opposite side of the aisle say.   This crisis at the border is getting worse, but the solution is the  same: we must secure our borders in order to regain control of our  broken immigration system. The brave men and women who put their lives  on the line every day to protect our country are doing so without the  full support of the Federal Government, and that is unacceptable and  tragic. It certainly is not a manufactured crisis.   We need to build a border wall, construct roads and infrastructure,  improve our technological resources, and restore pay to Border Patrol  agents that was stripped out under the Obama administration. I hear our  Democratic opponents say across the aisle that walls are immoral and  ineffective. A wall is not immoral. It is absolutely necessary.  Certainly, a wall will not prevent all illegals from coming over, but  no wall keeps no one out.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  put their money where their mouth is and actually go and visit our  southern border.   This is what our opponents say across the aisle is border security.  We saw it. We were there. I want the American people to see this, and  my constituents to see this. Our Democrat colleagues need to go down to  the border and see this.   