 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as the dust settles from the longest  shutdown in American history, we have work to do to get our country  back on track. Hundreds of thousands of Federal workers who endured a  month without compensation need to get their paychecks and backpay as  soon as possible. So I have written a letter to President Trump urging  him to expedite the delivery of those paychecks.   At the same time, we must be mindful of the hardships that persist  for Federal contractors, who may not receive the backpay they have  missed and who may have lost health insurance during the shutdown. We  need to find a solution as well for those contractors. Senator Smith of  Minnesota is working on that, and I hope we can do something to help  them. It is of no fault of their own that they lost pay.   But there are some costs from the Trump shutdown that cannot be  recouped. The CBO today released a report about the lasting damage that  the Trump shutdown has done to the American economy. According to the  CBO, the 5-week shutdown cost the U.S. economy $11 billion overall,  including $3 billion in economic activity that can never be recovered.   Let me repeat that. The Trump shutdown has cost the U.S. economy $11  billion. What a devastating and pointless exercise this has been. If  President Trump didn't appreciate the error of his ways already, his  CBO ought to set him straight--no more shutdowns. They accomplish  nothing. They only inflict pain and suffering on the country, our  citizens, our economy, and our national security. That is a lesson we  all must keep in mind.   The continuing resolution we passed on Friday only runs until  February 15. In 3 weeks, we must pass additional appropriations to  avoid another shutdown. Let the CBO report be a dire warning to  President Trump and my Republican colleagues in the Senate against  shutting down the government again.   Now, in these next 3 weeks, House and Senate appropriators named to  the conference committee on Department of Homeland Security will  endeavor to strike a bipartisan deal on border security. The good news  is that we begin this process with plenty of common ground. Democrats  and Republicans alike agree on the need for stronger border security.  Though Democrats sharply disagree with the President on the need for an  expensive and ineffective border wall, we agree on the need to  strengthen our ports of entry, as well as the need to provide more drug  inspection technology and humanitarian assistance. Since so many of the  drugs come through the portals, a border wall will do no good at all,  but strengthening those portals is vital.   Because we have set this up as a conference, Democratic and  Republican leadership--House and Senate--will be involved, as well as  the appropriators from those committees. Everyone has skin in the game.  So in the next 3 weeks, the goal of the committee should be to find  areas where we agree and work on them together.   In the past, when the President has stayed out of it, when the  President has given Congress room, we have been repeatedly able to  forge bipartisan agreements, including two budget agreements and the  Russia sanctions. When the President injects maximalist partisan  demands into the process, negotiations tend to fall apart. The  President should allow the conference committee to proceed with good  faith negotiations. I genuinely hope it will produce something that is  good for the country and acceptable to both sides.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   