 Madam Chair, I thank Congresswoman Murphy for her  [[Page H4611]]  leadership in our Future Forum and for focusing on the important  healthcare issues facing our young people today.   Madam Chair, I am proud to cosponsor this amendment to invest in the  Garrett Lee Smith Youth Suicide Prevention grants to promote outreach,  education, awareness, and prevention efforts to young people in our  communities and to vulnerable students on our college campuses.   Suicide is the leading cause of death among young people ages 15 to  24 in my State of Utah, and we know that we can do more to save lives.   We have tremendous leaders stepping up in Utah to change the  conversation on mental health and to reach people in crisis.   In fact, Weber State University in Utah recently used a Garrett Lee  Smith Campus grant to fund its peer-based support network to address  mental health stigma and to expand students' access to mental health  support.   Madam Chair, I am proud to support this amendment and to expand our  work to invest in the mental health of our young people.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise to offer my amendment to strengthen our national  efforts to address the public health crisis of suicide in our country.   I would like to applaud Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger  for their work on this bill, as well as my colleague from Utah on the  committee, Representative Stewart, who has been a champion of suicide  prevention efforts in Congress.   For the first time, this legislation specifically provides funding  for research, outreach, and prevention measures on the concerning  public health issue of suicide through the Centers for Disease  Control's Injury Prevention and Control programs. My amendment would  build on this work by providing additional capacity at the CDC to  ensure the agency can enhance its outreach and prevention work for  youth at risk of suicide.   My home State of Utah is grappling with a suicide crisis. From  seniors experiencing isolation in rural communities to young people who  face bullying in schools, we are seeing rates of suicide rise across  multiple populations. In fact, one high school in my district recently  lost seven students to suicide in only 1 year.   Utah has the unfortunate distinction of being the State with the  sixth highest rate of deaths by suicide, and suicide is the leading  cause of death of Utahns 15 to 24 years old.   According to the CDC, between 1999 and 2016, per capita deaths by  suicide rose 46.5 percent in Utah, well above the concerning national  increase of 25.4 percent over the same period. Our youth suicide rate  more than doubled between 2011 and 2015.   We have a bipartisan agreement in our State that we need to do more  to understand and address this crisis. I thank our State Governor,  Governor  [[Page H4614]]  Herbert, for convening a youth suicide task force to lead this effort,  and the public and community leaders who have been working on a number  of initiatives. School leaders have been working to hire more mental  health professionals and to offer services to help students in crisis.  Our conversation in Utah on mental health wellness has continued to  evolve and bring a focus to the health needs of vulnerable people.   From suicide prevention lifelines, including those for at-risk  populations like veterans, to mental health crisis training for first  responders and care providers, we know we still need to invest in the  services and infrastructure that serve people in crisis.   Policymakers must continue to review how we are working to strengthen  our public health education on suicide prevention and ensure that  people with mental health and behavioral health needs can access  affordable, quality care.   I believe my amendment takes a strong step to ensuring our national  and State public health experts have sufficient resources to  investigate this troubling rise in deaths by suicide, particularly  among young people, and to develop and implement prevention strategies.   I look forward to continuing this work with my colleagues on the  Appropriations Committee.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut  (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   