 I thank the gentleman, Mr. Scalise, the Republican whip,  for yielding.   On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning-hour debate,  and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed until 6:30  p.m.   Members are being advised that debate on amendments to H.R. 2740 will  begin at 3 p.m. on Tuesday.   On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for  morning-hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   Members are reminded that when the House is considering appropriation  bills, votes will occur after 7 p.m.   On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Last votes on Friday may occur between 2 and 3 p.m.   We will consider several bills under suspension of the rules. The  complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the close of  business tomorrow.   The House will continue consideration of H.R. 2740, the Departments  of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related  Agencies Appropriations Act, 2020.   The House will also begin consideration of H.R. 3055, which is the  Commerce, Justice, Science, Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and  Drug Administration, Interior, Environment, Military Construction,  Veterans Affairs, Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development  Appropriations Act.   This will be the second minibus that will be coming to the floor over  this work period. It is my intention, Mr. Speaker, to pass all 12  appropriation bills in this work period.   This package is yet another step toward the House doing its work to  avoid another shutdown, which has such a negative effect on the Nation  and a negative effect on the morale of those who work for the American  people in the Federal Government.   Hopefully, it will result in an agreement between the House and the  Senate, and a signature of the President, which will preclude a repeat  of the shutdown.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments.   First of all, I think there is broad agreement that there is, indeed,  an emergency, that we need to act, and we need to act as quickly as  possible.   As the gentleman probably knows because it was reported in the press,  we had a leadership meeting with the appropriators yesterday, urging  the swiftest action possible.   I will tell my friend, to put this in context, the gentleman  indicates the system is broken. I would agree with that. I think  everybody agrees with it. The Senate tried to fix it in 2013. We have  urged for the last 6 years for a bill to be put on the floor on  comprehensive immigration reform. While it may not have totally solved  this issue, it certainly would have addressed this issue.   Notwithstanding that historical perspective and context, it is clear  that there is an emergency and that we need to respond. I would hope  that my friend would say that we would respond in the sense of the  emergency that exists. I think both sides believe that we ought to  deploy emergency resources to deal with the emergency.   If we can limit it to that, I suggest to my friend, we will have a  lot better opportunity to get a consensus. Now, what I am saying is, I  frankly think the administration conflates border enforcement and some  of the things it wants to do on enforcement and humanitarian relief.   If we can pass a bill that is limited to humanitarian relief, I hope  that we could pass it as soon as possible, meaning next week. I will  tell the gentleman that Ms. Roybal-Allard has been working very hard to  reach a consensus not only within her committee but reach a consensus  with those who have a particular focus on it. The Congressional  Hispanic Caucus, as you know, is very concerned about the humanitarian  situation at the border, as we all are.   The New York Times editorial, which I brought to the attention of my  Members, and they had already seen it, I think The New York Times'  premise is correct. We need to act. We need to act quickly. We are  working toward that end.   I would hope that we could move as early as next week. I can't  promise that, but I am hopeful that we can reach a consensus.   It would be nice if we could reach a consensus between the House and  the Senate. I know the Senate talked about acting next week. We will  see what they do.  [[Page H4672]]    I guarantee that this week, over the weekend, or the beginning of  next week, Ms. Roybal-Allard and others are working to get a bill  together that we believe could get a majority of the House and a  majority of the Senate and the signature of the President because we  need to act. The gentleman is absolutely correct.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments, and I understand  the deep concern. We have deep concern on this side of the aisle about  the administration's attitude, for instance, when they take children  from their parents and send them to far-off places and don't keep  sufficient records to reunite those children.   So, yes, we share the concern about the humanitarian crisis, but we  are also concerned that the administration that has done some of the  things that it has done and that has made it much more difficult for  people to pursue asylum to which they may be entitled under American  law, we want to make sure that, in fact, we are dealing with  humanitarian issues that the gentleman raises and not issues that seem  to be related by this administration.   We have cause for concern and we have cause for caution, but I am  hopeful, as I said, that we can get this done, because I don't disagree  with the gentleman, and The New York Times and we don't disagree.   There is a very serious challenge at the border to make sure that  people are safe, kept in places where they are warm and out of the  elements and where they can be treated in a way that Americans would  want to treat others and would want to be treated themselves. So I am  hopeful that we will get this done sooner rather than later.   But Mr. Obama asked for that supplemental. The other thing he asked  for for many, many years was let's get a comprehensive immigration bill  passed. In my view, had that been put on the floor, it would have had a  majority of votes in the House. It was never put on the floor for  years--not months and not days, for years. That is part of the  solution. Irrespective of that, we need to act as soon as possible,  hopefully, within the week.   Much work is being done on this to resolve the concerns of those who  have some of the most knowledge, and that is members of our Hispanic  Caucus who live on the border, who interface on the border and who see,  every day, the consequences of what is happening. They want to make  sure that, yes, there is humanitarian assistance and people are treated  humanely, safely, and with respect. But they don't want that money used  to treat other people who are in this country in an arbitrary and  capricious way.   So I want to join the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, and assure him that I  share his concern. We are urging everybody to work as hard as they  possibly can to get to an agreement, and I am hopeful that we can do  that in the very, very near future. I am told leaving here without  doing that would not be acceptable.    I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to place in historical context, again, this House  [[Page H4673]]  passed a DREAM Act, and we sent it to the Senate and the Senate didn't  pass it. So this House, when we were in the majority, did do that, but  we couldn't get 60 votes in the Senate. We know that problem. It so  happens we were in the majority, but we couldn't get 60 votes for that  at that point in time.   We could go on a long time about pointing fingers at who has done  what and when, but the fact of the matter is we have some people in  real distress. We have some Federal employees who have a responsibility  who are being greatly challenged. We need to address that, and I am  urging that we do that as quickly as we possibly can.    We are about to deliver a chit, if you will, for a dinner  for four at one of the famous crab houses here in Washington as the  result of Louisiana's not treating the University of Maryland nearly as  thoughtfully as they could have, and I lost that bet. But I appreciate  my friend's wish for a happy birthday.   God has been very good to me, and I am looking forward to celebrating  that birthday. My daughters were a little premature. We celebrated it  last Saturday, too, so we are going to have a number of celebrations on  this birthday, and then hopefully everybody will forget it, including  me.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. tomorrow, and further,  when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at noon on  Tuesday, June 18, 2019, for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for  legislative business.    Yes.    No, we do not expect any business to be conducted.   