 Madam President, I wanted to speak today about the  proposed disapproval of arms sales to our Gulf partners, Bahrain and  Qatar. Last month, the administration notified Congress of its  intention to sell Apache helicopters to Qatar. Those helicopters will  help with security and counterterrorism patrols, especially ahead of  the 2020 World Cup, which, of course, will be a prime target for  terrorists.   We are also scheduled to sell air-defense missiles to Bahrain, where  we have more than 8,500 Americans stationed in Manama at U.S. Naval  Forces Central Command and the Fifth Fleet. These sales would also  yield more than $3 billion for America, while making Americans safer  overseas--what you might call a win-win. By contrast, rejecting these  arms sales in a fit of pique would endanger Americans and weaken  American influence in the Persian Gulf at precisely the moment when we  as a Nation are being severely tested.   Right now, the Iranian regime is engaged in a bloody campaign of  terror, testing our resolve. Earlier this week, Iran's proxy on the  Arabian Peninsula, the Houthi rebels in Yemen, launched a missile  attack on a civilian airport in Saudi Arabia, wounding more than two  dozen civilians, including women and children. Where did the Houthis  get that missile? Yemen isn't known for its defense-industrial base.  That missile came from Iran, as surely as if it were launched from  Iranian soil itself.   In recent weeks, four oil tankers near the Strait of Hormuz, flying  the flags of our allies and partners--Norway, Saudi Arabia, and the  United Arab Emirates--were attacked with explosives, in effect,  terrorizing all traffic through that strategic chokepoint. Public  reports indicate that the Iranians perpetrated these attacks. Let's  just say I am confident it wasn't the Swedes settling old grudges  against their Nordic rival.   Just this morning, hours ago, two tankers were attacked in the Gulf  of Oman, with early indications that the damage is consistent with a  torpedo or other projectile. While the attack hasn't been attributed  yet, I think it is a safe bet that it wasn't the Omanis.   Let's not be naive about what is happening in the Middle East. As  Iran's economy staggers under the weight of new American sanctions, the  ayatollahs are lashing out and raging against the world. It is  essential that we support our Gulf partners during this dangerous time  so they can defend themselves from Iranian aggression and its proxies.   Besides, the arms we sell to Qatar and Bahrain will also protect all  those Americans and their families in Bahrain and Qatar.   But instead of helping Qatar and Bahrain to confront a common  adversary, some of my colleagues want to hang them out to dry. If we  snub our Gulf partners today, though, there will be consequences. Our  joint efforts to fight terrorist financing could suffer. Our pressure  campaign against Iran could also be jeopardized. If we back away from  our partners now, their security needs will not disappear. There will  just be adversaries swooping in to support them.   Qatar is already considering a major arms deal with Russia. Both  Qatar and Bahrain are involved in China's Belt and Road Initiative, an  attempt by the Chinese Communist Party to build a world order with  itself at the top. So what we are debating today isn't only whether to  help or hurt our Gulf partners. It is also whether to push them further  into the Chinese and Russian spheres of influence.   I understand that a few of my colleagues have qualms about some of  the countries with whom America must work as a matter of necessity to  protect our security and our interests, but that is no excuse for rash  actions that would weaken American influence, threaten Americans  overseas, and embolden our adversaries in Tehran, Beijing, and Moscow.   Make no mistake. The ayatollahs, Vladimir Putin, and Xi Jinping are  watching these votes. For those of you who are undecided, I suggest you  consider how those men would want you to vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   