 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  Senate for 1 minute as in morning business.    Mr. President, I and my friend Senator Wyden released  an updated version of our bipartisan Prescription Drug Pricing  Reduction Act. This bill will now deliver even more savings for seniors  and Americans with disabilities. When I say ``more,'' it will be more  than the bill that was voted out of the Senate Committee on Finance on  a 19-to-9 vote during the last week of July. The bill will also help  pay for critical health programs. Billions of dollars saved in out-of- pocket costs are also a result of the bill and billions of dollars  allocated for healthcare programs that tens of millions of Americans  rely upon.   What I just said will be accomplished all without spending a dime  more of taxpayer dollars. That is because Big Pharma, our  pharmaceutical industry of the United States, will finally be held  accountable. Taxpayers shouldn't be put on the hook for unlimited  subsidies from the Federal Treasury to big companies that make billions  in profits.   I don't often quote the Washington Post about legislation I put in,  but the Washington Post recently wrote that our bill was the ``drug  pricing bill with the best chances of passing Congress.''   Over the weekend, President Trump applauded the work my friend  Senator Wyden and I have done to improve our bipartisan legislation.  The President was very supportive of it even before we made these  changes. That is because, in the Congress of the United States today,  it is the only significant bipartisan legislation that exists to  address the skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs.   The Senate must demonstrate courage and finally pass this very  important bill because very few Members of Congress can miss the cry of  their citizens that drug pricing is too high, and they expect Congress  to do something about it. This bill answers that cry and should soon  get a vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   