 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor again to urge my  colleagues to stand up for Congress as a coequal branch of government  and assert our institutional rights in the arms sales process.   I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have  joined with me in this effort to bring us here today.   As we get ready to vote on these resolutions, I want to again remind  my colleagues what is at stake here. At the end of the day, these votes  are not about any one President or any one arms sale. There will be  another President in the White House someday. There will be another  President who will want to claim Executive authorities to run over  Congress and who will want to use emergency declarations to push  through their agenda. We in this body must embrace our article I  responsibilities and ensure that we serve as an effective check on  whoever that Executive is.   Regarding these resolutions, in particular, we must both assert our  role in upholding the rule of law at home and use our position to  ensure that when our government seeks to sell weapons, those sales  advance our national security interests and our values. It is the  Congress that provided the President with the authority to sell arms  while retaining strong oversight in the process.   At the risk of getting in the weeds, I want to briefly explain why  Secretary Pompeo's 22 emergency certifications don't meet the basic  requirements laid out by Congress in the Arms Export Control Act. I  will be submitting a further statement for the Record detailing my  statutory concerns, and I encourage my colleagues to read it.   First of all, Secretary Pompeo provided us with one single emergency  declaration for 22 separate arms sales, when the law requires each come  with its own individual justification. It is obvious why the Secretary  flouted the statute: His bogus emergency doesn't pass the laugh test,  in general. Furthermore, the Secretary is trying to justify these sales  by relying on a section of the Arms Export Control Act--article 36(c)-- that arguably does not grant him the authority to do what he is even  trying to do.   Congress made fairly clear back in 2000 that this provision only  allows for the United States to make emergency arms sales in very  limited situations--for example, to sell arms to NATO partners and  other steadfast allies that share our values, like Israel, Australia,  and Japan.   This is a power grab, pure and simple, with lasting implications for  the role of Congress in the sale of arms around the world. We cannot,  as an institution, stand for it.   Let me turn to the proposed sales. As a number of my colleagues and I  have already laid out, the administration's argument that this is an  emergency meriting pushing through $8 billion worth of arms sales to  Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates simply does not pass muster.   The weapons sales this administration is trying to push through  without congressional review will not in any way equip the United  States or our allies to better face any imminent threats from Iran.   The Assistant Secretary of State, R. Clarke Cooper, admitted as much  multiple times last week before the House of Representatives. In one  instance, he noted that the administration had been considering this  emergency determination for months. In another, he conceded that a  majority of these sales will not even be functional or come online for  months or, even in some cases, years.   Let's take a moment to review why last year I decided to put a hold  on a sale of 60,000 precision-guided munition kits. Saudi Arabia, at  the helm of its coalition, has used these weapons to devastating  effects in Yemen. The two resolutions we will consider individually  relate to the sales of precision-guided munitions and parts.   We have heard that these weapons are humanitarian weapons. When they  are used to precisely target civilians, how can we possibly continue to  sell them? These are components of bombs that we know have killed  thousands of civilians in Yemen--patients in hospitals, children on  schoolbuses. In fact, the Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project  last week released data showing more than 90,000 people have been  killed in Yemen since 2015. The list goes on.   Yemen has become a humanitarian catastrophe. Twelve thousand people  have died under the Saudi-led coalition. There are 85,000 children who  have died from starvation in Yemen, an incomprehensible moral tragedy.  Another 14 million people remain at risk, especially as cholera  resurges across the country.   This is the challenge we have. It is our bombs that are dropping on  those civilians. We cannot morally continue to support such a sale.   Secondly, Saudi Arabia, which continues to do this with impunity,  also with impunity went ahead and dismembered Jamal Khashoggi, a  journalist who was a resident here in the United States. The gruesome  report of the U.N. Special Rapporteur on this issue is chilling. If the  Senate wants to make it very clear that even if you are an ally, you  cannot kill with impunity, this is the moment.   It is also the moment to tell the UAE that you can't take our weapons  and give it to others whom we consider people on the terrorist list.  That is going on here too.  [[Page S4141]]    I urge my colleagues to stand up for the Constitution, stand up for  article I in our rights here, stand up for the Senate's institutional  role to ultimately ensure that it has a say on arms sales, stand up for  the proposition that we will not let any ally, simply because they are  an ally, kill a journalist with impunity--something we cherish under  our Constitution and the Bill of Rights and the freedom of expression  under the First Amendment--and stand up for the proposition that we  will not let our bombs fall on innocent civilians and have the moral  responsibility, which will be a blemish on our history for years to  come.   This is the moment for the Senate to stand up to its institutional  prerogatives. This is the moment for the Senate to stand up for the  Constitution. I have heard so many of my colleagues speak of the  Constitution. This is the moment. This is the moment to stand up for  some moral clarity.   This is the moment to send a global message: You cannot kill  journalists with impunity. That is the message we must send to Saudi  Arabia.   Vote yes on the resolutions of disapproval. Stand up for these  propositions. Let's have a moment in which the Senate can be a profile  in courage.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   