 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to be on the  floor today to speak about something of significance, certainly to  Kansas but to the country.   We await House action on USMCA--the trade agreement between Canada,  the United States and Mexico. It is a trade agreement that is  attempting to replace NAFTA and an agreement that is of significance,  as I say, to the folks back home in my State.   For the last 2 years, I have engaged in a campaign to try to elevate  the importance and to make sure my colleagues, the administration, and  people here in Congress understand how important exports and trade are  to the United States' economy.   In Kansas, we are an export State. What we produce, what we  manufacture, and what we grow in the fields of our State in many, many  instances end up someplace else outside the United States.   I have spoken on the Senate floor before. I have met with the  President. I have talked to his Cabinet officials. I wrote an open  letter to U.S. agricultural groups, encouraging them to fully engage in  support for USMCA approval. I have had speaking engagements in places  across the country, trying to rally farmers and ranchers and  manufacturers and others to fight to preserve our trading relationship  with Canada and Mexico.   On Saturday, at home in Kansas, I was with the Kansas Farm Bureau at  a townhall. It kicked off their 101st annual meeting to discuss issues  facing Kansas agriculture. The topic of trade and its importance to the  products that we grow was the most important and most discussed topic  at that townhall meeting.   USMCA was signed over a year ago. It is time for the House to pass  this important agreement, and, in order for the House to pass it, the  Speaker needs to bring it up for a vote.   Canada and Mexico are Kansas's No. 1 and No. 2 export markets. They  account for over one-third of exports from our State. Since 2013,  unfortunately, farm income at home has fallen by 50 percent. So net  farm income in Kansas is down half in the last 6 years.   Many producers are struggling. They have struggled to hang on to  their operations, and when farmers aren't doing well, it means that the  communities they live in and support aren't doing well. The question is  often this: What business will we lose when farmers are not having  financial success? What young men and women who grew up on a farm or  grew up in that small town will, perhaps, even reluctantly,  [[Page S6796]]  find a job someplace else because the economy is not helpful to them as  they start their careers?   USMCA will continue to provide duty-free market access to farm  commodities, while also expanding trade opportunities for dairy  producers and leveling the playing field for the wheat we export to  Canada.   USMCA is important to manufacturers as well. USMCA will protect the  integrated North American supply chain that is critical to  manufacturers in our State.   Wichita is known as the air capital of the world due to aerospace and  aviation manufacturing. Kansas is also home to automobile, farm  equipment, and other manufacturers.   Twenty-five percent of Kansas manufacturers--mostly, small to medium- size businesses--export to Canada and Mexico.   Nearly 25 years after its enactment, NAFTA was due to be modernized  and to reflect changes in today's economy. USMCA will strengthen the  rules on intellectual property rights and address digital trade issues.  This modernized agreement will serve as a template for future trade  negotiations, putting the United States in the driver's seat for  setting global trade rules and norms.   Kansas, as I said, is an export State. If we are not exporting, the  ability to earn a living, to save a family farm, and to keep our small  manufacturers across the communities that dot our State disappears. The  ability to earn a living in Kansas depends upon selling food and  manufactured goods around the world.   We must continue the fight for more trade, not less. Again, I ask the  House of Representatives to quickly consider and please do not let this  calendar year come to an end without the NAFTA replacement in place.   