 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the nomination of  Paul Matey, who has been nominated by President Trump to a New Jersey  seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.   The Constitution actually charges this body with a sacred obligation.  This body is charged by our Founders and by our Constitution with  providing advice and consent on the individuals the President nominates  to serve on the Federal courts.   Over the last century, the United States has developed a process for  carrying out that duty of evaluation, evaluating those nominees, but  just a couple weeks ago, the body broke a century-old precedent. Until  then, the Senate had never ever confirmed a judicial nominee over the  objections of both home State Senators. I looked into this through the  Congressional Research Service, and they didn't find a single example  where that has ever happened.   During the last century before the Trump administration, you could  count on one hand the number of times the Senate had confirmed a  judicial nominee when even one home State Senator had objected. That  happened four times during the 1980s and once during the 1930s. That is  it. But with the nominees now coming to the Senate floor, to this body,  it is breaking a longstanding, bipartisan tradition and has jettisoned  that rule and that idea. This has already happened--ignoring the  objections of one home State Senator--five times.   Now that is happening in a doubling-down capacity. The Senate  confirmed Eric Miller to the Ninth Circuit a couple weeks ago, and he  was opposed by both of his home State Senators, my friends Patty Murray  and Maria Cantwell. This was the first time in a century that this body  has disregarded the objections of both duly-elected Senators, who know  their States, who know their communities. It was a breakdown of this  longstanding, bipartisan tradition, this idea that this body is  different from the majoritarian body in the House; that in this body,  we believe home State Senators should have a say on the nomination of  judges. Not that they are in line ideologically--clearly, when you have  a Republican President, you are going to see Republican-appointed  judges. But this breakdown has now undermined this tradition that in  the Senate, we find a way to come together and work together on this  sacred duty of putting people into that third branch of government.   What worries me now is this week, the Senate is on the brink of doing  it again. Senate Republicans are moving to confirm an individual to the  Third Circuit over the objections of both home state Senators--in this  case, both home State Senators from New Jersey, Senator Menendez and  me. So this moment is personal to me, but more importantly, I want to  sound the alarm yet again and not just sit as a bystander to history  and let this Senate tradition be eviscerated.   When I first got to the Senate, I made it known that I really wanted  to be a member of the Judiciary Committee. It took me years to get on  that committee. I am so proud to be on a committee that has an  incredible record of doing bipartisan work, whether it was the bill we  passed out of committee to protect Robert Mueller or just last Congress  when we worked together across the aisle to do comprehensive criminal  justice reform.   I know the history of that committee. I have been watching it since I  was much younger and had a lot more hair. I knew that this committee-- as Senator Durbin so eloquently described last week in our markup  committee--this is a committee whose  [[Page S1774]]  Members have worked together to confront many great challenges. But now  we find ourselves in a perilous position where important guardrails  that were put in place to properly vet judicial nominees are being  thrown by the wayside.   The latest development in the Senate is disregarding the blue-slip  tradition, which over the last century has enabled home State Senators  to have a meaningful role in the nomination process.   In late January of this year, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a  markup meeting for 44 judicial nominees. Folks around here were  literally calling it the monster markup. At that meeting, I told  Chairman Graham, just as I had told Chairman Grassley last year, that  the White House had not meaningfully consulted with me or Senator  Menendez ahead of that markup. In fact, I pointed out, the White House  had not offered to even arrange a meeting between Mr. Matey and me or  Senator Menendez. We didn't get an offer of a meeting before the  nomination. We didn't get an offer of a meeting before the confirmation  hearing. We didn't get an offer of a meeting before the markup.   Chairman Graham said he would make sure that Mr. Matey and I would be  able to meet before the full Senate voted on his nomination, and we  did. I really appreciate that and Senator Graham being a man of his  word. But when I met with Mr. Matey last week, our conversation was  refreshingly honest because we both knew it was just a courtesy. We  knew this process was completely backward. Two home State Senators had  just been rendered completely irrelevant in the selection of a circuit  court judge from their State.   I ask any of my colleagues to imagine this: that a person to the  circuit court from their community--and Mr. Matey is from my city--that  you don't even have a chance to meet with them, have a discussion, ask  them questions. If it weren't for my presence on the Judiciary  Committee, where I got 5 minutes to question him, this person would  have sailed through without any consultation with two home State  Senators. I ask my colleagues how they would feel if this happened to  them.   This breaking of a century-old precedent has made it clear that we  are going to keep on breaking it. This is something that is now going  to become a part of this body. Are we all really comfortable with the  implications of that?   The Republicans on the Judiciary Committee just voted out two Second  Circuit nominees over the objections of their home State Senators-- again, historically unprecedented--and three more nominees to the Ninth  Circuit with the very same problem are about to come before this  committee.   Senate Republicans seem to be intent on dismantling the century-old  process for the vetting of judicial nominees. This is being done  methodically--taking it apart piece by piece, whatever it takes to push  through these nominees.   The pendulum does swing in this place. I was told by Senators whom I  respect--I still remember coming here and sitting down with some of the  statesmen in this area on both sides of the aisle. I still remember  conversations with Senator Harkin, who is no longer here, and Senator  McCain telling me to respect the traditions of this body, to understand  that this body, as our predecessors said, should be the cooling of the  partisan rage or passions of the time; that we should preserve those  parts of this institution that create comity, that force us to come  together. But the wound that is being created right now goes to the  ability of any Senator in this body to truly represent their State.   Look, the pendulum is going to swing. Eventually, there is going to  be a Democratic President. This body will shift again. Every single  Senator, should they stay in this body, is probably going to see the  time when, because of what we are doing today, they will have no say  whatsoever when it comes to their constitutional duty of advice and  consent.   My message to my colleagues is this: The feeling I had last week when  I met with Mr. Matey is a feeling that everyone in this Chamber is  going to have at some point if we do not stop this now. If we continue  down this path, you will find yourself rendered irrelevant in the  selection of judicial nominees from your State. You were duly elected  by the people of your State, and there won't be a thing you can do to  stand up for their interests in this process.   This will be a sad chapter if we allow it to be written into our  history. It doesn't have to be this way. We could go back in this  process. We could say: You know what, this guy is qualified. Why don't  we go back and have the process done the right way--have the White  House sit down with their home State Senators and see if they can work  out a deal, as it was done before, to make sure we have a role in the  process the Founders designed.   The guardrails we have established in this body have an important  purpose: to enable the Judiciary Committee and Senators to properly vet  judicial nominees, to ensure that those nominees are not just qualified  to serve but that they are more in the mainstream, not ideologues, and  to ensure that they have a good judicial temperament.   We cannot walk away from the longstanding Senate practice of respect  for the views of home State Senators about the judges who will serve in  their State. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this nomination because  of the trashing of the processes that have been a time-honored way of  doing things in the Senate. But let me be clear. This is about more  than just the dismantling of the Senate procedures. As a Senator, I do  have a perspective on the nature of some of the nominees who are being  put forward to serve on our courts, and I want to take a moment to  speak to that.   The Constitution charges this body with vetting the President's  judicial nominees for good reason. It is our duty as Senators to  provide a check and balance on those nominations to ensure that people  who serve as Federal judges can be fair and impartial. It is our duty  to help protect the independence of the judiciary. But over and over,  we are seeing that President Trump is selecting nominees precisely  because they will bring an ideological agenda to the bench.   This will be seen as we soon consider the nomination of Neomi Rao to  the DC Circuit Court. Ms. Rao is a prime example of how the  administration is working to politicize our Federal courts to achieve  far-right policy objectives that do not sit in the mainstream of  America. The examples of this are not just rhetoric; the examples of  this are clear.   The DC Circuit Court often gets the last word on legal challenges to  important regulatory protections. Who is the person the President has  chosen to sit on this court? Ms. Rao has dedicated much of her career  as a law professor and as a Trump administration regulatory czar to  tearing away critical protections for American citizens.   During her time in the Trump administration, Ms. Rao has overseen  efforts to roll back an array of Federal protections, from fair housing  to clean air and water, from women's rights to LGBTQ rights, from food  safety to workers' rights, to so many areas that impact Americans of  all backgrounds and all aspects of American life. She has also  criticized landmark decisions by the Supreme Court. Other Trump  nominees have not gone as far as she has. She literally criticized  Brown v. Board of Education, Lawrence v. Texas, and Roe v. Wade.    Worse still, Ms. Rao has been unwilling to make the firm commitment  to recuse herself from legal challenges to regulations that her office  reviewed while she was a Trump administration regulatory czar. This is  fundamental to the independence of our judiciary.   If you compare her position to others within the Trump  administration, you will see that other judicial nominees, including  President Trump's prior nominee to the DC Circuit, have pledged to  recuse themselves from matters they worked on in the executive branch,  but Ms. Rao is refusing to do the same.   Given her long track record of opposing critical Federal protections,  the serious concerns about independence and recusal, Ms. Rao is the  wrong person to sit on the DC Circuit Court, and I urge my colleagues  to vote no on the nomination as well.   Most importantly, I urge my colleagues--all of my colleagues,  Democrats and Republicans--who do not want to be rendered irrelevant in  the selection of judges from their States to  [[Page S1775]]  stop--stop--this evisceration of a longstanding blue-slip tradition in  the Senate.   I thank you for the time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   