 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the United States- Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA).   Throughout my entire career, I have heard the promises of free trade  agreements, yet have seen the subsequent challenges faced by  steelworkers and the American manufacturing industry.   Specifically, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) was  rationalized on the promise of creating good-paying American jobs.  Instead, this agreement contributed to the loss of over 700,000  American jobs through outsourcing and suppressed American wages. NAFTA  has also led to the degradation of our environment through the lack of  strong environmental protections and the consequent increase of  greenhouse gas emissions in North America.   While I recognize that the USMCA appears to be an improvement over  NAFTA, I remain deeply skeptical that it does enough.   For example, the USMCA includes a provision for enforcing labor  standards. However, there is a lack of clarity on timelines for certain  steps throughout the investigation process, which could delay enforcing  penalties on violators of the agreement. I also remain leery that our  trading partners have not demonstrated the commitment, fortitude, or  track record to faithfully execute the labor protections detailed in  this agreement.   Additionally, the USMCA includes a provision to require 40 to 45  percent of the vehicles made in the United States, Mexico, and Canada  to be made by workers who earn--on average--at least $16 per hour.  However, the calculation requirements for the average wage allows for  the inclusion of wages related to research, development, and  information technology employees, which could cause the continued  suppression of wages for American manufacturing employees.   Further, in regard to environmental protections, the USMCA includes a  provision that recognizes pollution as a threat to public health.  However, it does not create binding standards and omits essential  limits on air, water, and land pollution, which could create more  challenges for future generations.   Finally, I would emphasize that advancing the USMCA to the full House  for a vote within a week of receiving the text circumvents Congress'  responsibility to the American people to thoroughly examine this  agreement, which will have profound implications for our workers, our  economy, and our environment. I am especially disappointed that this  process has not afforded all Members of Congress a real opportunity to  debate, amend, or improve this text before final passage.   If we have learned anything from the negative impacts of NAFTA and  other free trade agreements, let it be that all Americans and all  American workers deserve thoughtful, secure, and truly enforceable  trade agreements.   