 Mr. President, I come to the floor to express my  opposition to the nomination of Andrew Bremberg to be Representative of  the United States to the Office of the United Nations in Geneva. He is  not qualified for this position, and his views on women's rights and  access to reproductive healthcare conflict with longstanding positions  of the U.S. Government and more than three-quarters of the American  public.   I take my position as ranking member for the Foreign Relations  Committee seriously. I have a duty to thoroughly vet all nominees who  come before the committee whether they be political nominees like Mr.  Bremberg or career civil servants.   The criteria I use to determine their fitness to represent our  country abroad include their foreign policy experience, their core  values, and whether they will be responsive and honest with Congress as  we conduct our oversight. I am disappointed to say that Mr. Bremberg  fails even these basic criteria. He has no relevant foreign policy  experience.   I repeat, the nominee to represent the United States at Geneva has no  foreign policy experience. Mr. Bremberg has served as Assistant to the  President and Senior Advisor for Domestic Policy at the White House and  as a political appointee to the Department of Health and Human Services  in the Bush administration.   When it comes to Mr. Bremberg's core values, his nomination hearing  left me deeply troubled. Our voice at Geneva must stand up for the core  principle that reproductive rights are human rights; yet Mr. Bremberg  made clear that he opposes access to reproductive health services for  women and girls who are victims of sexual violence in conflict in the  world. This radical view of women's rights and access to reproductive  healthcare is totally outside the mainstream, not just for the  Democratic Party but the Republican Party and the American people at  large. That is why 40 reproductive health groups wrote a joint letter  opposing Mr. Bremberg's nomination.   Moreover, in his positions at the White House, Mr. Bremberg led and  advanced divisive and incendiary policy proposals, such as the infamous  Muslim ban Executive order and the addition of a citizenship question  on the census.   When questioned on these subjects, Mr. Bremberg frequently cited  confidentiality interests and declined to elaborate further. When  pressed by Senators on whether he was exerting any form of privilege or  executive privilege, he insisted he was not; yet he continued to refuse  to answer questions. Clearly, we cannot rely on this nominee to be  honest and forthright with this body.   Beyond Mr. Bremberg's lack of experience, his extreme far-right  views, and his lack of respect for Congress, there is the issue of his  erroneous declarations on government documents. Indeed, his nomination  was significantly delayed because my staff discovered Mr. Bremberg's  claim that he had terminated from his political consulting company--of  which Trump for America was a client--when the truth is he did not. In  fact, Mr. Bremberg did not terminate his political consulting firm  until forced to as part of the Foreign Relations Committee's vetting  process.   Once again, the Trump administration has displayed a basic inability  to conduct even the most cursory vetting to ensure that a nominee is  qualified and fit to hold office, free from potential financial or  ethical conflicts of interest.   We have nominees with restraining orders, nominees who have failed to  mention sexual harassment lawsuits, and nominees whose virulent, troll- like approach to social media should disqualify them from holding any  office, much less a Senate-confirmed representative of the American  people.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration has decided to advance  unqualified and unfit nominees even as it withdraws a number of  qualified civil servant nominees from consideration.   The failure of the political leadership at the State Department to  stand up and defend qualified, veteran Ambassadors when they come under  fire from the White House is nothing short of cowardice.   It was reported last week that Fiona Hill, the former White House  foreign policy adviser, concluded that one Trump administration  Ambassador was so unprepared for his job that he actually posed a  national security risk. Mr. Bremberg is cut from the same mold.   If his performance before the Foreign Relations Committee  demonstrated anything, it is that his views are completely outside  those of mainstream America. He is unprepared to represent our Nation  on the world stage, and he has little to no respect for the Senate and  the role of Congress as a coequal branch of government. Surely, we can  do better than this. The American people certainly deserve better than  this.   I urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination and to demand that this  administration nominate an ambassador to the United Nations  organization in Geneva who is worthy of representing our country on the  world stage.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   