 Madam Speaker, I have a great deal of sympathy for the  people we are trying to help in H.R. 397, and that is one of the  reasons why I feel we need a real solution to this.   Obviously, the pension plans are in such horrible shape that to  continue with the current system and to continue with this bill would  be a very expensive bailout for the taxpayer.   Unlike some of my colleagues, I realize that the taxpayer will  ultimately have to put something in thes plans. And the reason I say  that is the multiemployer pension plan system was set up by Congress in  the 1950s, and my guess is, the way it was set up, it is not surprising  that it will fail. While the Congressmen who are at fault for this have  long since retired and left us, we as a successor Congress, are  supposed to do something.    However, first of all, I don't think this is a sincere proposal. If  it was a sincere proposal, it would have been passed when President  Obama was President, and when the Democratic Party was in total control  around here, about 10 years ago.   We are going to have to, as part of this plan, change things in the  future so we don't begin to run up more debt immediately. We are  probably going to have to have the taxpayer do something to make up for  the damage that has been done in the past, but to pass this bill will  only delay that, in that it is really, quite frankly, just a political  move.   I strongly recommend that we get together, put together a new  committee of four or eight people, and begin to do something. We know  something has got to be done eventually, because not only do we have  these workers hanging out there, but the way this multiemployer pension  plan is set up, a lot of businesses are going to go under too unless  something is done.   But I am saddened today that the bill before us, I don't believe is a  bill that, for all their talking, people really believe is a serious  solution. Because if it was a serious solution, they would have passed  that bill 10 years ago.   