 Mr. President, I take this time to support what Senator  Van Hollen has said. I am here with Senators Warner and Kaine. We have  the honor of representing Maryland and Virginia in the Senate, where  there are so many Federal workers.   I want to underscore one point Senator Van Hollen made about the two  bills that are on our calendar that passed the House. These are not  Democratic bills; these are bipartisan bills. These are bills that  passed this body just a few weeks ago by unanimous votes to keep  government open as we continue to negotiate on border security. They  deal with appropriations bills that passed our Appropriations  Committees--in one case unanimously, and in one case, all but one  Senator voted for it. So these are bipartisan bills that have been sent  over to us from the House that have already cleared this body once. Now  we can pass them, keep government open for most of the agencies, and in  the case of Homeland Security, a continuing resolution.   This shutdown caused by President Trump is a disaster. It is hurting  people. In this morning's Sun paper, there was an article about an  important economic development project in Baltimore City on the east  side that cannot move forward because HUD can't process the paperwork  so it can go forward. We are getting hurt every day.   Senator Van Hollen mentioned the 800,000 Federal workers. About half  are being asked to show up and work every day without a paycheck. The  others are being locked out and are being furloughed without pay.  People are getting hurt.   The taxpayers of this country expect to be able to get government  services from their agencies, and they can't get those services. They  are being hurt.   Contractors are being hurt, small businesses are being hurt, and our  economy is being hurt.   It makes no sense whatsoever. The first order of business should be  to take up these two bills. Let's put aside what is currently pending.  Let's bring up these two bills. We can return to that calendar  immediately thereafter. We can do that, but let's make sure we get  these bills passed so we can open government now. The Senate should not  be complicitous in the shutdown that President Trump has caused. Let's  act in good faith. Let's open up government. Let's negotiate border  security. If we can't get that done quickly, we could at least have a  continuing resolution and continue our debate on border security, but  don't hold the American people hostage. That is exactly what the  President of the United States is trying to do.   Mr. President, I yield the floor to Senator Warner.   