 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona for  yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, the Violence Against Women Act we are voting on this  week is nearly unrecognizable from the legislation originally passed in  1994. Unfortunately, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have  chosen to politicize and expand the legislation far beyond the original  scope by adding controversial provisions that undermine the  constitutional rights of Americans.   In the name of protecting women, Democrats are exploiting this bill  as an opportunity to assault the Second Amendment rights of American  citizens. It is despicable that anyone would seize on this as such an  opportunity to weaponize a measure that was intended to protect  victims.   This body is not meant to fulfill campaign promises that have nothing  to do with the legislation allegedly before us. And let's make no  mistake, that is what the purpose of this legislation is today. It is  being structured intentionally. They are structuring it intentionally  to be able to run campaign ads in districts back home, because you have  got a piece of legislation that is titled the Violence Against Women  Act. So let's just bury stuff in a bill that sounds good to the  American people, but which then attacks our fundamental God-given  rights reflected in the Bill of Rights.   Now, the gentlewoman from Texas who just spoke, my friend from Texas,  just spoke about fiddling while Rome burns. Well, let's talk about the  fiddling that is going on on our southern border while women and girls  are traveling miles up to our southern border being abused by cartels.   When Amnesty International and when organizations that are  nonpartisan are talking about a third of these women being abused, my  friends on the other side of the aisle bury their head in the sand and  don't seem to care.   When we are talking about violence against women, let's talk about  the violence against women that is happening today, right now, just  across the border in Reynosa. Just across the border in Mexico, some  little girl and some woman is going to be raped and abused, while we  sit and vote on legislation that is designed to be a political tool by  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle against the GOP for  political purposes.   I think we should not be fiddling while Rome is burning and while  women are being abused on our southern border.   