 Mr. President, I thank Senator Graham  for yielding to me. Without any question, I think Senator Graham did  such a great job of distilling the life and some of the accomplishments  of Senator Hollings. Without any question, I cannot imagine Mr. Graham  spending 36 years or so as a junior Senator from the great State of  South Carolina because of the long tenure of the senior Senator, Strom  Thurmond, whose seat you have. I have the privilege of being in the  seat of Senator Hollings, who, of course, is from Charleston, as I am  from Charleston. I think of the commonalities we all share as South  Carolinians, and certainly ones who are not--all of us from South  Carolina understand how hard it is to understand those folks who speak  in the old Charleston brogue, the language of Senator Hollings and  folks like our cousin, Arthur Ravenel, who shares the same inflection  in his voice. Senator Graham brought back some very fond memories with  his thoughts.   To the family, the Hollings family, we certainly extend our  condolences. I had the chance to speak with Michael, his son, just the  other day, and the family is doing well. The family is encouraged by  the outpouring of love and support from so many folks from the Senate  and throughout the country because Senator Hollings was not only a  South Carolina Senator, he was America's Senator. He spent a lot of  time doing a lot of things that made a significant difference.   I do want to put a little meat on the bones. As Senator Graham has  covered so much of what I would have said, I will not say it twice. I  will, perhaps, drill into a few of the times of service Senator  Hollings had.   As we think through the 1960s and as we read through the 1960s, we  read through a time of volatility, a time where our Nation is clashing  with one another, where the races were so divided. In the Deep South,  we perhaps led in that direction of conflict. We have a provocative  history on race in South Carolina. Without any question, Senator  Hollings did what so many others did not do, which is, he led for a  peaceful integration of what is today one of America's great public  universities, Clemson University. I say that as a South Carolina fan,  without any question, but it is no doubt that Harvey Gantt, being the  first African American in Clemson to graduate from Clemson, was a  monumental shift in southern education, one we can all celebrate today.   I went to church with Harvey Gantt's family for 20-plus years at  Morris Street Baptist Church in Charleston, SC, and I will say that,  perhaps as a part of the springboard of controversy and challenge and  conflict, it led to a level of greatness in Harvey Gantt's life as he  took arrows that most of us are unfamiliar with. Senator Hollings-- then-Governor Hollings--took arrows that some would be unfamiliar with  in making the decision to ask for and to encourage and support a  peaceful transition in a State at the time broiled in controversy.  Harvey Gantt went on, of course, to be the first African-American mayor  of the city of Charlotte, NC.   In thinking about Senator Graham's comments as it relates to the  technical college system in South Carolina, how Senator Hollings  birthed that for our State, that may sound like a good accomplishment,  but for a State that faced extinction from an economic standpoint, when  industries were leaving our State, the technical college system became  the springboard, once again, for the great city of South Carolina to  see a rebirth of our economic systems. What we have today is a  manufacturing haven whose foundation is the technical college system.  When we think about companies like BMW, Boeing, Volvo, Mercedes, Bosch,  Michelin, Bridgestone, all these companies became a part of the  corporate family in South Carolina because we had a healthy, thriving  technical college system born because of the leadership of Senator  Hollings.   Senator Hollings not only succeeded in public life, but he also  succeeded in his private life. I will tell you that I cannot imagine  the reunion between Senator Hollings and his wife, Peatsy, of over 40  years. I can't imagine the celebration that is happening in Heaven as  those two are being reunited and spending time talking about what has  occurred over their lifetimes and the things they had to see.   There is an amazing Greek proverb that I want to end with, as it  relates to Senator Hollings, that says that a society grows when old  men plant trees whose shade they know they will never sit under.   Senator Graham and I, the youngsters, comparatively speaking to  Senator Hollings and Senator Thurmond--we are sitting under the shade  of that tree. Our Nation benefits from people who have the wisdom to  look forward, beyond their lifetime, and create a country where we all  benefit.   