 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and  colleague from Oklahoma, and I thank my friend from Maryland who  reminds us that our President was constitutionally elected and that our  President was elected by the way our Constitution describes and  outlines, and we thank our President for the work he is doing.   Mr. Speaker, I cosponsored an amendment with Congressman Cole to  remove a dangerous poison pill in the appropriations bill that would  block the free exercise of rights for the American people. Congress has  long supported robust protections for rights of conscience. The right  to follow your conscience on deeply held religious and moral beliefs is  a foundational value of our country. In a free society like ours,  adherence to one's convictions should not be just tolerated but  encouraged. Our forefathers fought like hell to liberate our country  from a monarchy that mandated what to believe and how to behave.   How soon we have forgotten. It happens in small increments, with  small, minor changes here and there, but they grow larger and more  invasive. Someday you will find yourself back under the yoke, with an  oppressive government telling you what to believe and how to behave.   This conscience rule is absolutely necessary to preserve the freedom  of expression that we hold dear in our country. The rider in the Labor  HHS bill eliminating this rule is a poison pill and does not belong in  an appropriations package.   The Trump administration has vigorously supported the right for our  people to act on their religious and moral convictions. President  Trump's leadership on this issue has encouraged millions of Americans  who have seen these protections start to slip away in the past decade.   Who are we to force people to act against their convictions and  religious beliefs?   It is a slippery slope to despotism, but I think some of our  colleagues would have us go down that road in pursuit of some greater  good. I can assure you that forcing the American people to work against  their convictions and beliefs will lead us to nothing but destruction,  and I guarantee that this bill will never be signed into law if this  language remains.   This amendment must be made in order so that we can debate it and  remove the poison pill from the final bill. Otherwise, the time my  colleagues have spent on the Labor HHS bill is a giant waste of time  because it will never make it to the President's desk.   