 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in strong support of H.R. 829,  my legislation to honor the life and legacy of Army Specialist Thomas  J. Wilwerth by renaming, in his name, the post office in his hometown  of Mastic, New York.   Specialist Thomas Wilwerth always possessed a strong sense of duty to  his country, having participated in the Junior ROTC program at William  Floyd High School, where I once graduated as well. But it was in our  Nation's darkest hour that 17-year-old Specialist Wilwerth was driven  to enlist.   During his junior year of high school, Specialist Wilwerth bore  witness to the unimaginable horror of September 11, with Ground Zero  just under 100 miles from his high school. Instead of cowering in the  face of terror, he shipped off to basic training that summer and  actually finished high school while serving in the Army Reserve.   As a member of 1st Battalion, 8th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade  Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division based out of Fort Carson, Colorado,  Wilwerth was deployed to Iraq in 2005 as part of Operation Iraqi  Freedom.   It was only 3 months into his deployment on February 22, 2006, that  21-year-old Specialist Wilwerth and two of his fellow soldiers were  killed in action when an explosive device detonated near has Bradley  Fighting Vehicle while on a routine morning patrol near Balad, Iraq.   Mr. Speaker, I wish there were more people who possessed such a  strong sense of patriotism. Even fewer answer the call at just the age  of 17 and sacrifice their entire lives and their entire future to serve  in the U.S. military.   Specialist Wilwerth was the best of who we are. He is the embodiment  of what makes this country the greatest in the world: the willingness  to make the ultimate sacrifice serving this most exceptional Nation,  and the willingness to lay down one's life for his neighbors, for his  community, but most courageously, for those Americans he never knew.   Before serving in Congress, I was in the New York Senate, and I  introduced a bill that also became law, the Specialist Thomas J.  Wilwerth Military Dignity Act, to ban protests at military burials in  my home State.   It is my greatest honor to stand here on the House floor today to  speak about this new legislation in honor of Thomas.   Specialist Wilwerth is survived by his loving parents, Elaine and  Terry Wilwerth, and his sister, Kerry. There are no words to describe  the emptiness this loss left in their hearts and in the heart of our  entire community.    Before I close, I would like to read a few words from the Wilwerth  family that really drive home why this straightforward legislation will  have such a profound impact.   The Wilwerth family said: ``Tommy died so that his fellow Americans  could live a better life. His deep-rooted sense of patriotism drove him  to enlist in the aftermath of September 11, and he would have been so  proud of his sacrifice on behalf of our entire Nation.   ``To have his name and legacy displayed in the heart of the community  he loved--the community he laid his life down for--will never bring him  home, but it will ensure his memory and sacrifice live on in the hearts  of those who call Long Island home.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  thank both Members who have spoken in its favor today.   