 Madam Speaker, as a combat veteran and as a Green Beret,  this is personal for me. I know firsthand the seriousness of the call  to serve our country, and I know that when soldiers take their place on  the battlefield, they are prepared to defend America and lose their  lives for our freedom.   The families of our servicemembers wait for their loved one's safe  return nervously and anxiously await hearing their voice and feeling  the comfort of their warm embrace once more. Unfortunately, for some,  the knock on their door instead initiates them into a fraternity no  family wants to join. That knock changes them forever and makes them  part of the Gold Star family.   When our servicemembers pass, many of their spouses put their  benefits in their children's name. As if the loss of a mother or a  father isn't and wasn't painful enough, some of our Gold Star  children's pain is worsened by an unintended oversight in our Tax Code  which forces them to pay thousands in additional taxes on survivor  benefits and raises their tax liability from 12 percent to nearly 40  percent.   This is not just a financial issue; it is a strategic issue for our  Volunteer military. It affects recruitment and retention. Some people  may not want to volunteer with the possibility of a large financial  burden on their loved one if the worst happens.    The bottom line is, if our family support starts cracking, the entire  foundation of our modern military is in trouble. We have an opportunity  today to right this wrong and to fix this with the Gold Star Family Tax  Relief Act, which is being included in the SECURE Act that is up for  today's vote.  [[Page H4143]]    I would thank Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady for quickly  recognizing this issue and for including this measure in the final  bill.   Today, I call upon my colleagues in the House to make this right. I  hope that Members will join me in supporting the passage of this  legislation to show our country's appreciation to the Gold Star  families for laying so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.   