 Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.   Today I rise in strong support of the fiscal year 2020 NDAA, and I  would like to thank Chairman Smith for his work on this important  legislation.   I am particularly pleased with the provisions in the bill that were  reported out of the Intelligence and Emerging Threats and Capabilities  Subcommittee, which I chair.   Mr. Chair, I want to also begin by thanking my subcommittee ranking  member, Ms. Stefanik, for her contributions to this bill and her  bipartisan partnership throughout the process.   Befitting our focus on emerging capabilities, this bill provides for  additional investments in cybersecurity as well as 5G technology, and  additive manufacturing, and supports education programs to grow the  STEM workforce.   Recognizing the challenges of foreign intelligence services targeting  academic institutions, the bill establishes a public-private  partnership at the National Academies to address counterintelligence  concerns, while maintaining an open and collaborative research  environment.   Provisions are included also to synchronize efforts and leverage best  practices across the Department relating to network, industrial base,  military installation, and weapon system cybersecurity. We strengthen  oversight of military operations in cyber operations to ensure the  administration's more assertive posture continues to promote stability  in cyberspace.  [[Page H5344]]    Several provisions in the bill also reflect my priority that Special  Operations Forces remain a professional, agile, and ready force  postured for high-end missions. In recognition, though, of the tragic  three-fold increase of SOF suicides in 2018, the bill increases funding  for suicide prevention. This bill also maintains a focus on  professionalism and ethics of the force.   The NDAA places significant emphasis on ensuring the Defense  Intelligence Enterprise also is oriented to provide maximum support to  Department requirements.   The bill also requires more rigorous reporting on the progress of the  Joint Artificial Intelligence Center and the technical achievements of  Project Maven.   Further, this legislation includes critical investments in our  submarine fleet. I hail from the great State of Rhode Island, and we  are deeply proud of our Nation's submarines, all of which start their  journey being built at Quonset Point in my district. Thanks to the  leadership of Congressman   Joe Courtney from Connecticut, this NDAA  recognizes the unique contributions of our undersea vessels, and for  the first time includes a third Virginia-class submarine.   It also makes sustained investments in game-changing technologies,  like electromagnetic railgun and directed energy weapon systems,  positioning our warfighters to continue to dominate the battlefield for  decades to come.   Finally, the fiscal year 2020 NDAA makes measured investments that  reflect both our many national security challenges and the fiscal  realities that we face. It reflects the hard choices that our  constituents demand on us when spending their tax dollars and it  enhances congressional oversight to ensure those dollars are  used wisely.    Now, I have heard my colleagues across the aisle decry it as  underfunding the military. Well, I fundamentally disagree.   This is my 17th NDAA, and if this bill put our troops at risk, I  would be the first to say so and I would not support it. It does not.    Mr. Chair, our military is the finest in the world, but  there must be accountability and the Department must live within its  means.   Mr. Chair, I commend Chairman Smith for striking an appropriate  balance with this NDAA, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   