 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her leadership  because today's bill is about restoring effective law enforcement for  consumers and protecting them from predatory Wall Street practices.   Republicans want to shield Wall Street, granting it free rein to  plunder. Instead of draining the swamp, this lawless President has  drained the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau of its strength.  Public enforcement actions are down 75 percent. That is how they feel  about law enforcement.   The President is refusing to protect our active-duty military from  predatory lending; halting payments to consumers who have been wronged;  eliminating the office that is designed to prevent discrimination in  credit against Latinos, African Americans, and Asian Americans; and  eliminating the office dedicated to addressing student loan abuses.   Enough is enough. Instead of handcuffing those who do wrong, this  administration is handcuffing the agency designed to ensure law  enforcement.   And while this President profited himself from scams like Trump  University, it is time to restore important consumer protections: law  enforcement to protect students, active military, and the retirement  savings of our seniors.   In just five years, $12 billion was returned to over 30 million  American citizens. Wells Fargo would never have been penalized a penny  for its multimillion-dollar fraud without a cop on the beat.   Mr. Trump and Mr. Mulvaney have been about pulling that cop back so  that there is no protection for those this agency was designed to  serve. Let's approve this bill to protect Americans from financial  piranhas who would strip their savings to the bone.   Mr. Chair, I salute the leadership of the chairwoman of the Financial  Services Committee, for standing up for Americans who have been  abandoned by this administration. It is essential we do our work in  Congress to say it is consumers who come first, not those who would  prefer to take advantage of them.    Madam Chair, I rise only to commend the gentleman from  Texas for his important work on this arbitration issue.   There has been a very effective movement to quash the rights of  consumers. In the financial services area, people are told to deal with  it.   Our colleague Hank Johnson has the Forced Arbitration Injustice  Repeal Act as it relates to nursing homes and employment. Our colleague  Katherine Clark has a bill to repeal these arbitration restrictions  with reference to discrimination on the basis of sex and sexual  harassment in the workplace. Each of these is very important.   Arbitration is arbitrary. It does not fairly resolve disputes. It is  biased toward the financial institution, and toward the employer and  others in other cases. Arbitration is a model that does not work well  to solve most disputes of this type.   It has even been suggested, amazingly enough, to bring arbitration  into the drug price debate now. I don't believe arbitration is a way to  solve these problems, and it is certainly not a way to get us lower  drug prices   