 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   On Monday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning-hour debate and  2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed until 6:30 p.m.   On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.   Madam Speaker, we will consider several bills under suspension of the  rules, including H.R. 4634, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program  Reauthorization Act, a very significant and very bipartisan bill.   The complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the close  of business today.   In addition, Madam Speaker, the House will be considering a  continuing resolution through December 20 to keep the government open  and operating on behalf of the American people.   Madam Speaker, I am deeply disappointed by the Senate's failure to  complete their work on appropriations, forcing us to consider another  continuing resolution. This is evidence of failure, not of success. It  is absolutely essential that we pass the CR to keep our government  operating, but it is an indication that we have not gotten our business  done as we should.   I would remind House Members that we passed 96 percent of the funding  of government by June 26 this year, or approximately 3 months before  the end of the fiscal year, a little over 3 months.   By the end of the fiscal year, the United States Senate had passed  not a single appropriations bill. I am disappointed by that but  recognize that passing a CR is absolutely essential.   Rather than kick the can further down the road, however, we must use  that time between now and December 20 to work on an agreement on 302(b)  allocations, which will allow us to move appropriation bills done in  line with the bipartisan budget caps agreement.   Lastly, Madam Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 1309, the  Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and Social Service  Workers Act. This bipartisan bill directs the Occupational Safety and  Health Administration to issue a standard requiring healthcare and  social service employers to write and implement a workplace violence  prevention plan to prevent and protect employees from violent incidents  at work.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman talks about a bipartisan  agreement. He does not talk about the stark fact that the House did its  job. We passed bills. We passed 96 percent of the funding of the  government.   The Senate, led by Republicans, prior to the end of the fiscal year,  passed 0 percent. It is hard to come to an agreement when the Senate  doesn't pass anything. Nothing. Zero. Mainly because they needed the  President to say: Simon says.  [[Page H8903]]    I know that, for a fact--based upon conversations with the leadership  of the Senate, that the President signing off, and we know that the  Acting Chief of Staff, when he was here in this body, voted to shut the  government down and voted against opening up, and said we ought to have  a sequester for this fiscal year--that that was his position. It was  Mr. Vought's position as well, who is the acting director at OMB. A  mirror, Madam Speaker, in my opinion, of the Acting Chief of Staff.   So for the Republican whip to say, oh, gee whiz, we are wringing our  hands, and we passed partisan bills, of course we passed partisan bills  because the gentleman's side would not work with us on our bills. That  was the strategy, I would suggest, Madam Speaker, not simply a  difference of opinion.   As a matter of fact, on the defense spending that the gentleman  mentions, I know for a fact, because I talked to them on the Republican  side in both of the committees on appropriations and authorizing, the  733 figure that we used was an acceptable figure. A figure, by the way,  acceptable to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But it is very hard to reach  an agreement if one side doesn't say anything, doesn't send any bill,  doesn't take any action.   There was nothing to negotiate on. And the gentleman talks about a  bill. First of all, the only thing that was agreed to was how much  money we are going to spend overall on discretionary spending, about 30  percent--a little over 30 percent of the entire budget. But there was  no agreement on the distribution of those dollars to the various  committees.   Now, the gentleman says so much on defense side, so much on  nondefense side. The gentleman is correct. But, very frankly, what the  Senate Democrats are concerned about is that they will be passing  bills, and money will be cut from programs that we feel are very  important, to build a wall, a wall that somebody bought a $100 saw at  Home Depot and cut a hole in.   So I would reiterate my disappointment with the total failure of the  United States Senate, led by Republicans, to enact any bill that  appropriated money for the operations of government prior to the end of  this fiscal year.   So I say to my friend, there are people meeting. As the gentleman  knows, the Speaker and Mr. Mnuchin had an agreement. Now, what does  that reflect? Simon says. Because the Senate will not act as an  independent body, coequal branch of the Government of the United  States. Mr. McConnell has said as much. We won't pass anything unless  the President will sign it, as if we have no mind of our own; as if-- the Representatives of the American people who vote by majority and  pass something or by 60 votes in the Senate--only one vote counts, the  President of the United States.   And I say, I lament that fact, Madam Speaker. I tell the minority  whip that I regret, and I will tell him--and I hope he believes me,  because I believe it--if it were a Democratic President, I would be  prepared to vote for bills on this floor that I believe the American  people would support and that this body would support.   And if the President signs it. He signs it. If he doesn't, then we  see if we have two-thirds under our Constitution. And if we don't, the  bill does not become law. That is the way the system ought to work.  But, no, we are negotiating with Mr. Mnuchin, not with the Senate, not  with Mr. Leahy, not even, apparently, with Senator McConnell. We are  simply waiting for the President to tell the Senate: This allocation is  okay.   That is why, in my view, they didn't pass a single bill before the  end of the fiscal year. But I hope we pass the CR. I hope it is as  clean as it can be. There are anomalies that have to be taken care of,  and we will take care of those, things that have to be extended because  they are going to expire on the 21st of the month, this month.   So I hope we do that, and I hope we can join together in a bipartisan  way to do that. And then I join my friend, the minority whip, Madam  Speaker, and hope we can get to bipartisan agreement. There is nobody  in this body that served with me for any length of time that doesn't  know I work toward that end, and I will continue to work toward that  end.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I would advise all Members on both sides of the aisle  not to schedule any business outside of Washington, D.C., between the  16th and the 20th of next month. And I will advise them further if, in  fact, we do not fund the government by the 20th, they may well be here  longer than that. We will not leave here without funding the Government  of the United States of America.    Madam Speaker, it is December 20, not November 20.    Madam Speaker, I am advising all Members to ensure that  their schedules accommodate sessions between the 16th and the 20th of  December, which was originally, as the gentleman points out, not  scheduled. But that was on the thought that we would rationally get  past the only bills we really have to pass, and that is appropriation  bills.   By the way, Madam Speaker, the way that should work is we pass a  bill, the  [[Page H8904]]  Senate passes a bill, and, yes, they require 60 votes. Well, what does  that mean? It means they have to come to a compromise at a higher  number.   We didn't have to do that. We got some Republican votes for some of  the bills. But the fact is, we did our business and, frankly, we did it  before--it has been done since I have been here--96 percent of the  government funded, and we sent them to the Senate.   The Senate has not considered a single one of those bills because  they had no stomach for compromise, which was why we are negotiating  with Mr. Mnuchin and not the Senate leadership to listen to what,  apparently, the President will accept.   I agree with the minority whip that considering the administration's  views is important because, of course, we want the bills signed. But we  have known for a very long time that the Republicans could not--on this  floor--neither Speaker Ryan, nor Speaker Boehner could negotiate with  Mr. Mulvaney.   The minority whip knows that, Madam Speaker. As a matter of fact, a  lot of the Republicans have talked to me, Madam Speaker, about how  difficult Mulvaney is to deal with. But we waited for checkoff, either  from Chief of Staff Mulvaney or the President himself. But we waited.  Not we in the House, in the Senate.    So I tell my friend, the Senate was not prepared to bring their  bills, not our bills, to the floor to try to achieve that bipartisan  agreement of which the minority whip speaks. Not a single bill was  brought to the floor before the end of the fiscal year.   You are not going to get any kind of an agreement if you don't try to  move forward, if you just wait for what Mr. Mulvaney wants us to do.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I just  make one additional comment.   It is ironic that the minority whip, Madam Speaker, addresses such  great concern about funding the Armed Forces of the United States. We  passed a bill at a figure that the Joint Chiefs of Staff thought was a  figure that was acceptable and supportive of our national security, and  almost every Republican--maybe every one--   --voted against it.    Madam Speaker, I would say that is not accurate.   But having said that, we hope we can move forward. But to absolve the  United States Senate, led by Republicans, have a majority of  Republicans controlling the Senate Committee on Appropriations and  controlling what goes on the floor--Democrats don't control that; the  Republicans control it--they didn't bring a single appropriations bill  to the floor.   Now, if you don't like our ideas, put your ideas on the floor. Have  them voted up or down. If they lose, then you either have to get a  compromise or you don't get a bill passed.   I will leave it to the American public, Madam Speaker, to determine  who is being partisan on this issue and who is not.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday next, when it shall  convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative  business.   