 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her efforts in  organizing this Special Order this evening.   As we continue to fight for the safety and security of our fellow  Americans, I want to highlight safety and security because that is our  number one role in this country. Madam Speaker, I rise tonight with  many of my colleagues to address the significance of this crisis we are  facing on our southern border.   Just last week, President Trump addressed the Nation from the Oval  Office for the first time about the importance of border security and  mentioned the devastating story of Robert Page, who was violently  murdered by an illegal immigrant in my home State of Georgia. A 76- year-old grandfather's life was needlessly cut short at the hands of an  individual who was in our country illegally.   There are far too many families in our country who are coping with  tragic losses like this as a result of insufficient border security.  The bottom line is, whatever we are doing for border security, it is  not working. We must do more.   That is not to mention the illegal drugs that are coming into the  United States. As the President mentioned in his letter to Congress,  300 Americans are killed every week from heroin, and 90 percent of that  heroin comes across that southern border. This is a humanitarian and  national security crisis, and it must be addressed immediately, and it  must be done properly.   We are supposed to be a nation of laws. How can we stand by and let  lawlessness continue?   I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to keep the best  interests of the American citizens in mind as they continue to deny  funds for commonsense solutions to this growing crisis.   It is this body. It is the United States Congress that appropriates  funds. Then it is sent to the President. I say this: Congress,  appropriate the funds. Let's build a wall. Let's send the bill to the  President and reopen this government.   With an average of 60,000 illegals a month on our southern border,  our law enforcement professionals must have the additional resources to  successfully execute their jobs and keep the American people safe.    From the day President Trump announced his candidacy, he made it  clear that border security was a priority and his administration has  been built on promises made are promises kept. I can tell you that the  good folks in Georgia's 12th Congressional District want to secure our  border with a  [[Page H540]]  wall. We want to do it the right way. We must stand behind our  President. The security of our Nation depends on it.   