 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I rise to celebrate the 54th anniversary of  Head Start and the 25th anniversary of Early Head Start on May 18.   We know that in January of 1964, President Lyndon Baines Johnson  declared the War on Poverty in his State of the Union Address. Sargent  Shriver, who was the then-Director of the Office of Economic  Opportunity, assembled a panel of experts to develop a comprehensive  child development program to help communities meet the needs of  disadvantaged preschool children. It resulted in Project Head Start's  launching in the summer of 1965.   Over 50 years later, Head Start and Early Head Start have served  hundreds of thousands of children with high-quality, comprehensive  early learning and wraparound services. Just to give the Senate a  reminder of what Head Start is in terms of the ages, Head Start serves  children who are ages 3 to 5. Early Head Start serves children who are  up to the age of 3--so under the age of 3.   We know that these early learning experiences provide children with  the tools they need to develop and succeed in school. When children  learn more earlier in life, they earn more later in life. It is not  just a rhyme. All the evidence and research show that there is a direct  connection between early learning and later earning. A study of Head  Start children in Harrisburg, PA, found that they had higher scores in  the fifth grade than a control group on all academic and executive  functioning outcomes.   These benefits stay with children through adulthood. Research shows  Head Start children have a higher likelihood of graduating from high  school and receiving postsecondary degrees. These benefits even flow to  the next generation. The children of Head Start graduates are  significantly more likely to finish high school and enroll in college,  and they are significantly less likely to become teen parents or to be  involved in the criminal justice system.   One of the core tenets of Head Start that has made it so successful  is its responsiveness to local community needs. In Pennsylvania, for  example, as in many other States, the opioid epidemic has hit far too  many communities, and Head Start has responded to that crisis with  innovative programming.   For example, the SafeStart Program in Allentown, which is an Early  Head Start program, provides early intervention to assist the  development of infants and toddlers who have suffered abuse or neglect.  After having completed SafeStart--the new program in Allentown--68  percent of 3-year-olds were on age developmentally, and 100 percent of  the children showed significant improvement in their drug-impacted  symptoms, with 53 percent having shown resolution. Of the women who  became pregnant while their substance-impacted children were enrolled  in SafeStart, 88 percent gave birth to full-term, drug-free, and  healthy second children.   The whole family approach and integration with local community  partners  [[Page S2780]]  have created not just better outcomes for families but have resulted in  significant savings. Through this program, 91 percent of the children  achieved stable, permanent homes and caregivers, and it is estimated  that the SafeStart Program has resulted in nearly $1.5 million in  foster care savings and in over $9.5 million in child welfare  involvement by stabilizing 106 families. So we are grateful for those  results from the SafeStart Program in Allentown.   Head Start is a critical program for lifting families out of poverty,  obviously, and providing children with the early learning experiences  they need to start kindergarten and to be ready to learn.  Unfortunately, only about a third of eligible children still have  access to Head Start, and less than 10 percent--these are national  numbers--have access to Early Head Start. Again, Early Head Start  serves those who are up to 3 years old, and Head Start serves those who  are 3 to 5 years old. So funding for these programs is critical.   To give you an example of those numbers in Pennsylvania--and the  numbers are even a little lower--just 27 percent of eligible 3- to 5- year-olds have access to Head Start, and only 7 percent of eligible  children under 3 years old have access to Early Head Start. Even with a  lot of children being eligible but not being served, this is purely a  question of funding.   As we celebrate over 50 years of Head Start on May 18, we must work  to ensure these programs receive robust funding and continue to serve  low-income children and families across the Nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   