 Mr. Speaker, this bill is plain and simple. It is a  political stunt. And this is a sad offering 1 week into a new majority.   These bills are dead on arrival, as the ranking member, my friend   Tom Graves, said, when they arrive in the Senate. The Senate majority  leader has already said this. It is dead on arrival. Nor will it be  signed into law by the President, who has already said he would veto  it.   Furthermore, these bills have been stripped of House priorities that  were in this bill reported out of  Tom Graves' subcommittee last  Congress. And they are not going to accomplish our number one goal,  which is reopening the government and addressing the critical border  security needs of our country.   House Republicans did our job last year by sending this and several  other appropriations bills to the Senate that would have been signed  into law and ultimately avoided a shutdown if our friends across the  aisle had chosen substance over politics.   But this a greater point. What we should be focusing on, rather than  this shell bill that is a political stunt, is what is not in this bill.   Now, there are a couple things that we passed last Congress in a  bipartisan way that the incoming chair of the Financial Services  Committee and I, as ranking member on the Financial Services Committee,  both voted for.   We had the JOBS Act 3.0, which passed this House last Congress with  406 ``yes'' votes and 4 dissenting votes. Why is that not included in  this bill? It should be included in this bill. It is a high priority.   Why don't we see more bills helping those who are underbanked in this  country? Those who are living on the margins? Those who are on the  edge? Why can't we get them included? Why can't we have financial  inclusion as a part of this bill? It does not address them, nor does it  help people who live in rural communities who don't have a single bank  branch in their county.   So we have banking deserts in this country that separate people from  access to basic financial services products. We need to fix that  problem. The bill here before us doesn't address that issue either. Why  aren't we doing more to help small businesses find the capital that  they need?   Businesses are starved for additional risk capital so they can grow,  create jobs, help their community, raise wages. But instead of talking  about ways we can help people, this bill does none of that. It is a  political stunt. We should be focused on helping people and helping  those who are on the margins through financial inclusion.   Let's get back to the priorities that the American people sent us  here to take care of. Let's vote down this bill, and let's vote ``yes''  on something that can clear the Senate and get to the President's desk  and be signed into law.   I look forward to working with my colleagues across the aisle in a  constructive way in the coming months to do just that. But in the  meantime, this is just a second-week charade, not essential to what we  should be focused on here in the House of Representatives. We should be  less focused on political optics and more about the reality of how we  help everyday working Americans.   