 Mr. President, there is very little question today  that our democracy is under attack. The threat is not only from outside  our country but from within with the threat to our rule of law, our  basic values, and our democratic institutions.   From outside the country, that threat is reaffirmed by the Senate  Intelligence Committee, which recently released a bipartisan report  offering a sobering warning of fresh signs of interference by Russia  and other foreign actors in the upcoming election.   The fact is that the lights are flashing red. The warning has come to  us from multiple sources. Our intelligence community has warned us. The  FBI has warned us. Our national security professionals have warned us.  Still, the majority leader has refused to permit us a vote on  commonsense measures that will better guarantee election security.   We need to move forward on these measures that safeguard our  democracy from outside interference--cyber attack and social  disinformation. And, of course, I have sponsored some of these bills.  Many of them are bipartisan. We can move forward with that effort even  as we confront the challenge and the obligation, which we must do in  the ongoing impeachment proceedings.   What saddens and angers me is that in the midst of this crisis and  the threat from outside our Nation from Russia and other countries, our  Commander in Chief has essentially refused to believe that threat  exists. He has in fact and in effect denied that there is any threat.  That is what happened when the President used the power and authority  of the Oval Office to pressure a foreign leader, President Zelensky of  Ukraine, to investigate a political opponent, Joe Biden. This action is  not only a breach of his oath of office and his constitutional duty, it  is unpatriotic, immoral, criminal, and it is a  [[Page S5864]]  threat to our national security because, again, it invites  interference. In fact, it pressures interference in our democracy. It  validates and strengthens Vladimir Putin, not this Nation.   That is why the impeachment inquiry is being conducted by the House  and why it is so important. Impeachment is not a remedy we take lightly  or happily; it is a serious, last-resort remedy for the worst abuses of  power and an unchecked, rogue President who cannot be held accountable  in any other way. But the President has given us no choice. He may not  be upholding his oath of office, but we must uphold ours.   The most powerful proof here comes from the words of the President  himself in that July 25 conversation. There is no Member of this body  who is unfamiliar with those words inviting, soliciting, in fact  extorting the President of a foreign nation to interfere in our  democracy. He involved officials at the highest level who joined in  trying to cover it up, who now have a whistleblower complaint, as well  as those call notes between President Trump and President Zelensky that  repeat the President's own words. The transcript of that call is truly  chilling and frightening almost beyond words.   When Mr. Zelensky mentioned that Ukraine was ``ready to buy more  Javelins from the United States for defense purposes,'' President Trump  responded with, ``I would like you to do us a favor though.'' That is a  quote: ``I would like you to do us a favor though.'' And the favor was,  of course, interference in our election.   That kind of invitation emboldens not only the President of Ukraine  but every other autocrat and tyrant who might seek similarly to  interfere. Let us remember that what the Founders feared most was  exactly that kind of interference, whether it was from the imperial  powers that we had just fought and successfully won our freedom or  dictators like Vladimir Putin or other nations that will be emboldened  to interfere.   My Republican colleagues' silence will not age well. Not only are  they unwilling to stand up to this President's abuses and threats to  our democracy, the majority leader has refused to put those bills on  the floor. He has outright refused to give us a vote on security  legislation.   My bill, the duty to report bill, would require campaigns,  candidates, and family members to immediately report to the FBI and  Federal Election Commission any offers of illegal foreign assistance.  It codifies into law what is already a moral duty and a patriotic duty.  It is basic common sense. The law already forbids soliciting and  accepting that kind of foreign assistance during a campaign; this  measure, very simply, would require it to be reported.   I have told this body--and I have repeated it numerous times--that  when FBI Director Wray came before the Senate Judiciary Committee, he  warned that the Russians are still actively trying to interfere in our  election. But President Trump just said that if offered foreign  assistance, ``I'd take it.''   Congress must pass this Duty to Report Act, along with other  commonsense measures that support election security. Not only can we do  it while we are considering impeachment, we must do it because the  impeachment offense, in fact, involves foreign interference that these  election security measures would help to stop.    Likewise, I want to mention gun violence protection. Senator Graham  and I and others in this body have worked hard over months on  negotiating emergency risk protection order legislation. It could be  passed along with background checks, and the two should go together.   The ball is in the White House's court. The President has shifted  ground one way and the other, unpredictably and uncertainly, but I feel  we can muster a consensus here. Even as we consider impeachment, we can  move forward on a comprehensive set of measures that would help make  America safer.   My goal, eventually, is to save as many lives as possible and as  quickly as possible through those kinds of measures that would include  not only background checks made universal and emergency risk protection  orders passed by States with the incentives we would provide with this  bill but also a ban on assault weapons and safe storage in honor of  Ethan Song, a young man who was killed in Guilford, CT, because of  improper storage of a gun that he and a friend were playing with. They  would include a ban on high-capacity magazines and a reversal of the  sweetheart deal that gave the gun manufacturers near-complete immunity.  These commonsense measures can be done even as we consider impeachment.   Likewise, to take another guarantee of our values and the rule of  law, forced arbitration clauses cause harm to millions of Americans  every year. These clauses are often tucked into the fine print of  lengthy consumer contracts and employee handbooks, with workers and  consumers having no meaningful choice but to consent to the terms.  These forced arbitration clauses, like that immunity for the gun  manufacturers, denies basic justice. They deny Americans their day in  court, and they deny public accountability. Consumers and workers are  forced into unfair arbitration clauses where corporations can write the  rules. They write the rules. Everything can be done in secret, and  there is no meaningful judicial rebuke. In many cases, these clauses  are paired with provisions that block Americans who have suffered  similar harm from banding together in seeking accountability together  in a class action lawsuit.   At the start of this Congress, 34 Senators joined me in sponsoring  the FAIR Act. This bill would render invalid or unenforceable any  arbitration agreement between workers and consumers and corporations  that governs employment, civil rights, consumer, or antitrust disputes.  It has an exception for those arbitration agreements that are the  product of real collective bargaining agreements. It is hardly a  radical proposal; it is a reform to give Americans access to the  justice system again. Yet Senator McConnell regrettably has blocked  this bill and others from a vote. Senator McConnell said: ``As long as  I am majority leader of the Senate, I get to set the agenda.''  Meanwhile, corporations are cheating workers, consumers, children, and  families out of their day in court.   We need to move forward on these matters: gun violence protection,  election security, the FAIR Act. We can do it because America wants it.  We will go back to our constituents in this next election, and my  colleagues who will face them will be asked: What have you done? We can  answer with real action if we come together and move forward.   I yield the floor.   