 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise today as the only Ph.D. physicist in the U.S.  Congress. During my career, I have designed and led the construction of  giant particle accelerators and other nuclear equipment, led high-risk  and successful R&D programs, and designed equipment using classified  neutron transport codes.   Because of its importance to national security and nuclear  nonproliferation, I have studied at length the question of minimizing  the use of highly enriched uranium in naval propulsion reactors. I  received numerous individual and highly technical classified briefings,  examined reactor core specifications, and visited the naval nuclear  fuel fabrication facility in Virginia.   I believe that continuing the research supported by this amendment is  worth pursuing for the reasons given by my colleague.   Several factors must be dealt with in determining the practicality of  utilizing LEU in naval propulsion reactors, including the total energy  and power deliverable by the core, the volume of the reactor, the  enrichment level of the fuel, reactivity limits, and the heat transfer  area required for a given power level.   It is complicated, but a 2016 report by the JASON scientific advisory  board concluded that using an optimized LEU design instead of the  existing HEU design could result in a significantly more compact core.  This would be a true operational advantage and one that we should not  give up by abandoning this R&D program that has been going on for  years.   I close by pointing out that I am not alone in this. This is not only  about optimizing submarine performance. As  [[Page H5624]]  pointed out by 35 Nobel Prize-winning scientists, it is crucial for  nonproliferation that we set a good example for the rest of the world  and not use weapons-grade uranium for applications where it is not  required. Countries like France and others do not use weapons-grade  uranium in their submarines and in carriers. We should set an example  and do likewise.   This R&D program will enable that possibility by continuing it for  the next decade.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I rise today as the only PhD Physicist in Congress. During  my career I have design and led the construction of giant particle  accelerators and other nuclear equipment, led high-risk and successful  R and D programs, and designed equipment using classified neutron  transport codes.   Because of its importance to National Security and Nuclear  NonProliferation, I have studied at length the question of minimizing  the use of HEU in our naval propulsion reactors.   I received numerous individual and highly technical classified  briefings, examined reactor core specifications, and visited the naval  nuclear fuel fabrication facility in Virginia.   I believe that the research supported by this amendment is worth  pursuing, for the reasons given by my colleague.   The reason is simple, that HEU is one of the most dangerous  substances known to man, because it can be used to make a simple, gun- type design nuclear bomb with a multi-kiloton yield.   This is not true of LEU--low-enriched, non-weapons grade uranium.   This distinction is important for the enforcement of Nuclear  Nonproliferation. Since the detection of even minute amounts of HEU can  and has been used as clear evidence of a weapons program in a nation  that has allegedly committed to only peaceful uses of atomic energy  based on LEU.   Which is why the elimination of globally held stockpiles has been a  U.S. policy objective for over 40 years, and recently supported by a  letter from 35 Nobel Prize winners.   But let's talk about the physics and reactor systems engineering.   Several factors must be dealt with in determining the practicality of  utilizing LEU in naval propulsion reactors, including total energy and  power deliverable by the core, volume of the reactor, and enrichment  level of the fuel, reactivity limits, and the heat transfer area  required for a given power level.   A 2016 report by the JASON Scientific Advisory Board concluded that,  that using the existing HEU design, in order achieve the same total  deliverable energy using LEU, the core would have to be approximately  4.5 times larger.   This does not mean, however, that you would need a reactor system  with 4.5 times the volume, since most propulsion components scale with  the power of the reactor, which would be unchanged in the conversion  from HEU to LEU.   The purpose of the R and D funding in this amendment is to develop  and qualify a fuel element and reactor design the will result in a much  more compact overall design.   Although the exact improvement factor is classified and has been  redacted in the public version of the JASON report.   If the R and D program succeeds, it will verify the feasibility of  using LEU in Naval reactors with smaller or no performance compromise.   The independent JASON scientific review committee gave this R and D  program a positive outlook.   In a July 2016 report to Congress, the Office of Naval Reactors  stated that, ``The advanced LEU fuel system concept has the potential  to satisfy the energy requirements of an aircraft carrier without  affecting the number of refuelings.''   This would massively reduce U.S. consumption of Weapons Grade  Uranium.   The situation is more nuanced for submarines.   The Virginia-class replacement propulsion plant is being targeted by  this R and D program, with a decision time for transition to LEU of  about 10 years from now.   But such progress over the next two decades can only happen if we  continue aggressively pursuing the R and D now.   As the JASON report stated, ``If a decision is made soon to proceed  with ELE-LEU development, then by the time the design of the Virginia- replacement propulsion plant is being solidified in the 2030 time  frame, NNPP will have a good idea of whether ELE-LEU will succeed. . .  . [T]hen the Navy's final HEU core might be built as early as 2040.''   If any of my colleagues would like to continue this conversation in a  classified setting, I would be more than happy to answer any questions.   I urge my colleagues to join me and vote yes on this critical  amendment.   