 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2513, although  I do want to acknowledge that the sponsor has worked hard and in good  faith to try to make the bill work, and I think the bill is well- intended.   There are two primary reasons why I oppose the legislation:   Number 1, it imposes an undue burden on small business, and;   Number 2, it doesn't adequately protect personally identifiable  information of millions of Americans from cyberattacks.   First, it imposes a new burden on millions of small businesses, our  constituents, who aren't aware we are having this debate today. In  fact, most of them don't even know what FinCen is, but they will be  forced to provide sensitive personal information to FinCen, an agency  almost nobody knows, and failure to do so could lead to up to 3 years  of imprisonment.   I feel the bill was well-intended, though, because I know that shell  companies are used by criminals to move illicit money through our  financial system. But there is a better way to address the problem. In  committee, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), my colleague,  offered an amendment that would transfer the information collected  under this bill from FinCen to the IRS as part of the annual tax filing  process. That approach will impose less burden on our constituents, the  small businesses that create jobs in this country.   But a bigger obstacle would be here on the Hill, because it would  result in shared jurisdiction with the Ways and Means Committee, so  that ``good idea'' couldn't work because of jurisdictional lines.   Second, my issue is this agency, FinCen, will be the repository of a  lot of data from millions of Americans with personally identifiable  information. It is Cybersecurity Awareness Month; yet, there is not  enough adequate protections in this bill to ensure that private data is  secure from cyberattacks.    For these reasons, I can't vote for the bill, but I do want to  congratulate the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney),  my colleague, and sponsor of this bill, for her hard work in trying to  make the bill work.   Finally, I want to thank and recognize my colleague, Representative  Cleaver, whose bill, the COUNTER Act, H.R. 2514, was rolled into this  bill. Representative Cleaver worked with Republicans and Democrats to  ensure our anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act regime was  reformed in a bipartisan way that makes our national security stronger.   I want to thank him and congratulate him on that work. And if that  bill was a standalone bill, I think it would pass this institution  nearly unanimously, if not unanimously. Again, unfortunately, I have to  oppose H.R. 2513.   