 Madam Speaker, I rise today feeling the full weight of  my duty, as a Member of this august body, reflecting upon our oath of  office to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies,  foreign and domestic. It is my sincere belief that, under the  circumstances that bring us here today, there is only one path for us  to take to fulfill that oath.   Thomas Paine, in the first of his series of pamphlets entitled ``The  American Crisis,'' published 243 years ago tomorrow, intoned that  ``these are the times that try men's souls. The summer soldier and  sunshine patriot will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their  country; but he that stands by it now, deserves the love and thanks of  man and woman. Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered.''   These words were written at a time when our Founders were rebelling  against the tyrannical rule of the British monarchy. Today, we have a  President who seems to believe he is a king or above the law. Paine  warned us that ``so unlimited a power can belong only to God  Almighty.''   My faith leads me to take very seriously the final words of our oath  to faithfully discharge the duties of the office, ``so help me God.''   Madam Speaker, 3 days ago, I joined with a bipartisan delegation of  our colleagues celebrating the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the  Bulge. We laid  [[Page H12119]]  wreaths at the memorials of Generals George Patton and Anthony  McAuliffe. We visited foxholes that were occupied by some brave  soldiers who fought in some of the worst winter weather ever visited  upon a battlefield, and we visited the Luxembourg American Cemetery,  the final resting place of thousands of them and General George Patton.   They were not summer soldiers in their efforts 75 years ago to  preserve the Republic, and we must not be sunshine patriots today in  our efforts to protect the Constitution upon which this great Republic  stands. While our fight is not in the trenches or battlefields but in  the Hallowed Halls of this Congress, our duty is no less patriotic.   