 Mr. President, as we said when we began to talk about tax  reform months ago now, the purpose of tax reform was stronger families  and expanding opportunities for every American. I think the facts are  clear that that is exactly what happened.   Over the past year, most people saw bigger paychecks. Many of those  people saw bigger paychecks because they had less money taken out of  their checks. Ninety percent of middle-class Americans received a tax  cut. Pay increases  [[Page S2359]]  for lots of other Americans set new standards in recent years. I think  the pay increases of slightly less than 4 percent in the last year are  higher than at any time in recent memory.   Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the child tax credit doubled from  $1,000 to $2,000 per child. That credit is available to many more  families than before and obviously is twice as big as before.   People are able to keep more of what they earn.   We have an economy right now where people actually believe for the  first time in a decade that the chance they are going to get a  promotion is greater than the chance they are going to lose their job.  They have also stopped worrying about their neighbor losing their job  or someone else in their family losing their job. At this time, we have  an economy where people who want to go to work can go to work with  confidence.   Unemployment last month was at a 49-year low. Around a year ago, for  the first time, more jobs were available than people looking for work.  That had never happened before since keeping these statistics, that  there were more jobs available than people looking for work. When it  happened the next month, it was the second month in a row that it had  ever happened because it had never happened before the first month. I  think we are now 11 months into that statistic where there are more  jobs than people looking for work.   In 2018, we had the strongest economic growth that we had seen since  before the financial crisis about a decade ago.   According to the Department of Labor, average hourly earnings have  increased by 3.4 percent year over year. That is the largest increase  in a decade. Job openings increased to 7.6 million at the beginning of  the year. That is the third highest job-opening number in a long time.  As I said earlier, for the 12th straight month, the number of job  openings has exceeded the number of jobseekers.   There is no doubt that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been part of the  economic turnaround and will continue to be. One of the ways it will do  that is by promoting new investment in areas where they need it most,  through what we call in the tax bill opportunity zones.   In Missouri, there are 161 areas that have been designated as  opportunity zones, making them eligible for the investment incentives  under the new Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   I want to thank my friend from South Carolina, our colleague from  South Carolina, Senator Scott, for all of his hard work in making sure  this provision not only makes sense to people but making sure we fought  hard to see that it was included in the tax bill.   The majority of these zones were required to have an average poverty  rate of at least 20 percent and a median family income of no more than  80 percent of the statewide median income. So obviously there are areas  where something needs to happen to improve those areas.   It is predicted that $100 billion of private capital will go into  those opportunity zones. These are places where, even unlike the 1031  exchange, you can take an asset that is no longer working for you or  you are no longer excited about having and you can get rid of that  asset and put it in an opportunity zone. It doesn't have to be a like- kind exchange. There is a difference in focus and focusing where people  need it.   Attracting new investments to distressed urban and rural communities  with high poverty rates and slow job growth is a challenge. This is one  of the things that the tax cut is beginning to do and that the new tax  bill is beginning to do, bringing in that investment and creating more  opportunities for families.   Just recently, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson  came to St. Louis to highlight opportunity zones. Here is what the  Secretary of Housing and Urban Development said: ``The Opportunity  Zones present an incredible opportunity for people to take unrealized  capital gains that would normally be invested into more traditional  vehicles and focus them on areas that are traditionally neglected.''   The opportunity zones are another example of how tax reform is  working to benefit Missourians and people all over the country. I think  the goal of a tax plan that would benefit families and benefit  individuals is clearly being realized as we approach the day that none  of us are ever excited about--tax day. It is not the most popular day  in the year, but over the past year, people have been able to keep more  of the money they earn, and maybe just as important, they have been  earning more money than they earned before even if they didn't benefit  directly from the new Tax Code.   While this is not the most favorite day of the year, it is a day that  has been better for American families than this day has been for a long  time, and hopefully it will be even better a year from now.   I yield the floor.   