 Madam Speaker, as the Democrats now admit, their attempt  to remove the President began on Trump's Inauguration Day. When the  Democrats' semi-official mouthpiece, The Washington Post, declared:  ``The campaign to impeach President Trump has begun.''   For years, the Democrats tried to expel the President with the  preposterous accusation that he was a Russian agent. As detailed by  Inspector General Horowitz, dishonest intelligence officials used fake  allegations spread by the Democrats to gain approval of a spying  operation against the Trump campaign.   As they falsely accused the Trump campaign of colluding with  Russians, the Democrats, themselves, colluded with Russians to  manufacture these allegations in the infamous Steele dossier. They even  tried to get nude pictures of Trump from Russian pranksters.   With the Russian collusion hoax, the Democrats had everything going  for them: Federal investigations run by Trump haters; an endless supply  of media cheerleaders; and a galaxy of leftwing interest groups  amplifying their ridiculous messages.   Yet, even with all those messages at their disposal, the Russia  conspiracy theory collapsed, so they quickly concocted plan B.   The Ukraine hoax was based on a supposed whistleblower who colluded  [[Page H12185]]  beforehand with the Democrats. The Democrats then prevented Congress  from interviewing the whistleblower while conducting bizarre secret  depositions and selectively leaking testimony to discredited media  hacks. The Democrats showcased the most useful witnesses in public  hearings that somehow reduced support for impeachment.   It is not easy to make a coup attempt boring, but the Democrats found  a way. As it turns out, the American people don't think a routine phone  call with a foreign leader is a good basis for ousting a U.S.  President.   The Democrats also put forth ever-changing accusations against the  President, including campaign finance violations, quid pro quos,  election interference, bribery, and extortion.   Eventually, they ended up with the ridiculous charges we consider  today, abuse of power, an utterly meaningless term, and obstruction of  Congress. One Democrat has pronounced the President guilty simply  because he won't cooperate with their plan to railroad him.   But the only thing President Trump is guilty of is beating Hillary  Clinton. The Democrats refuse to accept that loss, and now they are  indicating they will continue their impeachment efforts even after this  one fails in the U.S. Senate.   Madam Speaker, after all their deceit, phony investigations, ginned- up crises, and manufactured outrage, the Democrats need a long period  of rehabilitation. They must learn how to do something productive for  the American people instead of ripping the country apart in their lust  for power.   