 Mr. President.    Mr. President, regular order.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, regular order.    Regular order.    Regular order, Mr. President.    Mr. President, last week, I spoke on the Senate floor  about the perils of socialism. I never thought in my entire life that I  would have to do something like that, but given the rise of democratic  socialists, which obviously is a contradiction in terms, I think it is  important to remind the American people about the failures of  socialism, as well as radical policies like the ones the Democrats are  trying to push off on the American people.   If you want to know what command and control economics is and what it  would mean to our freedom and our liberty, all you need to do is look  at the Green New Deal. This is really nothing more than an attempt to  mask this power grab by the Federal Government in feel-good  environmental policy by mixing ideas like Medicare for All and  guaranteed jobs and unrealistic economic and environmental policies.    With net zero emissions--    Mr. President, I will--   --yield for a question after I conclude my remarks, not to  be interrupted.    Regular order, Mr. President.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I am not for socialism. I am not for  Washington, DC, thinking they know better than what my constituents  know about.    I will not yield.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, if the Democratic leader will just be  quiet--    If he will be quiet for a minute, I will tell him what I  am for, if he will quit interrupting.   So what this is is an attempt--is purely a power grab here in  Washington masked as a feel-good environmental policy, mixing ideas  like Medicare for All and guaranteed jobs with wildly unrealistic and  radical environmental policies like zero net emissions transportation  systems and guaranteed green housing.   Since this resolution was proposed, it has gained the ire of people  on both sides of the aisle, something we don't see that often, and  something that I don't know that I have ever seen. One of this bill's  authors refers to the majority leader's intent to bring this resolution  to the floor as sabotage.   Ordinarily, when you introduce an idea to the U.S. Congress, you are  begging the majority leader to put it on the floor--the committee  chairman to put it through committee so you can advance your idea. When  the majority  [[Page S1684]]  leader said he would do that for the Green New Deal, it was called  sabotage.   Since the Green New Deal was rolled out, things in Washington have  gotten increasingly wacky and, believe it or not, even crazy.   We recently put a pricetag on the Green New Deal. You heard the  Senator from Iowa talk about the $93 trillion. That is so much money  that I doubt most of us can wrap our brains around it. It is kind of  like when somebody tells you the Earth is 140 million miles from Mars.  How do you conceptualize that? You have no point of reference to  understand just how far that really is.   Let me put it this way: If you combine the gross domestic product of  every single country in 2017--every single country on the planet in  2017--the price of the Green New Deal would be higher than that.   If you total up how much the United States has spent--the U.S.  Government, since the Constitution went into effect in 1789, the price  of the Green New Deal would still be higher.   If you total the value of 1 year's worth of oil and gas production in  Texas, it would take almost seven centuries of production to pay for  the Green New Deal.   Margaret Thatcher, who had a gift for words, said: ``The problem with  socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.''  Well, in this case, you don't even have the money to begin with, but  that is what this is really about.   This is the antithesis of what our Founders believed in when they  founded the United States of America. They believed that checks and  balances and separated powers were protections of our individual  liberty and our right to make decisions for ourselves and our families.   They viewed the concentration of power that would be necessary to do  something like the Green New Deal as the opposite--antagonistic to  individual liberty.   Mr. President, things like eradicating air travel clearly aren't the  answer, and the Senator from Hawaii would say that wouldn't work very  well if you tried to get to Hawaii from Washington, DC.   No matter what your perspectives on energy are or the environment, I  think every one of us can single out something we can agree on; that  is, smarter policies that will not bankrupt our country.   The solution is not the Green New Deal or another government power  grab. It is all about innovation--   --the creativity of Americans--   --doing research and science to come up with--   --innovations.    Mr. President, I notice one thing: When people around  here--colleagues across the aisle--don't like what they are hearing,  they try to suppress or drown out dissenting voices.   I think the American people need to hear this debate because our  ability to innovate is critical to the success of our economy and our  competitiveness in the global economy.   Investing in science and technology and increasing our ability to  innovate is an important part of keeping our economy strong. Rather  than the government's seizing control of nearly every industry,  overregulating their activities as you would under the Green New Deal,  we should harness the power of the private sector to drive real,  affordable solutions, and that is how we find cutting-edge solutions to  our biggest challenges.   A lot of folks try to paint with broad strokes about energy. You are  either on the side of innovation and new technologies or you are in  favor of traditional oil and gas development.   Well, I am proud to come from a State that believes truly in an ``all  of the above'' approach. We generate more electricity from wind than  any other State in the country, and we believe in all of the above. You  don't have to pick one or the other.   Not only do we lead the Nation in oil and gas production, we also  lead, as I said, in wind energy production too. We are proof that you  can implement policies that get government out of the way and leave  industry experts to do their jobs. You can be pro-energy, pro- innovation, and pro-growth.   The Green New Deal is not the answer to our problems. It is a  solution in search of a problem, and it is a naked power grab by  Washington, DC, seeking to impose on each and every American how we  should run our lives.   It is the opposite of the individual liberties and freedoms that our  Founders believed our country would be based on. I hope in the coming  months we will take steps to promote freedom and not more government  control and ideas that lead to innovation, not socialist policies.   With that, I yield to my friend from Indiana.    Mr. President, I will say to my friend from New York that  I know what their talking points are now, but I don't believe what we  ought to do about the environment is impose a travesty like the Green  New Deal.   This is a government power grab. It is unaffordable. It is  unrealistic. And, really, this reflects the most radical ideology and  fringe of the Democratic Party today.   I think we should not have a socialist power grab of our entire  economy.    Mr. President, there is a great book called  ``SuperFreakonomics'' written by some Chicago economists who talk about  the threat to the environment of horse manure back when we had horse- drawn buggies in our cities because the internal combustion engine had  not been created. They point out that that environmental hazard went  away almost overnight because the internal combustion engine was  created.   Likewise, when I was growing up, a scientist named Paul Ehrlich from  Stanford wrote a book called ``The Population Bomb.'' He said that  millions of people would starve across our country and across the world  unless we basically quit having children. What he miscalculated is the  impact of a gentleman by the name of Norman Borlaug and the Green  Revolution that he began due to research and development of an  innovative plant gene research.   So we were able to basically defeat the population bomb, and we were  able to deal with the environmental hazard of horse manure by  innovation. That is what I am for, that is what I said, and that is  what I would say again to my friend from New York.   