 Mr. President, we are now in day 18 of an unnecessary  and shameful government shutdown. I am proud to be joined on the floor  by my colleague and partner, the senior Senator from Maryland, Ben  Cardin, Senator Tim Kaine and Senator Warner from Virginia, and many of  my colleagues, to say loud and clear that the first order of business  in this Senate should be to reopen the Federal Government because every  day that goes by, more and more Americans are losing access to  important government services, 800,000 hard-working Federal employees  are going without pay and facing mounting monthly bills, 400,000-plus  are working without pay to help protect our country, and over 300,000  are forcibly furloughed. Small businesses that do contract work for the  government are getting clobbered, as are the employees who work for  them.   We have it within our power to vote tonight to end this shutdown by  voting on the two bills that passed the House of Representatives last  Thursday. They made it their first order of business, and so should we.  I have copies of those bills.   I have a copy of H.J. Res. 1 right here in my hand. It would reopen  the Homeland Security Department at current levels until February 8,  allowing us an opportunity to discuss with the President the best and  most effective approach to border security. It is identical to what  this Senate passed on a bipartisan basis just before Christmas.   The second bill that passed the House--and I have that right here at  my desk as well--would reopen the other eight Departments of the  Federal Government for the remainder of the fiscal year and,  importantly, at levels that were supported in this Senate on a  bipartisan basis either through votes on this Senate floor or in the  Senate Appropriations Committee.   Both of these bills--H.J. Res. 1 and H.R. 21--are on the Senate  calendar. We could bring them up, and we could vote tonight to end the  government shutdown. Then we could have a discussion with the President  on the best way to secure our borders. Let's stop holding the entire  Nation and 800,000 hard-working Federal employees hostage in a  disagreement they have nothing to do with.   President Trump did say that he was going to be proud to shut down  the government, and he did it. Every day that goes by in this Senate  without a vote on the House bills to reopen the government makes this  Senate more and more complicit in the shutdown. No Senator--no  Senator--should be contracting out their constitutional  responsibilities and their votes to the President of the United States.  Let's not be an accomplice to this shutdown. Let's bring up the vote,  bring up the bill, vote on it now--no business-as-usual tonight--and  let's, first of all, do the people's business and reopen the  government. Let's do it now.   I am proud to now give time to Senator Cardin, my friend, the senior  Senator from Maryland.    Thank you, Mr. President.   First, I want to thank my colleague from Virginia, Mr. Kaine, for  bringing us together this evening on the floor of the Senate to talk  about the urgent need to end the government shutdown because of the  mounting toll it is taking on the American public and on Federal  employees who are going without paychecks at this very moment.   This is a shutdown that President Trump said he would be ``proud'' to  put in place, but I think, if he begins to look around and see the  consequences,  [[Page S58]]  he has to ask himself what he means by being proud.   Just yesterday, I had a roundtable discussion with many Federal  workers in my State of Maryland. I wish President Trump had been there  at the roundtable to hear what these public servants had to say. Maybe  if he had listened, he would know that a government shutdown is nothing  anybody should be proud of. I want to share some of the stories my  constituents shared with me yesterday, and I hope President Trump is  listening to all of us here this evening.   Tyra was one of the people who came yesterday. She works for the  Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency. She has to keep  reporting to work every day, but she is not getting a paycheck. Tyra  talked about the challenges of juggling the cost of medicine, food, and  gas for her daily commute to a job where she is not getting paid right  now. She told me yesterday: ``I am trying to figure out how to get my  child lunch.'' That is what the shutdown means for Tyra.   I heard the President say the other day: ``I can relate, and I am  sure that the people that are on the receiving end will make  adjustments. They always do.'' That is the President of the United  States saying he can relate to these hard-working Federal employees who  are now going without a paycheck. Someone needs to tell the President  that in the United States of America, 40 percent of our fellow citizens  lack the $400 in their bank account that would be needed for an  emergency. So when you are talking about skipping a pay period, you are  talking about thousands of families who are not going to be able to  make ends meet. Mr. Trump can hang out at Trump Tower, and he can fly  down to Mar-a-Lago, but it is pretty clear that one thing he cannot do  is relate to the people who are going without a paycheck right now but  who have bills they have to pay.   Another individual who joined us yesterday was Trish. Trish is an  aerospace engineer at NASA. Trish is trying to buy a home, but the  shutdown is throwing a wrench in those plans because her mortgage  company, not surprisingly, says that they need current pay stubs from  her in order to close on her purchase. What can she tell them? She  doesn't have any current pay stubs coming in, so she may not be able to  get that mortgage.   Mary works at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the CFTC. She  told us about the important work CFTC does to safeguard the financial  system against financial wrongdoing and fraud. She explained that  because of this shutdown, the CFTC cannot pursue legal cases against  bad actors who were defrauding American consumers and that they have  had to ask the courts to suspend those cases.   So I guess the shutdown is good for those who are trying to take  advantage of our fellow citizens through various financial schemes. It  certainly is not fair to those who are working hard and playing by the  rules and who want to do the public's business, like our Federal  employees.   Mary said that because of the shutdown, she has had to make some  difficult decisions in her own household. Mary's mother was recently  widowed, and the shutdown is hurting her ability to help her mother  make do during this tough time.   Before I had this forum with a number of Federal employees who have  been shut out of work, I visited Prince George's Community College in  Maryland. It is a great community college. The president of that  community college is Dr. Dukes. As I was going to meet Dr. Dukes, I met  a mom on the elevator. The mom had been there to talk about her  daughter who is enrolled there. It turned out that her mother is a  Federal employee who has been shut out of the Department of Commerce.  Then I talked to Dr. Dukes, and the president of this great community  college told me that she has been getting phone calls all week from  parents who have students enrolled at Prince George's Community College  who are on a monthly installment payment plan, and they are calling the  president of this community college and saying: What are we going to be  able to do? We are not going to be able to make our next payment on our  child's community college tuition bill.   Just today, I got a number of letters from air traffic controllers in  Maryland. They, like thousands of other Federal employees, are working  every day right now, but they are not getting paid for it.   Tension is mounting, frustration is mounting for the air traffic  controllers, a lot of Federal law enforcement officers, and the people  at the border, our border security. So, Mr. President, you don't know  how to relate to these fellow Americans who are struggling because of  your shutdown.   In the Senate, our failure to take up the bills that have already  passed the House and are sitting right here in the Senate to reopen the  Federal Government is making this Senate complicit in this Trump  shutdown. Every day that goes by where we don't make our first order of  business ending the shutdown makes the Senate an accomplice in the  Trump shutdown. The House made it its first order of business to say:  Let's reopen government. They passed two bills. Both bills have  overwhelming support for their components here in the Senate.   I have the first bill they passed right here in my hand. H.J. Res. 1  says to open the Department of Homeland Security at current funding  levels through February 8 while we negotiate the best way to provide  border security. This is on the Senate calendar. We can vote on this  tonight. Of course, the irony here is that this Senate, just before the  Christmas break, voted on exactly this measure. We voted on a  bipartisan basis to open the Homeland Security Department at current  levels through February 8 while we negotiate. We have already done it.  So why are we not taking up this bill this evening?   The other bill that passed the Senate I have right here in my hand.  It is also on the Senate calendar. This bill that passed the House on  their opening day would open eight of the nine Departments that are  closed. The first bill would open the Department of Homeland Security,  while we negotiate, until February 8. The other bill opens eight of the  nine other Federal Departments that have been closed.   Here is the kicker: The House did not adopt the House appropriations  levels. The House looked at what the Senate had passed on a bipartisan  basis either here on the Senate floor or in the Senate Appropriations  Committee, and they took the Senate funding levels to open those eight  Departments through the entire fiscal year, through September 30.   Mr. President, we all have a very simple question: Why is the  majority leader and why are our Republican colleagues not bringing up  those House bills that are sitting right here in the Senate? We have  already supported those bills on a bipartisan basis. We can pass these  bills to reopen the government tonight, and there is no excuse for not  doing it.   I am going to close by sharing the comments of one of the other  individuals who joined me yesterday at that gathering. His name is Otis  Johnson. He works here at the National Gallery of Art. His message to  President Trump: ``Mr. President, if you really can relate to how the  Federal employee is feeling, you need to go ahead and open the  government back up so our people who want to work can get back to work  and handle America's business.''   I wish President Trump was listening to Otis and all the other hard- working Federal employees I met with yesterday. If he talked to them,  he would hear their stories, and he would know they are suffering, as  are the American people who every day are losing access to important  services.   I want to again thank my colleague from Virginia, Mr. Kaine, and my  other colleagues.   I yield the floor.   