 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning  business.    Mr. President, the purpose of my speaking today is to  remind my colleagues about some history as it relates to the adoption  of Part D of Medicare back in 2003 and the importance of considering  that history in regard to the importance of passing legislation this  year in regard to high drug costs. The reminder goes to my colleagues  who are up for election, based on the fact that the history of the  elections of 2000 and 2002 had consequences for people who weren't  aware of the grassroots support for doing something for prescription  drugs and Medicare, as Part D turned out to be.   In this environment today, I don't think there is proper concern that  people--the grassroots of America--are expressing the need to do  something about prescription drug prices, so I am going to spend my  time doing what I just summarized for you going through the history of  20 years ago versus now.   I want to lower the cost of prescription drugs for American seniors.  I have spoken on this topic many times before, and in my previous  speeches years and years ago, I said that we were delivering on the  promises of the last three elections in a bipartisan manner to help  seniors who had waited far too long for relief, and that relief came  out as Medicare Part D.   That speech was more than 15 years ago. We have been here before. In  2003, I was leading the last piece of bipartisan entitlement reform,  the creation of the Medicare Part D Program that was entitled the  ``Medicare Modernization Act of 2003.''   Now here we are again on the cusp of meaningful, bipartisan action in  regard to prescription drugs. This action would fulfill the promises  that I and many of my colleagues and the administration, meaning the  Trump administration, made to the American people that we are going to  do something about prescription drug pricing. We should be reminded  that promises made ought to be promises kept.   I want to remind my colleagues that history does not have to repeat  itself. Hopefully, this will help rid the gridlock that delayed us from  delivering Medicare Part D nearly two decades ago.   As we all know, the Medicare Modernization Act was signed into law in  November of 2003, but the process of creating Part D began long before  the President actually signed the bill. We could go back more than a  decade--but that is not the most important part of it--but Congress was  voting on what would become prescription drug coverage as early as  1988. Obviously, it didn't become law.   Suggestions for how to help seniors with prescription drugs came from  every corner throughout the next decade after those 1988 votes. Yet the  proposals weren't enacted, so we failed to bring any kind of  comprehensive change to Medicare.   Under President Clinton, prescription drug pricing reform gained  national attention, just like it has national attention today because  President Trump has made it one of his premier goals of reducing drug  prices.  [[Page S5888]]    So going back to the Clinton administration as part of the Balanced  Budget Act of 1997, Congress created a forum to bring more attention to  the prescription drug program under Medicare. That was called the  National Bipartisan Commission on the Future of Medicare.   After a year's worth of work and research, the Commission voted on  three recommendations in 1999, including a prescription drug benefit.  However, the recommendations failed to receive the mandated  supermajority of members' votes, so no formal recommendations were ever  submitted to Congress because that was the rule of the Commission at  the time. It had to be a supermajority of the members of the  Commission.   Facing mounting pressure from the public in anticipation of the 2000  election, all of the major Presidential candidates presented plans.  President Bush had suggested a new Federal subsidy to help low-income  beneficiaries purchase drug coverage through private insurers.   Vice President Al Gore, the Democratic candidate, proposed a new  voluntary benefit within Medicare to protect chronically ill and low- income beneficiaries against catastrophic expenses. Yet the Congress  still couldn't reach a compromise, even though it was very much  discussed during that Presidential election, and it was in a lot of  discussions in Senate races as well.   At that time, the country was united behind Medicare reform, but  Congress was divided on how or even if it should act, and it did not  act.   In the Finance Committee, the person that preceded me when I took  over the chairmanship of the Finance Committee, a person by the name of  Bill Roth of Delaware, proposed two plans to committee members in hopes  that a consensus could be reached. The first plan worked to  fundamentally change the Medicare Program. The proposal included a  universal drug benefit for the Medicare Program with several major  contracting reforms. The reforms would have permitted pharmacy benefit  managers, insurers, and other qualified firms to compete to manage the  government drug benefit in a cost-effective way.   Then-Chairman Roth also proposed a scaled-back plan which would  extend prescription drug coverage to low-income seniors and on the  State level to those seniors facing catastrophic levels of spending.  This second piece of the Roth proposal was meant to be a backstop--just  a short-term, bipartisan bandaid on a gaping wound while negotiations  continued to find a longer term solution.   Despite the support from then-President Bill Clinton and the  Republican majority leader, Trent Lott, compromise was elusive, and the  Finance Committee did not act before the November election. So then we  had the 2000 election. Prescription drug coverage was a big issue, and  it was a big issue probably more for Republicans because we controlled  the U.S. Senate. We lost five incumbent Republican Senators because  people didn't pay attention to this being a major issue. Hence, to  remind you what I opened with, I don't want Senators making that same  mistake this year.   The American people were obviously disappointed in the lack of action  back in 2000, and it showed, but as we have to do when there is  grassroots support like there was then, we marched on to find a path  forward, but building consensus was not easy.   I was chairman during part of that time between the years 2000 and  2003. I wasn't chairman all that time because the Senate flipped to a  Democratic majority when Senator Jeffords of Vermont changed from  Republican to Democrat. Between the years 2000 and 2003, we held  countless meetings and hearings on the status of Medicare and how we  could come to an agreement to add Part D and bring Medicare into the  21st century. The gridlock seemed inescapable.   In 2002, the budget allowed for $350 billion to reform the Medicare  Program, most of that going toward the prescription drug reform that we  were proposing. Partisan discord led to three separate proposals being  sent to the Senate from House Republicans that were subsequently voted  down.   As a result of the 2002 elections, Republicans were back in the  majority, and I retook the gavel as chair of the Finance Committee. I  promised at that time legislation that would address seniors' concerns  and be bipartisan so it would pass an almost evenly split Senate. That  was my goal. In the Finance Committee, we went through the important  and wide-ranging process of creating what eventually became the  Medicare Modernization Act of 2003.   I worked across the aisle, across the Capitol, and down Pennsylvania  Avenue to make sure the prescription drugs and Medicare improvement  bill struck the right balance, spending the money allocated to us by  President Bush to be done in a fair and equitable way. A lot had  changed in the practice of medicine since Medicare had been signed into  law 40 years before, in 1965, and we needed to recognize that the  practice of medicine had changed. My friend Senator Baucus, who was at  that time the Democratic ranking member of my committee, and I were  able to thoughtfully pull together a Medicare package by closing a big  coverage gap and doing that in the right way. The Part D marketplace  offered consumers better choice, better coverage, and better value. Of  course, it was about time that Congress had taken this action demanded  by the grassroots of America in a serious way. I said in 2003, ``We all  know seniors don't want politics, they want prescription drugs,'' and  that holds true today as we consider this issue.   It is important to note that just like in the 2000 election, the  country took notice, but this time it was for our accomplishments, and  Republicans gained four Senate seats in that 2004 election.   I am now standing here again, more than 15 years later, to make the  very same point. It seems like deja vu. American seniors don't care  about party politics any more now than they did in 2003. When it comes  to almost any issue, but particularly healthcare issues, what they care  about is having access to affordable medication.   Once again, I am leading a bipartisan effort to enact much needed  entitlement reform, and once again some of my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle are resisting compromise. Once again, medicine has changed  since the last entitlement reform I led. Let me remind you,  prescription medication was not much of a part of the cost of medicine  in 1965 when Medicare was passed. By 2003, it had become a significant  portion of the cost of medicine. That is why people needed Medicare  Part D. Pharmaceuticals are even more a part of the practice of  medicine today. Scientific advances have led to many new and more  effective treatments. However, they are often accompanied by very high  costs. That means prescription drug prices have skyrocketed, and  Americans want Congress to act now so they can afford their lifesaving  medications.   Our seniors deserve better than the over 5-year delay in action we  put them through last time--in other words, 5 years before we finally  passed something in 2003 called Part D of Medicare. They shouldn't have  to wait 5 years this time. Congress has been here before. We want to  make sure history doesn't repeat itself. I want to make sure it doesn't  repeat itself. I personally have been here before. I have watched the  opportunity to help patients slip away. Now, just like in 2003,  Americans want action on entitlement reforms. Now, just like in 2003,  the President supports action. Now, just like back then in 2003,  numerous proposals were floated and ultimately fell short of the finish  line.    We have another opportunity to deliver meaningful reforms to help the  Part D program adapt to new innovations in the healthcare world. The  bill that came out of my committee 19 to 9, titled the ``Prescription  Drug Cost Reduction Act of 2019,'' builds on the successful programs we  created in 2003. It will lower beneficiary premiums by $6 billion and  lower out-of-pocket costs by $25 billion. The bill will implement an  out-of-pocket cap, eliminate excess payments, cap taxpayer subsidies,  and permanently repeal the doughnut hole in Medicare Part D. It uses  market forces. Those market forces will incentivize manufacturers to  lower list prices and report more accurate calculations of their rebate  obligations.   In short, this is the right bill at the right time. We should seize  this opportunity to support actions that Americans need now, not 5 or  10 years from now.  [[Page S5889]]    I want to give credit to Senator Wyden of Oregon, the ranking  Democrat on my committee and my partner on this issue.   Thank you for working with us in the tradition of the Finance  Committee in the same way that Senator Baucus and I worked together 15  years ago on Part D legislation.   I ask all of my colleagues to join Senator Wyden and me in our  bipartisan effort to lower the cost of prescription drugs.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   