 Mr. Speaker, I thank the floor leader for her leadership  on this.   Our colleague from Arizona chides us because we campaigned on  healthcare. We campaigned on healthcare, proudly, and we are defending  preexisting conditions coverage against every effort by the Republicans  to destroy it by repealing the Affordable Care Act in this body. And we  have defended it and we continue to defend it in court as they are  trying to destroy preexisting conditions coverage in Texas right now.   We hope that they will work with us on lowering prescription drug  prices. So I believe that my colleague should take up her own  invitation to get to work for the American people.   We have no problem advancing the public policy interests of the  American people while we defend the Constitution and the rule of law  against the conduct of this President.   Now, we had a resolution last night saying, obey the law, telling the  administration there is a very simple whistleblower statute which gives  people the opportunity to come forward to say that there is a violation  of the National Security Act in a way that flags a serious or flagrant  problem, abuse, or violation of law, and then that goes to the  inspector general of the Department.   It went to the inspector general, and that is an inspector general  appointed by President Trump himself. And the inspector general found  that the whistleblower's complaint was credible and it was urgent. It  went to a serious problem.   At that point, it goes to the Director of National Intelligence, and  that Director has 7 days to turn it over to the House Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence.   The 7 days came and went. This is the first time in American history  when the Director of National Intelligence did not turn over such a  complaint to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.   So the U.S. Senate, in a bipartisan fashion, all the Democrats and  all of the Republicans, got together and said to the administration, to  the Director of National Intelligence: Turn that complaint over  immediately to Congress.   We had the exact same resolution last night, and our colleagues said:  Well, we don't like your resolution. It is too profuse. There is too  much language, as the gentlewoman said. We think that it may disparage  the conduct of the President.   So what we did is we took them at their word. We purged all of that  language and we made it an exact replica of the Senate resolution that  they were praising last night. They loved it last night. They said:  That is exactly what this should be. So we have conformed it precisely  to what they are asking for, and they still oppose it.   What we need is an emphatic, unanimous, bipartisan statement that the  Federal laws of the United States must be respected by this  administration. The lawlessness must stop.   A whistleblower is someone acting in the highest, most noble  traditions of the country. He is not a traitor, as some have implied. A  whistleblower is not someone who has gone over to the other side of the  country. A whistleblower is someone working for the American people.   Both parties used to understand that, not just Democrats, but  Republicans used to understand that. Apparently, the Senate Republicans  do understand it, and yet, now, we have a situation where we are  saying: We have got a resolution, an exact replica of the Senate  resolution where we are asking the administration just to comply with  the law. Come forward and give us the complaint as you are required to  do by law.   The statute uses the phrase, ``shall turn over to Congress.''  ``Shall,'' that means must--not may, not maybe do it. You must do it.  Every other President, every other administration, every other Director  of National Intelligence has understood that.   We asked our colleagues to stand by what they told us in committee  last night, which was they liked the Senate version, and they urged us  to use the Senate version. We are using the Senate version, and we hope  that we will have an emphatic, bipartisan statement to the executive  branch of government they must turn over this material according to  law.   