 I want to follow the distinguished Senator from Georgia.  I also reserve the right to object here, and in the proper time, I will  object.   If my colleagues are interested in supporting legislation here today  that helps the people who are impacted by the 2019 storms and  legislation that can actually be signed into law, then, I would say  they should vote to invoke cloture on my amendment No. 201 today.   I am afraid they are not going to do that, but I will speak on my  amendment in greater detail shortly, if I am permitted to.   At the moment, I object to the unanimous consent request offered by  the distinguished Senator from Vermont.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object. I will  object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this afternoon I rise to urge my  colleagues to vote for cloture on the pending Shelby amendment on the  floor.   My amendment provides critical resources to those impacted by a wide  range of natural disasters in 2018--fires, earthquakes, volcanoes,  hurricanes, and tornadoes, among others. It also includes funding to  begin to address some of the 2019 disaster damage.  [[Page S2113]]    This funding, I believe, is essential to aid our fellow Americans who  are working to pick up the pieces and move on. There is a broad  agreement, basically, on both sides of the aisle--Democrat and  Republican--that this legislation should address 2019 disasters, and,  both, my amendment and the underlying bill, do this.   There are, however, two glaring differences that I would like to  discuss briefly. First, the Shelby amendment provides assistance to  those affected by the 2019 disasters. The underlying bill does not.  Secondly, the Shelby amendment has the support of the President. The  underlying bill does not.   This assistance is not just for those whose lives were destroyed by  the tornado that recently hit my home State of Alabama. It is also for  those whose homes, crops, and livestock have been swept away by  catastrophic flooding in the Midwest that we all witnessed recently.   Thus far, my Democratic colleagues have been unwilling to help these  people unless their demands are met. What are their demands? Not more  resources for 2018 or 2019 disasters, which is what the thrust of this  bill is about. No, instead they demand nearly $1 billion more for  Puerto Rico. We all agree that Puerto Rico was devastated in 2017 by  Hurricane Maria. That is why Congress provided Puerto Rico billions of  dollars in aid in a supplemental last March right here in the Congress.  Yet much of the funding that we provided has not been spent yet-- billions of dollars. In fact, the Department of Housing and Urban  Development recently reported that Puerto Rico has $1.5 billion in  community development block grant funding available but has only spent  $42,000. Think about that.   Why, then, are my Democratic colleagues seeking to include $431  million more for community development block grants for Puerto Rico but  not $1 for folks in the Midwest who continue to watch the floodwaters  rise as we speak?   The one piece of Puerto Rican funding we agree is essential--in fact,  it is urgent--is nutrition assistance. They need it, and they need it  now. That is why my amendment includes $600 million to provide the  people of Puerto Rico the food safety net they need now.   I believe we need to move forward with this disaster package so that  those who have thus far received nothing from this Congress and those  in desperate need of assistance can move on with their lives. We should  not further delay, I believe, this assistance. Those in need must not  be forced to wait any longer.   I also wholeheartedly agree with my colleagues who said in a recent  letter to Senate and House leadership: ``Providing desperately needed  relief to impacted communities should be a bipartisan, bicameral  priority and continued inaction is unacceptable.''   I hope we will all join together to provide assistance to those who  urgently need it today, regardless of whether the State we represent  has been struck by disasters covered in this bill.   Only one of the two options before the Senate seeks to help everyone  impacted by disasters and can be signed into law, and that is the  Shelby amendment. Again, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on cloture.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   