 Mr. President, I applaud the Senator from Illinois, the  senior Senator from Illinois, for his comments. He knows what it is to  have immigrants in your family, as do I. I was fortunate to have a  little more understanding as my paternal grandparents immigrated to  Vermont from Italy,  [[Page S1296]]  and my wife's parents immigrated to Vermont from French-speaking  Canada. I still struggle with the Italian I knew as a child. I have  done a little better with French, in order to speak to Marcelle's  family. But I see the diversity that came of it. I see it in our State  of Vermont, and I hope our country is better for it. So I thank the  Senator from Illinois.   The last time William Barr was before the Senate was 28 years ago,  during the George H.W. Bush administration, and I voted for him to be  Attorney General. I did so despite having some reservations that I  shared with him and the Senate at the time. Mr. Barr and I did not see  eye to eye on many issues. We did not then, and we do not now. But he  was clearly qualified for the position, and he had earned the  confidence of the Senate. So I felt free to vote for him.   I am concerned by some of the remarks that Senator Durbin has  referred to which seem to indicate that Mr. Barr may feel that he is  the lawyer for the President, not only the Attorney General of the  United States. He is there to represent everybody--everybody--and to  make sure the laws are upheld for everybody.   Now we find ourselves considering his nomination under  extraordinarily different circumstances than we did when my friend  President Bush had nominated him. Multiple criminal investigations loom  over the Trump Presidency. In fact, these investigations may ultimately  define the Trump Presidency, and the President has reacted to it with  apparently the only way he knows how. He just attacks relentlessly. He  doesn't respond to them, but attacks. That includes attacking  investigators, witnesses, even the justice system itself. That also  includes firing both the FBI Director and his previous Attorney General  for not handling one of the investigations as the President wanted, but  instead as the law required.   The President views the Justice Department as an extension of his  power. He has repeatedly called on it to target his political  opponents. He has even reportedly told his advisers that he expects the  Attorney General to protect him personally. I have been here with eight  Presidents. I have never known a President, either Republican or  Democrat, to have such an outrageous and wrong--wrong--view of the  Department of Justice.   The integrity of the Justice Department has not been so tested since  the dark days of Watergate. Yet when the Judiciary Committee considered  the nomination of Elliot Richardson to be Attorney General in the midst  of that national crisis, nominated by Richard Nixon, the nominee made  numerous, detailed commitments to the committee. Mr. Richardson did so,  in his words, to ``create the maximum possible degree of public  confidence in the integrity of the process.'' That same principle  applies equally today.   Indeed, that may be the only way the Justice Department escapes the  Trump administration with its integrity intact. In large part due to  the relentless politicizing of the Department by the President,  millions of Americans will see bias no matter which way the Department  resolves the Russia investigation. Because of seeing such bias, our  country is diminished. The justice system is greatly diminished. In my  view, the Department has only one way out--transparency. The American  people deserve to know the facts, whatever they may be. That requires  the special counsel's report, and the evidence that supports it, be  made public.   Unfortunately, despite efforts from both Republicans and Democrats in  the Senate, Mr. Barr has repeatedly refused to make that commitment.  Worse, much of his testimony before the Judiciary Committee left us  with more doubts. Will Mr. Barr allow President Trump to make a  sweeping, unprecedented claim of Executive privilege that allows him to  hide the report? Will Mr. Barr, relying on a Department policy to avoid  disparaging uncharged parties, not disclose potential misconduct by the  President simply due to another policy to not indict sitting  Presidents? We don't know the answer, but we do know that Mr. Barr's  testimony on these issues could lay the groundwork for potentially no  transparency at all.   Mr. Barr also repeatedly refused to follow the precedent of Attorney  General Jeff Sessions and commit to follow the advice of career ethics  officials on whether he needs to recuse himself from the Russia  investigation. He even declined my request to commit to simply sharing  their recommendation with the Judiciary Committee. That is critical  because there is reason to question whether an appearance of a conflict  exists.   Prior to his nomination, Mr. Barr made his unorthodox views on the  special counsel's obstruction of justice investigation very clear. He  did that with a 19-page memo sent directly to the President's lawyers.  Mr. Barr spoke dismissively about the broader Russia investigation. He  even claimed that a conspiracy theory involving Hillary Clinton was far  more deserving of a Federal investigation than possible collusion, and  this was notwithstanding the fact that, by that time, that conspiracy  had been debunked. He was asked, in effect, whether this memo was a job  application, because it is difficult to imagine that these views  escaped the attention of the President. That makes it all the more  critical that Mr. Barr follow the precedent of prior Attorneys General  and commit to following the advice of career ethics officials on  recusal.   I am also concerned that, if confirmed, Mr. Barr would defend  policies that I believe are both ineffective and inhumane. We heard  Senator Durbin speak eloquently about the horrible, horrible program of  separating families at the border, and I think the Nation is still  reeling from that systematic separation. But, in light of that, Mr.  Barr praised Jeff Sessions for ``breaking the record for prosecution''  of the misdemeanor offenses that forced families to be separated. In  other words, on a misdemeanor, you take the child away from the parents  and separate them. Nobody seems to know where everybody goes after  that.   Ask a 4-year-old: What are your parents' name? They will say, in  whatever language: Mommy and daddy.   Where do you live?   We live in the house next to so-and-so.   They don't know the addresses. They rely on their parents, and now  they have been separated from them.   It makes me think Attorneys General should be able to stand up for  the rule of law. I remember a time when former Acting Attorney General  Sally Yates stood up for the rule of law. She refused to defend  President Trump's first iteration of his Muslim ban as a deeply flawed  order. It was stained with racial animus, that even applied to  individuals who were lawful permanent residents and had valid visas,  Mr. Barr described Ms. Yates's decision as ``obstruction'' and a  ``serious abuse of office.''    My God, this country should not have religious tests. If we did, my  grandparents would not have been able to come to this country.   Relevant to each of my concerns is Mr. Barr's extremely broad views  of executive power. He is an advocate of the unitary executive theory,  believing that the Constitution vests nearly all executive power ``in  one and one only person--the President.'' He has said that an Attorney  General has ``no authority and no conceivable justification for  directing the department's lawyers not to advocate the president's  position in court.'' This expansive view of a President's power would  concern me no matter whose administration it was. In fact, if you go  way back in history, it conflicts with Supreme Court Justice James  Iredell's observation in 1792 that the Attorney General ``is not called  the Attorney General of the President, but Attorney General of the  United States.''   I find Mr. Barr's deferential view of Executive power especially  concerning. We already know much of what President Trump intends to do.  It includes taking billions of dollars that Congress has already  appropriated and diverting it toward a wasteful and ineffective vanity  wall. What would Mr. Barr do when confronted with such an order? He has  essentially told us: Mr. Barr has argued that Congress's appropriations  power provided under Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution is ``not  an independent source of congressional power'' to ``control the  allocation of government resources.'' That would come as great news to  everybody--Republicans and Democrats--who has been an appropriator in  any session of Congress.  [[Page S1297]]  He even believes, that if a President ``finds no appropriated funds  within a given category'' but can find such money ``in another  category,'' he can spend those funds as he wishes so long as the  spending is within his broad ``constitutional purview.'' Such views  should concern all of us here--Republicans and Democrats alike--who  believe, as the Founders of this country believed, that Congress  possesses the power of the purse.   Unfortunately, I fear that Mr. Barr's long-held views on Executive  power would essentially be weaponized by President Trump--a man who we  know derides any limits on his authority. Over the past two years, we  have seen the erosion of our institutional checks and balances in the  face of creeping authoritarianism. That can't continue.   In conclusion, let me be clear. I respect Mr. Barr. I voted for him  when President George H. W. Bush nominated him. As Attorney General, I  do not doubt that he would stand faithfully by his genuinely held  convictions, but I fear this particular administration needs somebody  who would give him a much tighter leash, as Attorneys General have in  the past. So because of that, I will vote no on Mr. Barr's nomination.   I yield the floor.    Thank you.   