 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment permanently subjects funding  for the CFPB to congressional appropriation and authorizes funding for  fiscal year 2020 at the fiscal year 2019 level.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is currently funded by the  Federal Reserve System, based upon a formula. Congress has never been  able to fully determine the funding level for the CFPB, limiting  congressional oversight and the American taxpayers' right to have a  voice in these activities.   As Acting Director Mick Mulvaney stated in his quarterly funding  request to Chairman Jerome Powell of the Federal Reserve Board of  Governors: ``By design, this funding mechanism denies the American  people their rightful control over how the Bureau spends their money.  This undermines the Bureau's legitimacy. The Bureau should be funded  through congressional appropriations. However, I am bound to execute  the law as written.''   If Democrats do not like the actions of the CFPB Director, they  should support returning control to the Congress, to the United States  House of Representatives, to the people's House, through the  appropriations process, as was envisioned by the Founders in the  Constitution. This amendment simply returns congressional oversight by  bringing funding for the CFPB under our discretionary appropriations  process.   Madam Chair, I urge all Members to support this important and  commonsense reform, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Chair, this amendment strikes a section of the bill requiring  [[Page H4093]]  public availability of all consumer complaints, obviously a CFPB web  page. A provision of the bill requires that all consumer complaints be  made available on a public CFPB website. While it sounds like an  attempt at transparency, I am concerned about how it will affect the  entities against which the complaints are filed.   We had a similar provision that was included back in the stimulus  bill, the HITECH Act in ARRA in 2009, resulting in the loss of consumer  confidence in healthcare entities because there was no reporting  required on remedial action. That is, once you got on the list, you  could never get off the list.   The language of this bill requires disclosure of complaints, but  there is no information on which complaints must be posted and whether  they can be removed. Will entities be publicly held as guilty before an  investigation is conducted? Will there be a way to indicate that  remedial action has occurred?   Until these questions are clarified, we must not subject entities to  the immediate disclosure of consumer complaints.   This amendment strikes this provision so that we may thoroughly  discuss these issues before submitting them to become law.   Madam Chair, again, I urge support of the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, this amendment permanently subjects the funding of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to congressional appropriation and  authorizes funding for fiscal year 2020 at the fiscal year 2019 level.   The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is currently funded through  the Federal Reserve System based on a formula. Congress has never been  able to fully determine the fund level for the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, limiting congressional oversight and the American  taxpayers' right to have a voice in these activities. Acting Director  Mick Mulvaney so stated during his quarterly funding request to  Chairman Jerome Powell of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.   If the Democrats do not like the actions of the Director of the CFPB,  they should support returning control to Congress, to the people's  House, through the appropriations process.   This amendment simply returns congressional oversight by bringing  funding for the CFPB under our discretionary appropriations process.   Madam Chair, I urge all Members to support this commonsense reform,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Director Mulvaney in his quarterly funding request to Jerome Powell  of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors: ``By design, this funding  mechanism denies the American people their rightful control over how  the Bureau spends their money, which this undermines the Bureau's  legitimacy. The Bureau should be funded through congressional  appropriations. However, I am bound to execute the law as written.''   It says pretty clearly in the Constitution that no money may be drawn  from the Treasury except as an appropriation by the United States  Congress.   Most people do not accuse us of underspending when it comes to the  appropriations process, so I fail to see that as a valid argument.   Look, if you don't like the actions of the Director of the CFPB,  support returning the funding to the Congress, support returning  control to the Congress so you will have the control that you seek.   Madam Chair, I urge an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   