 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today to offer this straightforward, commonsense  amendment that does not affect direct spending or revenues.   My amendment requires the Secretary of HHS to complete a review of  the relationship between survival of domestic violence, dating  violence, sexual assault, or stalking and the likelihood of developing  a substance use disorder.   This information is vital because we know traumatic experiences such  as domestic violence are associated with behavioral health conditions;  we know that behavioral health conditions are associated with substance  use disorders; and we know that substance use is linked to traumatic  experiences. What we don't know is if survivors of domestic violence  have an increased likelihood of developing a substance use disorder.  Although the evidence exists, we have yet to conduct a comprehensive  review of the data to make the connection.   It is important to understand the nature and impact of trauma to  effectively serve those who have suffered. If the review indicates a  connection, it would help providers prevent domestic violence survivors  from developing a substance use disorder and enable survivors to access  preventative and more comprehensive services.   This review will also give a better understanding of the broader  impacts  [[Page H3042]]  and effects of trauma on survivors. Social stigma silences both  domestic violence survivors and those suffering from substance use  disorders. We cannot allow survivors to be silenced any longer.   To reduce stigma, we must talk about these issues, better educate  ourselves on the struggles of those living with them, and let survivors  know they are not alone. By acknowledging that there might be a  connection between domestic violence survival and substance use  disorders, we can begin the conversation and let victims know that we  are willing and able to support them through their recovery.   Congress has a responsibility to victims and survivors. This  amendment and, more broadly, this bill is one step toward fulfilling  that responsibility.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentlewoman from Oklahoma (Ms. Kendra S. Horn), an extraordinary  advocate on this issue.    Madam Chair, I ask support for the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    