 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, despite what you hear inside the beltway,  the challenges along our southwest border are real, and the people of  Texas feel that impact every day along the 1,200-mile common border we  have with Mexico.   Last week, for example, the Border Patrol in the Rio Grande Valley  Sector arrested 1,300 illegal immigrants in a single day--the second  time in 2 weeks they exceeded that number. In the same time period, the  Laredo port of entry seized $2.3 million worth of cocaine and  marijuana. Sadly, a father and son traveling from Guatemala nearly  drowned while attempting to cross the Rio Grande but were saved thanks  to the efforts of the Border Patrol. In a small town just north of  Eagle Pass, a group of 90 undocumented immigrants--many of whom were  women and children between the ages of 1 and 17--were apprehended after  crossing the Rio Grande River. That was all in Texas last week.   Last year alone, 400,000 people were detained coming across our  southwestern border--400,000. Tens of thousands of unaccompanied  children and family units were detained as well.   These stories have become so common, somehow we have become  anesthetized to the human emergency and crisis occurring along the  border. Frankly, I do not understand why our Democratic friends have  become completely apathetic when it comes to border security or dealing  with what President Obama himself called a humanitarian crisis.   A few weeks ago, we know President Trump declared a national  emergency over this crisis, which would allow some funding to be  shifted from other areas to support our Border Patrol missions. This  decision was met with a great deal of pushback, some of which I believe  is warranted and some of which I believe is not. I would like to  explain what I think is warranted and what I think is not.   For those, like some of our colleagues across the Capitol, including  some of the Texas Democratic delegation--they call this a fake  emergency. I couldn't disagree more. Just ask the folks who live along  the border and deal with this each day. The scenes I describe are not  isolated incidents; they are happening daily, weekly, monthly, and at a  scale and volume that, frankly, are overwhelming the ability of  officials and people along the border to deal with.   Let's rewind to 2014. I alluded to this a moment ago. When President  Obama was President, we saw an unprecedented number of Central  Americans coming across the border claiming asylum. That year, 68,000  family units were apprehended at the southern border--``family units''  meaning at least one adult and at least one child. That is what  President Obama called a humanitarian crisis.   Today, not much has changed except for the numbers, and it has gotten  worse, not better. In the last 4 months alone, there have been nearly  100,000 family units apprehended at the border. These are people  arriving en masse by the thousands, sometimes called a caravan. We know  there are dangerous drugs that come in at the same time every day,  young women and children are being trafficked into sex slavery, and  migrants are being abandoned by coyotes and left to die in the desert.   So I don't see a lot of difference between what President Obama  called a humanitarian crisis in 2014 and what President Trump in 2019  calls an emergency.   While I agree that there is a crisis at our border and that more  needs to be done, I have been consistent in my concerns about the means  by which this funding is being provided.   This whole episode is completely contrived by the fact that the  Speaker of the House, Ms. Pelosi--despite the fact that we had  bipartisan support for the Secure Fence Act in 2006 and 2008, she all  of a sudden decided, because the politics suited her, that building any  additional physical barrier was immoral. The Democratic leader here in  the Senate said that not one dollar was going to be spent for physical  barriers along the border. We saw an impasse that resulted in the  Federal Government or at least 25 percent of the government being shut  down for 35 days. This was completely unnecessary and contrived. This  was all about politics and certainly not about trying to find solutions  to the problem.   I have said before and I will say again that where we are now was not  anybody's first choice--certainly not mine. We know that many  legitimate concerns have been raised about the clear definitions of the  role of the legislative and executive branches. It is clear under the  separation of powers that Congress holds the checkbook. No matter who  the President is or what they want funding for, it must be authorized  by Congress. But when Democrats refuse to engage in a problem-solving  process, as they have done over the last few months, it makes things  much more complicated.   We heard the Speaker of the House, as I said, refuse to provide more  than one dollar for border security. The minority leader said that no  additional money would be provided for barriers. The reason they made  these statements isn't because Democrats are all of a sudden opposed to  improved border security. As we have seen in the past, Democrats have  supported those physical barriers. In 2006, the Democratic leader  himself and a number of our current colleagues and then-colleagues,  such as Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, supported the Secure Fence  Act, but today, somehow things are different.   Democrats refuse to come to the negotiating table, not because they  are against border security, presumably, but because their political  base dislikes the man sitting behind the Resolute Desk. This is not  about the facts or the problem presented; this is about whether  President Trump will be defeated in his attempts to get additional  money for border security. As the President found out, it is pretty  tough to find a compromise when your negotiating partners--the Speaker  and the Democratic leader of the Senate--refuse to come to the table at  all. So the President found himself negotiating against himself.   I believe the regular appropriations process should always be the  approved method, but, of course, Congress--and this should be a wake-up  call to each of us--Congress has approved emergency powers as an  exception to the normal process by which money is appropriated.   While some are trying to make this seem like a constitutional crisis  and some groundbreaking breach of power by President Trump, I don't  believe that is true, because he is using the power that was delegated  to the executive branch by Congress. In other words, he is not making  this up out of whole cloth, like President Obama did when he provided  deferred action for childhood arrivals. He said more than 20 times that  he didn't have authority to do it, that there was no statute to  authorize it, but he did it anyway. It continues to be litigated--now  up to the Supreme Court of the United States.   Here is what I found when this controversy arose, when we did some  research. We found that Congress has granted the Presidency emergency  powers under 123 statutes. This marks the 60th time the emergency  powers have been invoked under the National Emergencies Act since 1978.  So Congress is responsible for providing this exception to the normal  appropriations process. Congress has done that 123 times, and  Presidents have used those powers 60 times. That ought to put what is  happening today in some larger context. Previous Presidents have used  them for things like prohibiting the importation of blood diamonds from  Sierra Leone or prohibiting new investment in Burma.   Because the President's emergency declaration fits into the confines  of the  [[Page S1613]]  authorities Congress has given him, this is not a constitutional  crisis, in my view, as some people are painting it to be, but I am  concerned about the process for a few reasons.   One, as a number of our colleagues have pointed out over the last few  weeks, it does set a precedent. A use of these powers in circumstances  under which a conference committee has already come up with a dollar  amount for border security that was ultimately signed by the President  and he declared a national emergency on top of that in order to gain  access to additional money--I do worry that this sets a precedent  whereby a future President could abuse this authority.   These 123 congressional grants of authority to Presidents--any  President--are broad, and they cover everything from the military, to  public health, to Federal pay schedules. Some are pretty unremarkable,  such as the one that allows the Secretary of Transportation to waive  vehicle weight limits on a stretch of Interstate 95 in Maine. That is  one of the congressional delegations of authority. Others are more  alarming, such as the one that would authorize the President to suspend  a law prohibiting the testing of chemical and biological weapons on  human subjects.   What I find most concerning is that the definition of an  ``emergency'' is very vague and subjective, which means it is going to  end up being the subject of litigation. Yes, lawsuits have already been  filed in the Federal district court challenging this declaration of an  emergency under these circumstances. This gets to my basic problem,  which is that this is not a very productive way to actually accomplish  the goal if you know that what you are going to do is going to be tied  up in litigation for the next 6 months or a year.   But I have to ask the question: Under these broad grants of authority  that Congress has previously given to a President or any President,  what would stop a future President from declaring a national emergency  over climate change or global warming? I am concerned that we are going  to see these emergency powers used as a failsafe for policies favored  by the Executive--one who takes it further for a purely ideological  goal that in no way comes close to a crisis or emergency.   Yes, I also worry that some of the money that will be accessed under  this declaration of national emergency is for military construction  projects, many of which are located at military bases in Texas. This is  not a case of, do we need border security, or do we need to provide the  housing and infrastructure for our military--we need both. So the  President and Congress should not try to rob from Peter to pay Paul.   I, along with my colleagues, have fought for these appropriations for  military construction because they are important to the ability to  recruit and retain men and women who volunteer for the military, and  their families. They are important for our national security. I have  and I will continue to push the administration to not let these  critical projects get caught in the crosshairs in this dispute over  adequate border security funds.   Third and finally, I suggest that Congress needs to look in the  mirror when it comes to the situation in which we find ourselves. The  only reason President Trump had the authority to do what he did is  because Congress delegated it to him, just like it is delegated to  future Presidents and has been to past Presidents under these 123  separate grants of authority. I worry that Congress has delegated too  much of its power to the executive branch.   In the 1944 case Korematsu v. United States, the Supreme Court upheld  the internment of Japanese Americans--something unimaginable today, but  in 1944, during the throes of the Second World War, it was something  that was the official policy of the government. It went all the way to  the Supreme Court of the United States. Justice Robert Jackson--one of  the three dissenters--said that each emergency power ``lies about like  a loaded weapon, ready for the hand of any authority that can bring  forward a plausible claim of an urgent need.'' I agree with Justice  Jackson's warning.   If our Democratic colleagues are concerned about how this President  or any other President will utilize the powers this body has given him,  perhaps we should reexamine those powers rather than fault the  President for using authorities Congress has already given to him.   Despite these concerns, I believe the President is operating within  the authority Congress has delegated to him. It is strictly because of  the dysfunction in the Congress and our inability to work together to  come up with solutions when it comes to border security or immigration  that the President is desperate to find access to the funds he believes  are necessary for the national security of our country.   As I said, I think this situation reflects more on the dysfunction in  Washington these days and the inability of Congress to work with the  President to find bipartisan, commonsense solutions. I think we ought  to return to those bipartisan, commonsense solutions rather than engage  in some of the drama associated with this particular declaration under  these sets of circumstances.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   