 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume. I thank my friend from Colorado (Mr. Perlmutter) for yielding  me the time.   I don't want to take up too much time, because I know we have the  chairwoman here. And as the gentleman from Colorado pointed out, she is  one of the most studied Members in this Chamber on this topic.   We did meet in the Rules Committee last night. And for the second  week in a row, Madam Speaker, we have brought rules out of the Rules  Committee that gave the minority a voice that we have not seen  throughout this Congress.   Candidly, the record of open rules in the Chamber has been abysmal on  both sides of the aisle. I don't believe while Paul Ryan was Speaker,  Republicans on the Rules Committee made a single open rule in order,  and that has certainly been the way that things have continued in the  Pelosi majority.   But I want to mention to my colleagues, as learned as the chairwoman  is, I believe that Members in this Chamber have something to offer on  these topics. And I just want to remind the Chamber that in 1970, when  we passed the Bank Secrecy Act to begin with--that is the bill that  this bill before us today amends, Madam Speaker, a very small portion  of the Bank Secrecy Act that this bill amends--we brought the Bank  Secrecy Act to the floor under an open rule, 2 hours of general debate,  and then amended it under the 5-minute rule, ended up passing that bill  unanimously out of this Chamber.   As my friend from Colorado knows, Madam Speaker, we had witnesses in  the Rules Committee last night who had ideas that they wanted to have  considered on the floor of the House by all of their colleagues, ideas  that I would tell you deserve consideration.   The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Davidson), my friend, brought an  amendment that said, Listen--as you heard the gentleman from Colorado  discuss earlier--this is the creation of a new government database for  the purpose of law enforcement querying it for its enforcement  activities.   What my friend from Ohio said is, If this is going to be a law  enforcement database, if we are creating new government databases, if  we are creating them for the sole purpose of law enforcement to query  them for the sole purpose of engaging in criminal prosecutions,  shouldn't we ask for a warrant to query that database, just like we  would ask law enforcement for a warrant in any other investigation?  These are, after all, American citizens.   Perhaps, because I don't serve on the Financial Services Committee,  Madam Speaker, I don't fully understand the ramifications of that, but  I am not afraid of this body considering it in its collective wisdom.  And I am disappointed that even as broad as the rule was, even the  amendments that were made in order, Mr. Davidson is not going to have a  chance to talk about this question of fundamental civil liberties,  which, again, I know is important, from the most liberal Democrat in  this Chamber to the most conservative Republican.   There was a time in this Chamber where we thought enough of ourselves  as a body and had enough respect for one another as individuals that we  were not afraid of the open rule process. There is enough blame to go  around on both sides of that. I am not proud of the Republican record  of the last several years, but I do believe, and I would say to my  friend from Colorado, because he has outsized influence on the  committee, this would be the kind of bill where we could begin that  open-rule process, a very narrowly tailored bill designed to do very  specific things.   I will go one more: I offered an amendment last night, Madam Speaker,  to allow consideration of an amendment from another Member of this body  who thought that we should have a cost-benefit analysis done of this  bill. I mean, undeniably, there is a paperwork burden associated with  it. That is uncontested.   So the idea was, because we are doing this on behalf of the American  people, do the costs outweigh the benefits or do the benefits outweigh  the cost. Candidly, my constituency back home would imagine that we  have that conversation about every piece of legislation that we pass  every day. Of course, the Members of this Chamber know that we don't.   That amendment was offered for consideration. It was defeated on a  party-line vote, not the nature of the amendment itself, Madam Speaker,  but even the ability to discuss it. I don't think any of my colleagues  would say that the legislative calendar of the last week has been so  aggressive that they have no bandwidth to consider either civil  liberties on the one hand or cost-benefit analysis on the other. I  think we do have that bandwidth.   And I recognize that in this culture of outrage that we are in, Madam  Speaker, this culture of offense that we have gotten ourselves into, it  is oftentimes true that in political discussions, folks will believe  that they can never do good enough. However good a rule the gentleman  from Colorado crafts, the other side is always going to say, Well, you  could have done better. I recognize that. In fact, that was confessed  from the witness table last night. The gentleman from Ohio said,  Listen, I have been trying to defeat this bill because I disagree with  it on its merits.  [[Page H8309]]    Now, if we are going to pass this bill, I think we should protect  civil liberties. And I am afraid my civil liberties concerns are being  dismissed because I have developed a reputation for wanting to kill the  bill altogether. We recognize that is a very real circumstance that we  have before us. But when we pass the underlying legislation, the Bank  Secrecy Act, I will remind my colleagues, again, we came together and  did it unanimously, because it is important.   The chairwoman of the subcommittee put together a big bipartisan  majority to move this legislation out of her committee. She recognizes  how important that is. There are so many opportunities for us to divide  ourselves in this Chamber, in this day. It is my regret that we have  not taken this opportunity where the bill was so narrow, where the  topic was so tailored, and where the expertise that is so obvious, to  those of us in the Chamber who don't have it as to which Members do  have it, that we did not allow a more full-throated debate on this  issue.   For that reason, Madam Speaker, I will be opposing the rule, but I  very much would like to get to consideration of the underlying bill. We  offered an amendment last night to do this in an open rule. That  amendment was rejected. Our ranking member offered it. It was rejected  on a party-line vote.   Let us recognize that we are including more voices today than this  Congress has historically included. This is, again, for only the second  time this year that I remember, there being as many voices included as  there are. But that is a step in the right direction. It is not the  goal. The goal is to allow every Member, each one of us representing  700,000 American citizens whose voice needs to be heard, to come to the  floor and have that debate.   Part of the reason you see the floor is empty, as you do today, Madam  Speaker, is because folks know the word has already gone out. Folks  have already seen the literature. They know their voices have already  been shut out. Those Members who have offered improvements, they know  they have already been rejected. They know there will not be a chance  for their voice to be heard, and, thus, they are not on the floor today  to pursue it.   So, again, to my friend from Colorado, I would ask him to use his  influence. I know we can do it. I know we can be better.   And this, again, because of the chairwoman's expertise, because of  the bipartisan way it moved through committee, this would have been the  way, this would have been the time for us to begin trying to expect  more of ourselves. And we have not taken advantage of that this time. I  hope that we will not miss that opportunity next time.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I am willing to stipulate that almost everything my  two friends have just said is absolutely true. Law enforcement  absolutely supports this provision. Law enforcement absolutely believes  pursuing criminals will be easier under this provision.   Now, it would also be easier if we allowed folks to kick in  everybody's door, but we don't. Protecting civil liberties is about  protecting American citizens.   I am not even here today arguing that we have to include the  amendment for the bill to go to the President's desk. I am here arguing  that civil liberties deserve a conversation.   Madam Speaker, we did not come in until noon today. We are not going  to burn the midnight oil tonight. We did two small bills last week, in  its entirety, coming out of the Rules Committee.   We have the bandwidth to talk about civil liberties. It does not  advantage us to pretend that folks who care about civil liberties are  somehow a threat to democracy. People who care about civil liberties  are the ones who have always protected democracy.   Whenever bad things happen in this country, the pendulum  automatically swings in favor of protection of the group against the  protection of the civil liberties of the individual.   It happened after 9/11. It happened after Pearl Harbor. It happens  time and time again in this country.   What was asked in the Rules Committee is that we take 5 minutes. That  is not a figure of speech, Madam Speaker. It is actually 5 minutes that  was requested to make the case on the floor that civil liberties were  not being appropriately protected in this bill and that we could do  better. The answer from the majority was, no, it is not worth 5  minutes.   I stipulate that what my friends have said about the value of this  legislation is absolutely true. So, when I offered the amendment that  said let's do a cost-benefit analysis to document the truth of that, I  expected the answer to be yes. The answer wasn't just no. The answer  was, no, we don't even have the ability to do a cost-benefit analysis  of this legislation.   Madam Speaker, that is just nonsense. It is nonsense.   I was asking for 5 minutes--literally, 300 seconds--to talk about  whether or not American citizens were going to get the value out of  this bill that was being suggested. The answer was, no, we don't have  300 seconds to spend talking about it.   I would argue 300 seconds isn't enough. Three hundred seconds isn't  enough to talk about civil liberties. Three hundred seconds isn't  enough to talk about taxpayer responsibilities. But that was the ask,  and that ask was declined.   I can't come to the House floor with many of the rules that I am  assigned to carry, Madam Speaker, and make this request because I don't  have partners like the two partners that I have today.   You may not have noticed it, Madam Speaker, and you are kind if you  tell me that you didn't, but I am the least educated person on this  House floor when it comes to this bill. I am the only one who doesn't  sit on the committee.   I am, today, down here discussing this with two Members who have  dedicated their careers to the improvement of the financial services  system in America, and I respect the time and effort they have  committed to it. I respect their counsel.   I don't believe these two individuals are threatened by 300 more  seconds of debate on any issue. They know what they believe. They know  why they believe it. They know why they believe what they believe is  good for America, as do Members with opposing opinions.   I can't ask, if we are down here talking about a tax bill, to have an  open rule on a Ways and Means bill because that gets more complicated.  I can't  [[Page H8312]]  ask, if we are down here on a Judiciary bill, to have an open rule on a  Judiciary bill because that gets more complicated.   What I have today, Madam Speaker, are two Members who have worked in  a collaborative, bipartisan way to produce the very best bill they  could out of their committee. I am asking for an opportunity for the  other several hundred Members of this institution to have a voice in  the debate.   Just so that we are clear on what my ask is, Madam Speaker, to make  all the amendments in order--all the amendments--to allow for the free  and open debate that I am asking for, it would have taken 1,200 more  seconds, 20 minutes.   If the majority could have found, in its wisdom, 20 more minutes,  every Member of this body could have been heard on an issue that you  have heard the subject matter experts testify to how important it is.   We have gotten out of the habit of listening to one another. We have  gotten out of the habit of trusting one another. I don't argue that  either one of those things has happened without cause and effect. There  is a reason we are in the box that we are in. We have to find narrowly  tailored pieces of legislation to begin to reverse that cycle. This is  one of those narrowly tailored provisions.   It modifies one part--one part--of what the Bank Secrecy Act tried to  achieve. The Bank Secrecy Act was brought to the floor under a  completely open rule with all voices to be heard. Now, we can't find 20  minutes to have a full-throated debate on this. If we defeat the  previous question, I am going to amend the rule.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the previous  question.    It says: Upon adoption of this resolution, the  Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, Financial Services,  Oversight and Reform, Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence shall suspend pursuing matters referred to by  the Speaker in her announcement of September 24, 2019, until such a  time as a bill implementing the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement  becomes law.    That is a lot of text, Madam Speaker, and I am going to yield to one  of my colleagues on the Rules Committee and a learned member of the  Judiciary Committee to talk about it. But what it says, in effect, is  that we have real legislative priorities that are not being met.   We didn't find the 20 minutes for a full-throated debate here. We are  not finding the bandwidth to work on a trade deal, the single best  trade deal done in my lifetime, a trade deal supported by the  leadership in this House, the leadership in the Senate, and by the  White House, a trade deal that is going to make real differences to men  and women across this country, in your district and in mine.   It says let's stop the nonsense, let's stop the partisanship, and  let's focus on some things that every single citizen in this country  cares about. Let's prioritize that, and perhaps, in doing so, we will  build some trust.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona  (Mrs. Lesko), my friend from the Rules Committee, to discuss this  amendment in detail.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, you and I don't get to be down here on the rule  together very often, and so I feel like I have got a fresh ear in you.   My friend from Colorado, he and I discuss these matters all the time,  so I understand his tone. It is as if I am saying this bill has no  merit because, very often, we are down here and I am saying exactly  that.   This is a very different day that we are down here, and I want to say  it again if I haven't said it loud enough. The chairwoman has worked  incredibly hard to build a partnership on this issue. This bill came  out of committee with broad bipartisan support.   Madam Speaker, I don't believe I have handled a rule this year that  has had the partisan divide erased and had folks collaborate to make a  bill better. All I am asking for is, because we have such a wonderful  work product, that we go ahead and let every voice be heard.   In the same way that the gentleman from Colorado is used to me saying  a bill has no merit whatsoever, he is used to defending silencing  voices. It rolled off his tongue very easily: Oh, Mr. Davidson, he gets  to offer another amendment. We don't need his other ideas.   Well, for Pete's sake, he is a gentleman who serves on the Financial  Services Committee. He has expertise that you and I do not have. He has  a voice that needs to be heard on this floor. It was going to take 300  seconds for him to share it, and the answer was: No, no time for you.   We are better than that. We don't always have the bills to  demonstrate it; and what I am saying today is that we have a good,  solid work product that addresses a concern that we all agree on. Why  can't we make the time to make it better?   They took that time in the Financial Services Committee, both in the  two amendments they considered during the markup and in all the off- the-record discussions that have gone on behind closed doors, which are  what really make bills better.   I am just asking for the opportunity to get out of the habit of  making excuses for why we don't want to hear from our friends and  colleagues in this Chamber and getting back into the habit of  recognizing not just the merit of their voice, but the responsibility  we have to hear their voice.   My friend from Colorado says, if you don't like this bill, just vote  ``no.'' Well, there is some good stuff in this bill.   My response would be: If you don't like the amendments I am going to  offer, just vote ``no.'' But he used the power of the Rules Committee  to silence those voices. We won't even have votes on those amendments.   We have developed bad habits here as legislators. We don't always  have the right leaders to lead us out of the corner in which we have  strapped ourselves. We have the right leaders today on that side of the  aisle, Madam Speaker, and that is why I am asking my colleagues--they  wouldn't do it ordinarily, but I am asking my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so that we can amend the rule.   And, even better, defeat the rule so we can go back up, have every  voice heard, come back to this Chamber, take a few extra minutes,  perfect this bill, and then do exactly what the chairwoman wants done  and exactly what my friend from Colorado wants done, and that is to  send this bill out of this Chamber not with a perfunctory party-line  bipartisan vote, but with a full-throated, hearty bipartisan  endorsement that says we are speaking with one voice on an issue that  is important from corner to corner of this institution.   Madam Speaker, I had hoped that other learned voices would join me  today. I find myself alone, and I would say to my friend from Colorado,  I am prepared to close if he is.     Given that I did not hear either an ``amen'' or  ``attaboy,'' I am thinking of saying it one more time in hopes that the  response is different.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I want to say this as sincerely as I can. I know my colleagues  believe me to be sincere.   We bring a lot of bills to this floor where no effort was made  whatsoever to include disparate voices, where the party line, and the  party line alone, was the primary consideration. Madam Speaker, that  has been a flawed habit when both Republican leaders have sat in that  chair and when Democratic leaders have sat in that chair.   That is not the bill we have before us today. The bill we have before  us today, I have got a Republican from Georgia serving on the Financial  Services Committee; I have got a Democrat from Georgia serving on the  Financial Services Committee; and, truth be told, as often as not, they  vote the same way on the Financial Services Committee.   I can always tell when good legislation is coming out, because they  are not voting with a Republican or Democratic agenda in mind; they are  voting with the service of their constituents in Georgia in the  forefront of their mind, and they vote side by side and move arm in  arm.   We don't always get that opportunity. And so, when we have it today,  what a shame it is to waste it and not try to get back in the habit of  doing a better job of hearing voices, defeating  [[Page H8314]]  those that need to be defeated, supporting those that need to be  supported, and letting the Chamber work its will.   The National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, as we all know  it, represents mom-and-pop shops across this country. They don't  represent mom-and-pop businesses because they think that big businesses  are bad. They represent mom-and-pop businesses because they think mom- and-pop businesses are good.   This bill creates a new burden on those small businesses. That is  undisputed. The question is: Is the burden worth it or not?   We won't get to hear amendments on civil liberties to decide if it is  worth it or not; we won't get to hear amendments on cost-benefit  analysis to decide if it is worth it or not. And that is a shame. That  is a shame.   But when we have respected Members in this institution, respected  policy shops outside of this institution saying, ``Hey, I just want to  have my concerns heard by the full House,'' I think it is incumbent  upon us to try to find some time to get that done.   I am not encouraging folks to defeat the underlying bill. I am  encouraging folks to work with me to perfect the underlying bill so  that we can move it forward collaboratively.   Defeat the previous question. Defeat the rule. Take this opportunity  to do what all good institutions do.   Madam Speaker, we need good leaders, and we need good followers. We  have got the good leaders on the other side of the aisle today to get  back in the habit of making every voice heard. What we need are some  good followers to defeat this rule and give them a chance to do exactly  that.   Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding. I thank  the chairwoman for her leadership on the issue.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   