 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Raskin) for yielding me the time and I want to thank him  for his service on the Rules Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I certainly support the rule, but I want to speak on one  underlying bill in particular, H. Res. 489.   Mr. Speaker, what we saw this week used to be reserved for the  darkest corners of the internet, some chat room somewhere where people  would be too ashamed to even use their real name when spewing vile  rhetoric.   But this isn't some online troll. We are not talking about using dog  whistles or speaking in some kind of secret alt-right code, Mr.  Speaker.   This is proudly using Twitter as a megaphone to attack fellow  Americans.   These are American citizens being turned into some kind of scary  ``other,'' not because of their party, but because of their background,  their race, and their opinions. This is the same type of attack the  President has used against immigrants and refugees for years.   I have seen this administration carry out some deeply troubling  policies. I have heard some deeply offensive things. And I know I am  not alone in this, because when the cameras are off and the press isn't  around, some of my colleagues on the other side have told me the same  thing, that they are sickened by what is going on.   Well, these recent comments are in a completely different category.  This type of language isn't just offensive. It could lead to violence.  It is corroding our discourse. It undermines our values, and it doesn't  reflect who we are as a country.   Mr. Speaker, let me tell my Republican colleagues on the other side  of the aisle, more sternly worded press releases and disappointed  tweets aren't going to cut it. The only thing that matters here is  votes. Press statements are not enough.   This House needs to speak with unity and vote to condemn the  President's comments for what they are.   Now, I believe in the adage from Maya Angelou: ``When someone shows  you who they are, believe them.''   The President told us who he was long before he rode that escalator  down to announce his campaign.   It is time Republicans told the American people with their votes what  they whisper to one another in the Cloakroom, what many of them have  told me behind closed doors, because this dark world view is what will  be on the ballot.   Mr. Speaker, I implore my colleagues to think twice before they  follow the President off a cliff. Our credibility matters and their  credibility matters.   A Presidency lasts, at most, just 4 to 8 years. Some of us will get  the chance to serve here long after this administration ends, and we  will have to live with our conscience for a lifetime, but silence is an  endorsement, equivocation is an endorsement, blaming both sides is an  endorsement.   There is no gray area here. There is a very clear right and wrong. So  supporting this resolution isn't about standing with Democrats; it is  about standing up for decency.   The President showed us who he is. Now we have the chance to show the  American people who we are.   Now, it is no secret that I have profound policy disagreements with  this President. His economic policies favor the rich and his foreign  policy completely ignores human rights, but in all the time I have been  alive, I have always respected the office of the President and the  occupant.   I feel differently now. I feel embarrassed. I feel ashamed.   Mr. Speaker, let me remind my colleagues, our children are watching  us. So do the right thing. Do the moral thing. Condemn President  Trump's hateful and blatantly racist rhetoric.   And I don't care if it is out of order, but we need to be clear, we  need to call  [[Page H5840]]  it what it is, and we need to condemn it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that what I am saying on the House floor  supports the truth. I believe every word I said, and I feel strongly  about it. I would only wish my colleagues on the other side would feel  equally strong about condemning these horrific remarks.    Mr. Speaker, the President can say whatever he wants. I  think we have a moral obligation to call out racism wherever it exists.     Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's comments, but  I would ask him: Where was he when President Trump was spreading lies  about President Obama's birth? Where was he when Representative   Joe  Wilson shouted, on the House floor, ``You lie,'' to President Obama in  2009?   