 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, our Republican friends have spent the  past several weeks accusing Democrats of being unable to work on  serious issues to help the American people because the impeachment  inquiry into President Trump is such a distraction. The Republican  leader has repeated this absurd claim on the Senate floor, and the  President's reelection campaign is now running ads saying Democrats  refuse to work on infrastructure or healthcare or drugs because of  impeachment. These ads turn truth inside out. Simply put, these ads are  a lie.   Senate Democrats put together a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan  that would create 15 million jobs. We did that 3 years ago. Instead of  working with us on that goal, President Trump walked out of the meeting  on infrastructure with Speaker Pelosi and me. We haven't heard a peep  out of the administration since then. That was long before impeachment  began. We haven't heard from the Republicans on what they want to do on  healthcare. We haven't heard from the President on a proposal he sent  us on drug prices. So who is holding things up?   This Senate has been a legislative graveyard for months and months  and months. It just amazes me the gall, the temerity that the President  and our Republican friends have to say that Democrats, because of  impeachment, are not moving forward. We have 218 bills that the House  sent us. We haven't had one discussion here on impeachment. It has  taken up no time.   Leader McConnell, do you want to get things done? Put one of those  bills on the floor. Let us have debate.   Republican Senators, go to McConnell. Tell him you want to do some  stuff on the floor; that you want to legislate.   No, no, we hear silence--abject, shaky-knee silence--because our  Republican friends, and I imagine the leader, are just afraid of  President Trump. When he makes up these lies, they just go right along.   Many Republicans have even complained that Leader McConnell has  turned the Senate into a legislative graveyard. So the idea that the  impeachment inquiry is preventing Congress from debating legislation on  infrastructure or prescription drugs or healthcare or any other matter  is completely absurd. Democrats are happy  [[Page S6617]]  and eager to work on those issues. Senate Democrats are waiting with  bated breath for the Republican leader to put any of these bills on the  floor or for any Republican to speak out and demand they go on the  floor. The silence of our Republican colleagues indicates that they are  going along with this strategy as well.   We meet this week in the Senate, and the majority leader has, once  again, scheduled no legislative business on the floor--none. We are not  debating impeachment. We are not discussing impeachment. For 3 weeks in  a row, there has been not one legislative piece, not one legislative  bill. That is all the evidence one needs to know which party is  blocking progress in the Chamber.   The American people know it. When they are asked what they think of  the Republicans in the Senate and the Republicans in Congress, the  marks are very low. I imagine that is because they are getting nothing  done.   Concerning the impeachment inquiry itself, the public hearings last  week have brought up many troubling allegations, including the  startling revelation that Ambassador Gordon Sondland told another State  Department official that the President had made clear that he cares  more about Ukraine investigating the Bidens than about helping Ukraine  itself. The revelation added to an already substantial body of evidence  that the President may--may--have abused the powers of his public  office for personal political gain. I say ``may'' because we haven't  had the trial yet here in the Senate, should the House vote on articles  of impeachment.   The President is now saying all this stuff is false; that all these  witnesses are not telling the truth.   If the President believes that these witnesses are false and that the  facts that are coming out of the Senate impeachment hearings are false,  he should testify under oath in the House. If he wishes to present  evidence to the contrary, he should do it not by tweet but by testimony  under oath.   I wholeheartedly agree with Speaker Pelosi's invitation to President  Trump yesterday to testify in the House impeachment inquiry--not by  tweeting and not by sending a note but by coming forward in person  under oath, and let's see what the President rejects. If the President  doesn't agree with what he has heard in public hearings and he has  evidence he would like to present, he can come to the committee and  testify and answer questions under oath.   He should allow his advisers, who are in fact witnesses in these  matters, to testify under oath as well. The President shouldn't spread  falsehoods about the witnesses on Twitter. He should come to Congress  and make his case. He should free up Pompeo and Mulvaney and all the  others who might have real knowledge and let them testify.   The President and his allies in Congress criticized the testimony for  being secondhand in nature, while at the same time blocking those  individuals with firsthand knowledge from testifying. Let's end that  particular hypocrisy.   President Trump, come testify. Allow your advisers to testify. If you  refuse to come before the committee after Speaker Pelosi's invitation  and if you don't let the people around you come before the committee,  one question will loom before the American people: What is President  Trump hiding, and why is he personally afraid to confront the facts?   Before I yield the floor, I will address a tragic pattern that has  emerged in this Trump Presidency that is different from the previous  one but very troubling. Too often--it seems almost weekly--President  Trump announces that he is considering or even supporting a policy on  which there is some bipartisan agreement and then backs off that  position a few days, a few weeks, or a few months later. If there is an  immediate issue, President Trump seems almost afraid not to go along  with what the public wants, but because his integrity is so minimal, he  must not really mean it because he just reverses himself.   After the mass shootings in El Paso and Dayton this summer, President  Trump said he was considering ``very strong background checks'' as a  response to the violence. Leader McConnell echoed him. He said that a  debate on gun violence would be front and center in the Senate in  September.   Now 3 months later, after another high school shooting in Santa  Clarita, CA, another mass shooting at a neighborhood party in Fresno,  and another shooting at a Walmart in Oklahoma as recently as this  morning, it has become painfully clear that President Trump and Leader  McConnell caved to the corrupt leadership of the NRA once again and  will not move legislation to address gun violence. President Trump  would rather protect his political interests than protect American  lives.   Gun violence isn't the only issue where President Trump has promised  bold action, only to back off. We heard a new one this morning. Recent  reports suggest the President is now wavering on his promise to ban  flavored e-cigarettes, which are marketed toward our children. Once  again the reporting says that the President backed off after hearing  from industry lobbyists that the ban might hurt the President  politically.   It is the same pattern. The President promises to do something about  a serious issue--in some cases, an issue that threatens the lives of  our children--and then backs off and reverses himself once the special  interests weigh in.   President Trump, it is not too late. Do what you said you were going  to do. It is not that hard. Ban these flavored e-cigarettes. When e- cigarettes are marketed as Gummy Bear or Captain Crunch, they are not  aimed at adults; they are aimed at getting kids in high school and  junior high school--maybe even younger--to start vaping, which will  ultimately harm them.   Another example occurred yesterday and again today. The Trump  administration announced that it would extend a temporary license  granted to Huawei, a Chinese telecom giant that our intelligence and  defense agencies have deemed a national security threat. Once again  President Trump failed to match his tough talk with appropriate action.  If President Trump and his Commerce Department agree that Huawei is a  national security threat, they ought to start acting like it. Every  time President Trump goes easy on Huawei, the Chinese Communist Party  takes that as a signal that they can hurt American jobs and threaten  our security without repercussion.   I would urge the President to read an editorial by, I believe it is  the Secretary of the Air Force in today's Wall Street Journal--I read  it this afternoon--that says what the security threat of allowing  Huawei into this country would be to our Armed Forces, to our military  men and women, and to our country as a whole.   I publicly praise the President and his administration when they have  done the right thing. I praised the Trump administration when it  announced it was going to ban flavored e-cigarettes. I praised the  administration when it announced it was going to be tough on Huawei.  But announcements don't make the grade. When you back off, when you  waver, when you stammer, all these announcements mean nothing. And the  American people do remember it. There is an accounting.   Like on the issue of background checks and gun safety, you just can't  believe the President and his administration when they say they are  going to do something. So many times when the President says he is  considering some strong, bipartisan action, he backs off, usually at  the behest of lobbyists or some special interests. On these issues and  several others, the President has shown a profound lack of political  courage. It is one of the many reasons why the President and this  Republican Senate, which shivers in obeisance to him, have accomplished  so little for the American people.   I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.   