 Yes, the statements Senator Cortez Masto and Senator  McSally have made regarding the existing environmental compliance  documents and actions contemplated in the DCP agreements and the  Secretary's expected immediate implementation of those agreements once  acted upon by the basin states are consistent with my understanding.   This legislation is an important steppingstone to helping assure the  long-term sustainability of the Colorado River. It enables the seven  Colorado River Basin States to take advantage of flexible water  management tools they have created under the Upper and Lower Basin  Drought Contingency Plans to address variable water supply conditions  in the face of an almost two-decades-long drought that has no end in  sight.   The Upper Basin Drought Contingency Plan involves planning for how to  move water from the Initial Units of the Colorado River Storage Project  Act, otherwise known as the CRSP Initial Units, to protect critical  elevations at Lake Powell and subsequently recover storage at the  Units. It also provides a mechanism for the upper basin to conserve  water to help assure continued compliance with the Colorado River  Compact which will improve the resiliency of the entire Colorado River  System. In the Upper Basin DCP, the ``applicable Colorado River System  reservoirs'' include and are limited to the Initial Units of the  Colorado River Storage Project Act, which include the Glen Canyon,  Flaming Gorge, Aspinall, and Navajo facilities.   This legislation enables the goals of the DCP to be met by  authorizing the storage and release of water in CRSP initial units,  without charge, for a demand management plan approved by the Upper  Division states and the Upper Colorado River Commission. This water  will be delivered into such storage pursuant to the law of, and at the  direction and control of, the State from which the water is delivered,  subject to approval of the Upper Colorado River Commission. Development  of the Demand Management Plan, which will include water  accounting mechanisms and other operational factors, will require hard  work by all four upper basin States, but once completed will be a  critical tool for these states to improve their water security.    I ask Senator Bennet, who has been involved throughout the  development of this bill, does he agree with my characterization?   