 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3, the Elijah  Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act. This bill fulfills a promise that we  made to the American people.   We heard America when you told us drug costs were so high you  sometimes had to choose between buying your medicine and paying your  heating bill.   We heard America when you spoke to us about skyrocketing drug costs  compromising your quality of life.   We heard America when you said you had to ration drugs because you  couldn't afford your next prescription.   No one should have to make those tradeoffs for themselves or their  children.   In the United States, we pay more for drugs than any other country.  For insulin alone, Americans pay four times the average of other  countries. In my district in Maryland, people with Medicare are paying  4.9 times what they would pay in Australia; 3.5 times what they would  pay in the United Kingdom; and 2.6 times what they would pay in Canada  for prescription drugs.    Marylanders and Americans have been getting a bad deal, and it is  time to change that. I come from the business world and in business you  are successful when you negotiate a better price. Government should be  able to do the same thing with pharmaceutical companies.   H.R. 3 will allow us to do this. It will allow the U.S. Government to  negotiate lower prices for Medicare and private insurance and put a  $2,000 out-of-pocket limit on prescription drugs. It will also expand  Medicare benefits to add coverage for dental, vision, and hearing for  the first time ever.   In total, this bill will save the Federal Government over $500  billion over the next 10 years. Not only will this save money in the  pockets of the average American, but it will reinvest that money to  help our children and our children's children.   It will do this by investing $10 billion for biomedical research at  NIH. NIH is the best investment in our future that we could ever make.  Every dollar spurs $8 in return. Investing money in NIH just makes  sense.   It will also do this by investing $10 billion to fight our Nation's  biggest problem: the opioid epidemic. Unscrupulous pharma companies  fueled this opioid epidemic with irresponsible and illegal schemes to  flood the market with prescription pain pills. We have paid dearly for  those pills in lives lost.   It is only right that the savings we create through lowering drug  prices for Americans should go to fighting this epidemic.   I am proud that the bipartisan bill I introduced with the Freshmen  Working Group on Addiction, the State Opioid Response Grant  Authorization Act, is included in H.R. 3 and will provide $7.5 billion  over the next 5 years for consistent and predictable funding for the  communities that are fighting the opioid epidemic on the front lines.  Opioids have killed more than 400,000 Americans. It is time to act.   Last month, I held a roundtable in Gaithersburg, Maryland, about the  high cost of prescription drugs. At the roundtable, we had medical  professionals and regular folks who wrote into my office about the  incredibly high cost of prescription drugs.   One of those people was Suzette Cumberland. Suzette has Type 1  diabetes, and over the summer the price for her medication shot up 300  percent without warning or explanation. This is not fair, and it is not  right.   I am standing on the floor of the House of Representatives today and  say to Suzette: We all hear you. I hear you and the millions of people  across the country who have to make decisions about whether to pay for  food or the medication they need to survive.   I urge my colleagues to vote for the Elijah Cummings Lower Drug Costs  Now Act. It is time to stand up to the pharmaceutical companies and  fight for those without a PAC or a lobbyist to represent them--the  American people.   Let's fight for them.   