 Mr. President, first, I want to thank Senator Fischer for  all of her work on the Senate Armed Services Committee and in so many  other areas. I am here to talk about the same subject, the National  Defense Authorization Act.   It may be difficult to understand the difference between  appropriating and authorizing. We have two different sorts of  committees here. One focuses on the resources funding their use, but  they can't be used unless they are authorized. So every year for 58  years, we have come into the committee, we have heard differing  opinions on priorities, but at the end of the day, the amazing thing  about the Senate Armed Services Committee when it comes to  [[Page S6534]]  the National Defense Authorization Act is that we always reach a  bipartisan agreement. It passed out of the Senate Armed Services  Committee with I believe unanimous support, and then it got passed out  of the Senate.   Normally, this happens in the June timeframe, maybe the July  timeframe. Now here we are in November. Not only have we not passed the  National Defense Authorization Act, but we are at risk of not passing  anything. Now what we are hearing about is a so-called skinny bill that  would just be the basic authorities while we are leaving everything  else on the table.   I am going to talk a little bit about the Personnel Subcommittee,  which I chair, but what do authorities mean? It means research on new  weapons systems. It means research for men and women in a dangerous  situation to make sure the best possible technology and training is  available to make it as safe as it can be in an unsafe environment.  There are hundreds of authorizations in the National Defense  Authorization Act that are at risk of sliding another year for the  first time in 58 years.   Now what I want to talk about is what is at stake if we can't reach  an agreement with Speaker Pelosi specifically in the Personnel  Subcommittee.   I actually requested the Personnel Subcommittee because I wanted to  focus on the business of the Department of Defense, and I wanted to  focus on military families and on the soldiers' health and safety.   If we do not pass provisions that passed out of my subcommittee and  that are in the National Defense Authorization Act that passed out of  the Senate, here is what is at stake:   There is a pay raise for every soldier, sailor, and marine--a 3.1- percent pay raise that they could lose this year as a result of not  gaining agreement.   We have a lot of provisions in there for military housing. I am from  North Carolina, and we have two very large installations in North  Carolina--Fort Bragg, the home of the Global Response Force, and Camp  Lejeune, home to a bigger population of marines than any military  installation in the world.   They are in housing today that needs to be outfitted. They are in  housing that, quite honestly, is unsafe. This National Defense  Authorization Act makes progress to make sure that the families that  are housed on bases are in safe, clean settings, and quite honestly, in  some cases, they are not today, which is why we have bipartisan support  for the provisions we put into our subcommittee mark.   Another thing that we are working on--it is very difficult for one  who doesn't come from a military background to understand how  challenging it is for a spouse to get a job for the brief period of  time that they may be in one military installation or another. This  mark has provisions in it to make sure that military spouses get  employment opportunities as quickly as possible and to cut through a  lot of the red tape that they are dealing with today. That provision is  at risk.   We have also taken major steps and tried to prevent or reduce  military sexual assault. Provisions in this bill, I am convinced,  because they were voted out on a bipartisan basis, are at risk because  we can't seem to get agreement with Speaker Pelosi's House.   Another very important area is in places like North Carolina. In  North Carolina, Camp Lejeune alone experienced over $3.5 billion in  damages as the result of the most recent hurricane, and Fort Bragg is  still trying to recover from a hurricane that happened about 2 and a  half years ago. There are authorities in there to make sure that we can  rebuild these facilities. Military housing, as well as offices and  other training facilities at Camp Lejeune, could slip another year if  we allow what I think right now is the impasse between the House and  the Senate to move forward.   These are all very, very important provisions in the National Defense  Authorization Act. These are all provisions that got bipartisan support  from this body. If you all have been watching Congress, you know that  we can have our disagreements. There are certain things that we just  simply aren't going to see eye to eye on, but we see eye to eye on the  National Defense Authorization Act. That is why I do not understand how  the House would not come to the table and pass something that we have  successfully passed for every year of my life.   I am 59 years old. This could be the first time in 58 years that we  run the risk of not showing the respect that I think the men and women  in the military, in uniform, deserve, to give them the authority to be  trained properly, to not run the risk of working with old authorities  that could diminish training and readiness and capabilities. This is  about these folks that have sworn to defend the Constitution and our  freedom, and we can't take the time to bridge the gap and eliminate the  other reasons that divide us and at least come together on something  for 58 years we have seen our way clear to passing and making progress,  for men and women in uniform, for soldiers, sailors, and marines and  for their families.   So I am for the Speaker of the House and the Members of the House to  come to terms and pass what we have done successfully for decades. We  owe it to the men and women in uniform, and we owe it to every American  to understand what is at stake if we all of a sudden slide for a year  while our adversaries continue to gain ground.   I hope that my colleagues will continue to come together and pass  this bipartisan legislation. It is within reach and absolutely an  expectation, I think, of every Member of Congress to show our men and  women in uniform respect by doing our job.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   