 I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  neccesarily absent.    Mr. President, I was in my office and just learned, by  Senator Grassley's floor speech, about the passing of Berkley Bedell,  and I just wanted to add my voice to his.   He was a wonderful man. I served with him in the House of  Representatives. Spirit Lake was his home area in Iowa. He was a really  knowledgeable man when it came to issues of agriculture, and I didn't  learn until many years later that he was a very successful businessman  in the fishing tackle business, if I remember correctly, and sporting  goods. He had many interests.   He was a spirited, friendly, good person who worked hard at his job  and was a credit to the U.S. House of Representatives, regardless of  party, and I think Senator Grassley's remarks reflect that.   I am going to miss his annual Christmas card. He and his wife--she  passed away just recently, as well--would send a card about the comings  and goings of their big, old family. It was a big oversized card, and I  always looked forward to it.   I feel honored to have been able to serve with him. I thank my  colleague and friend Senator Grassley from Iowa for paying tribute to  him.    Mr. President, I am going to take a chance this afternoon  and vote for one of the President's nominees. Some of my colleagues  have come up to me and said I am making a big mistake, and I hope I am  not.   His name is Stephen Hahn. He is a medical doctor and an oncologist  from MD Anderson in Texas, and he has been named to serve as the Food  and Drug Administration Commissioner.   This is a relatively small agency by Federal standards that has a  major-size impact on the lives of Americans and beyond. I think it is  one of our most important agencies. It regulates so many things  relating to safety and quality of life, and Dr. Hahn would come to this  position at an auspicious moment in our history.   I refer, of course, to the fact that we are now battling a vaping  epidemic across the United States of America.   The Presiding Officer, from Utah, and I have worked on this together,  and I thank him for his leadership in this regard.   I look at Dr. Hahn and I think of all the questions that I have asked  him. I had a face-to-face meeting with him in my office and then had  him on the phone last night for another half hour, and he was very  patient in answering my questions.  [[Page S6973]]    I asked him about the vaping crisis we face, the epidemic that we  face. He readily concedes that this is something he feels very strongly  about.   The latest disclosure from the youth tobacco report suggests that 28  percent or more of high school students across the United States are  currently using e-cigarettes or vaping. Yesterday, I had a group of  high school students from New York who asked to see me, and they said:  Senator, you are wrong. It is over half.   A majority of the students in high school now are using JUUL devices,  or vaping devices, and these flavors, and they have developed nicotine  addictions, which have become controlling in their lives and it affects  the way they feel and the way they perform as students.   That is why it is so important, from my point of view, for Dr. Hahn  to make this a major priority. He assured me that he would. He reminded  me that he is a lung cancer doctor, and we had a long conversation  about my father, who died of that disease, and tobacco and the impact  it had on his life. I felt sincerity on the part of the doctor when he  was discussing this.   We talked about working with Dr. Azar, who has been an ally in this  conversation about controlling vaping devices and cigarettes.   He said that regardless of how I voted for him, he would look forward  to working with me. I am going to vote for him as the new FDA  Commissioner. It is a leap of faith because I am not certain where the  President of the United States is at this moment.   The Presiding Officer was at a meeting a couple of weeks ago in the  White House, and I have commended him for the questions he asked there,  hoping to hold the President and First Lady to their promise of  September 15 to really take on this epidemic of vaping and e- cigarettes. I don't know at this moment whether he is going to continue  in that effort or whether the vaping industry has diverted him to a  different point of view.   Dr. Hahn may find himself in a compromised position soon, and I told  him as much. If it comes to the point where the President has abandoned  his effort against vaping and the industry is going to prevail, then, I  am afraid that Dr. Hahn is going to be wearing the collar for some of  the things that follow. Even though he may not even agree with the  President's conclusion, he will be working for the President as part of  his administration.   Dr. Hahn said to me: I don't want to be known in history as the head  of the FDA who saw this epidemic grow dramatically when it comes to  vaping by young people.   I am going to give him my vote, and I do it with the hope that he  will have a persuasive voice with Dr. Azar and the administration to  move in the right direction.   I applauded President Trump--which is unusual from my side of the  aisle--when he made his initial decision to take action against e- cigarettes, and I would like to applaud him again. I hope he will  resume this effort. I hope the First Lady, who rarely gets engaged in  issues but seems to feel very strongly about this, will join us in  persuading the President to keep true to his promise of September 15.   I will be supporting Dr. Hahn's nomination for FDA Commissioner.    Mr. President, I oppose the nomination of Lawrence  VanDyke to fill a Nevada seat on the Ninth Circuit. When my Republican  colleagues decided to abandon blue slips for circuit court seats, many  on our side warned that we would start to see nominees with little  connection to the States in which they were nominated to sit. Those  warnings are coming true. We saw it earlier this year, when the Senate  approved the nomination of Daniel Bress to fill a California seat on  the Ninth Circuit, even though he had barely lived or practiced in  California as an adult.   Now, we are seeing it again with Mr. VanDyke, whose ties to Nevada  are minimal. He did not grow up in Nevada or attend any schools there.  He did not move to Nevada until 2015, after he had lost a race for the  State supreme court of Montana. He did not become an active member of  the Nevada Bar until October 2017. He does not have family ties to  Nevada. He does not currently live in Nevada. Since he moved to  Virginia 8 months ago, he has not been to Nevada even once. Mr.  VanDyke's only real tie to Nevada is that he was given a job there for  a few years as solicitor general, apparently as a landing spot after he  lost his race in Montana.   There are many longtime members of the Nevada legal community who are  well qualified to serve as a Federal circuit court judge. But none of  them will get the chance to fill this seat. Instead, Senate Republicans  are going to rubber-stamp someone with minimal Nevada ties for this  Nevada judgeship. How would my colleagues like it if that happened to  their States? Mr. VanDyke also has a deeply troubling record.   When he was Montana's solicitor general, we saw from his emails that  he allowed political considerations to guide litigation decisions. For  example, in a 2013 email, he urged that Montana join an amicus brief  supporting the NRA in a cert petition involving a challenge to a gun  law on the books. VanDyke wrote, ``I'm not sure I agree with the  strategy of bringing this case to SCOTUS, but I think we want to be on  the record as on the side of gun rights and the NRA.''   I am troubled that, for his judicial election campaign, he filled out  an NRA endorsement questionnaire in which he said he agreed that ``gun  control laws are misdirected.'' He also has a lengthy history of  criticizing and undermining LGBTQ rights. This includes his 2004 column  where he wrote that there is, ``ample reason for concern that same-sex  marriage will hurt families, and consequently children and society.''   Mr. VanDyke is the ninth Trump judicial nominee who has been rated  ``Not Qualified'' by the ABA, out of over 260 Trump nominees the ABA  has reviewed. The ABA conducts a peer review process. In VanDyke's  case, the ABA interviewed 60 attorneys and judges who knew him and his  work.   Mr. VanDyke's peers said that Mr. VanDyke ``is arrogant, lazy, an  ideologue, and lacking in knowledge of the day-to-day practice  including procedural rules,'' ``does not always have a commitment to  being candid and truthful,'' and ``in some oral arguments, he missed  issues fundamental to the analysis of the case.'' These were scathing  comments from dozens of judges and lawyers who know Mr. VanDyke and his  work well.   In short, it is no surprise that both of Nevada's Senators oppose  this nomination. I agree with them. I will oppose the VanDyke  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massahusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.  [[Page S6986]]     I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.   