 Mr. President, I am on the floor to join my colleagues  Senator Blumenthal and those who will speak afterward.   It has been 113 days since the House of Representatives passed H.R.  8, the bipartisan background checks bill. We have a proposal before the  Senate as well, and we are here to make a simple request: Bring this  bill up for a debate. Let us do our work as the U.S. Senate on an issue  that dominates headlines, dominates kitchen table conversation, and  steals from this country 36,000 lives a year, 3,000 a month, and 100 a  day. Those are the number of people who are killed by gunshot wounds.  [[Page S3818]]    Each one of their stories is different. These are mostly suicides;  many of them are homicides; accidental shootings; some are mass  shootings that make the headlines, but no one can escape this horror  today.   In my son's school, he has to go through an active-shooter drill  every year. Think about the trauma we put kids through preparing for a  stranger to walk into their classroom with a weapon.   Just this past weekend, 32 people were shot and 6 were killed in 1  city alone, the city of Philadelphia, including 24-year-old Isiaka  Meite, who died this weekend. He was at a cookout to celebrate a  graduation and to also celebrate Father's Day, and he along with four  teenagers were shot while out celebrating. That is the reality of what  happened in just one single city.   So I get it that the bill that passed the House of Representatives  may not be the bill that could get 60 votes in the Senate, but what is  so offensive to many of us who have lived with this epidemic--it is  personal to everyone here--because I don't think there is an individual  in the Senate who hasn't had a one-on-one experience with a victim of  gun violence or the mother or father of someone who was killed. What is  so offensive is that we are not even trying. We are not even attempting  to find common ground.   The Senate used to do this. The Senate used to take big important  issues, put them on the floor, and spend at least a week's time trying  to figure out whether you could get 50 or 60 votes. We are not doing  that on anything in the U.S. Senate today. This place has become a  complete, total legislative graveyard. There is really nothing more  important to families out there than their ability to protect their  loved ones from harm. The fact that we are not trying to find consensus  on the issue of gun violence, that there is no interest to put H.R. 8  before this body so we can attempt to debate it, amend it, and come to  some consensus in the Senate is unconscionable to many of us.   I want to narrow my remarks on how exceptional this issue is from a  public opinion standpoint. I have been on the floor so many times  before talking about the evidence that points us to why background  checks are the most impactful intervention we can make.   In Missouri, where they got rid of their universal background checks  requirement, and guns started to flow into the community through gun  shows and internet sales without a background check, homicide rates  went up by 40 percent and reports of Missouri-bought illegal guns found  in other neighboring States skyrocketed.   It is the exact opposite effect in Connecticut. Years ago,  Connecticut put in place a universal background check requirement tied  to a local permit. Research showed that reduced our gun homicide rate  by around 40 percent. So the evidence is there.   Let's just talk about public opinion on this matter because there is  really nothing like background checks today in the public  consciousness. Today polls will show that 97 percent of Americans  believe that everybody should go through a background check before they  purchase a weapon. There is nothing else in America today that gets 97  percent support. I mean, there is nothing else that gets 97 percent  support. These are actual numbers. Apple pie is supported by 81 percent  of Americans. Kittens only get 76 percent support from the American  public today, and baseball, the American pastime, has the support of  only two-thirds of Americans. Yet 97 percent of Americans believe  someone should fill out a form proving they are not a criminal or  seriously mentally ill before buying a gun. Universal background  checks, while here in Congress seemingly a very controversial,  politically charged issue, is more popular than apple pie, kittens, or  baseball. These are actual numbers.    I don't mean to make light of this. I just need to drive home the  point that no matter if you represent a Republican-leaning State or a  Democratic-leaning State, a State that voted for Donald Trump or a  State that voted for Hillary Clinton, your constituents want you to  vote for universal background checks.   Let me just give the full panoply of public opinion on this. The  number of people who support background checks is 97 percent today.  That includes 90 percent of gun owners. I can back that up with plenty  of anecdotal experience from my State. When I talk to gun owners, many  who assume I have a hidden agenda and who believe I want to confiscate  their guns--when I sit and talk to them about background checks, they  say: Of course. It took me 5 minutes. I don't want people who are  criminals to get their hands on guns. Everybody should go through a  background check. Ninety percent of gun owners think this is a good  idea.   This is not new data. Back in 2012, prior to the shooting in Sandy  Hook, 74 percent of NRA members who were polled said they supported  requiring criminal background checks. A year later, in April 2013, a  Washington Post poll showed that 91 percent of Americans supported  background checks.   In July of 2014, a Quinnipiac poll found that 92 percent of Americans  supported background checks, including, in that poll, 86 percent of  Republicans and 92 percent of Independents, 90 percent of men and 94  percent of women and 92 percent of gun-owning households. You don't get  below 90 in any constituency.   In September 2015, another poll showed 93 percent of Americans  support it and 90 percent of Republicans.   A CBS poll from 2016 shows that 89 percent of Americans supported it,  including 92 percent of Republicans.   In March of 2017, a Pew Research Center poll found that 77 percent of  gun owners and 87 percent of non-gun owners supported background  checks.   Then the February Quinnipiac 2018 poll found 97 percent of Americans  support background checks.   These are stunning numbers. They are stunning numbers. Again, they  don't require everybody in this Chamber to support the bill that passed  the House of Representatives, but it has been 113 days since H.R. 8  passed, which is broadly supported by 90 percent of Americans, and we  still have not had that bill or any version of this measure brought up  before this body for debate or an attempt to find consensus.   This is the running theme. We are talking a lot about the Senate  becoming a graveyard for legislation because, in my lifetime, I have  read stories about the Senate working through big issues, having  serious debates--sometimes not coming to a completed product, sometimes  ending up stymied but more than not figuring out a way where 50 or 60  votes could be achieved.   The House is passing legislation--healthcare legislation, anti- violence legislation, clean elections legislation--and all of it is  coming here to die, not because we can't find consensus but because we  don't even try to find consensus. In those 113 days, approximately,  11,000 people have been killed by guns. That is a number that finds no  equal in any other high-income nation. I can talk to you about the  variety of reasons for it. Some of them can be solved by us; some of  them can't.   America is a unique nation with a unique history. We are, indeed, a  melting pot of races, ethnicities, and backgrounds. By virtue of that,  we were likely going to be a more violent nation from the start. I  admit that, but we have poured kerosene on this fire by having the  loosest gun laws, a set of laws that are not supported by 90 percent of  Americans who are asking us to do something different.   So we are on the floor today asking, begging, pleading with Senator  McConnell and Republican leadership to at least bring H.R. 8, the  Bipartisan Background Checks Act, or some version of it before the  Senate so we can have a debate on the most important, most vital issue  to Americans today--their physical safety.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, there is a reason Article I of the  Constitution is about the structures around the legislative branch and  Article II of the Constitution imagines structures around the executive  branch. It was the legislative branch that was most important to the  Founders. It was rooted in the desires and dreams and priorities of the  people. The way in which we structure ourselves and how we have become  chosen to these bodies has changed over the years, but we are Article I  for a reason.   The division of labor between the Article I branch and the Article II  branch was not limited only to domestic policy. The Founding Fathers  spent a lot of time talking about making sure that the Article I branch  had a significant say, a dispositive say over foreign matters as well.  That is why we have the power to declare war, not the executive. That  is why we have the power of the purse when it comes to funding overseas  activities, and it is the reason Congress gave itself the power to have  oversight over the arms that we sell to the rest of the world. It is  because these arms and the relationships that surround the sale of  these arms are amongst the most important foreign policy decisions that  we make.   We don't have to look far to understand how arms sales can go wrong  very quickly. It was the arms that we sold either overtly or covertly  to the rebel forces in Afghanistan that ended up becoming the arms used  by some of the most vicious terrorist groups that eventually attacked  the United States. It was arms that we sold to Syrian rebels that ended  up in the hands of the extremist Sunni Muslim groups there that we  were, in fact, fighting. So we have good reason for historically coming  together, Republicans and Democrats, to ask these questions about arms  sales.   I agree with Senator Cardin in that, if we let this emergency  declaration go without protest, without a vote, I don't know whether we  are ever going to get the power to oversee arms sales back as body, and  it will be just another mechanism by which we fritter away our coequal  responsibility to determine the course of America's role in the world  to a growing imperial Presidency, especially when it comes to matters  of foreign affairs.   I want to be clear with my colleagues and the Presiding Officer that  I didn't just adopt this view when I became a member of the minority  party. I didn't just decide that this was important when Donald Trump  became President.  [[Page S4128]]  In fact, I brought a resolution of disapproval of this very similar  arms sale under President Obama.   I note there were 24 Members of this body--20 or so of them  Democrats--who voted to maintain our prerogative to vote against that  arms sale. There were 20 members of the Democratic Party who were  willing to vote, in a sense, to cancel out a sale that had been  proposed by a Democratic President. So, on this side of the aisle, we  have been willing to hold to this principle whether the President is of  our party or is of a different party. It is because we think this is a  nonpartisan principle.   I agree with Senator Menendez and Senator Cardin in that, if we don't  take a positive vote here, we are potentially giving away this priority  forever. This emergency that exists in the Middle East is not a new  emergency. You could argue that if the emergency is related to Iranian  behavior, it is one that has been created, in part, by this President's  policies. It, frankly, invites any President, Democrat or Republican,  to be able to just point to one of the various crises in the Middle  East, of which there is always one, as the reason by which Congress  just can't be bothered to weigh in on this particular arms sale.   Second and lastly, I want to quickly go over a case that I have made  several times on the floor of the Senate. That is the case that, I  think, is shared by most smart watchers of the Middle East, which is  that there really is not a national security disaster for the United  States that equals that of Yemen today.   First of all, it is a humanitarian nightmare, and it is not one of  these humanitarian nightmares that was caused by a drought or a famine  and over which the United States is just looking and watching. It is a  humanitarian disaster that we are, in part, causing. We are selling the  bombs that are being dropped in a country where 100,000 children under  the age of 5 have died of starvation and disease, where tens of  thousands have been killed by conflict and the bombs that are dropping.  They are dropping on school buses, on Doctors Without Borders'  facilities, on churches, and weddings. These are not all by mistake.  Many of them are purposeful.   We have never seen a cholera outbreak like the one that we have  today--never in our lifetimes. Just this week, the head of the U.N.  relief mission there rushed here to Congress to give us devastating  news. I don't know whether all of my colleagues were able to meet with  her or get a briefing from her, but the head of the relief work in  Yemen told us that there are a quarter million Yemenis who are so sick  and so malnourished that they are beyond saving. A quarter million  Yemenis are going to die this summer and this fall.   The Saudis and the Emiratis have stopped funding the relief work, and  they have stopped funding the World Health Organization and the World  Food Programme. They are all closing up shop. The conflict is bigger  and in more places than ever before. The bombing has not stopped, and  the money from the contestants is no longer flowing. This fall, we will  see a catastrophic loss of life in Yemen that the world has not seen in  a very, very long time.   Second, this is all coming back to haunt the United States, these  bombs that are being dropped. This famine that exists is not seen as a  Saudi-caused famine; it is seen as a U.S.-Saudi-caused famine. So these  young Yemenis--and they are mostly young--are being radicalized against  the United States, and there are willing places and willing contestants  for their allegiance who are gobbling them up. Al-Qaida and ISIS have  never been stronger in Yemen.   I will admit we have made some military progress against them in the  last couple of years, but from the beginning of the conflict to today,  they are much stronger than ever before, and they have more potential  recruits than ever before because of our actions there.   Third, there is no change in battle lines. Sit down with the maps of  what the Houthis control and what the coalition controls. They are,  essentially, the same today as they were a year ago or 2 years ago.  Senator Cardin is right in that there is no military solution here. The  more bombs the coalition drops, the more mercenary armies they bring in  from Sudan and other places, and the more the battle lines just harden.   Fourth, Iran gets stronger and stronger by the day. When this all  started, the Houthis were not a proxy force of the Iranians. They  relied on them. Yet, as the war goes on and our country stands  unwilling to negotiate a peace and we remain only willing to fund the  war, Iran gets deeper and deeper into the Houthis. When the political  settlement is finally achieved, Iran will have much more of a footprint  in Yemen than had we ended the war last year or the year before.   Lastly, just to underscore this point that others have made in the  context of these gross, grave Saudi human rights abuses, whether it be  the Americans who are there whom they are locking up today and  torturing or whether it be the dismemberment of Jamal Khashoggi as  reported on most recently by the United Nations, America just looks so  fundamentally weak in the world. It looks so fundamentally weak in the  world when the Saudis stick a finger in our eye by grabbing a U.S.  resident and dismembering him in their consulate and then lie to us  about it until the evidence is so incontrovertible that they have to  tell the truth.   The result of that is we draw them closer in. Our Secretary of State  goes to Saudi Arabia; it is not the Saudis who are coming to us. We  offer them more nuclear secrets, and we give them more weapons. Then,  inside this deal, not only do we give them weapons, but we actually  grant them coproduction of some of the most sensitive technology that  we own, which is of our smart bombs. That is the kind of deal that you  do if the other party has leverage on you. We give coproduction to  countries when we feel like we are the weaker party. We are giving the  coproduction of smart bombs--we are going to vote on this tomorrow. We  are giving the coproduction of smart bombs to a country that just  chopped up an American resident into little pieces and lied to us about  it. What a world we are living in.   It is important for this body to stand up for itself sometimes. It is  not to stand up for your party, not to stand up for your particular  principles or to stand up for yourself. I think I can make the case to  vote for these resolutions based just on our institutional prerogative.  The war itself is a national security nightmare for us.   I said this when President Obama was perpetuating it, and I say it  here today. So, for me, this has nothing to do with who is in the White  House. I believed this from the start, and many of us have believed it  from the beginning. Even if you don't believe in standing up for our  prerogative as an institution, standing up for American national  security compels you to vote against these sales tomorrow.   I thank Senator Menendez for being such a strong, resolute voice not  just for the principle of standing up for human rights but for the  principle of standing up for this body. I am glad to stand by his side  and by so many others who are sponsors of this, and I am glad that he  has brought us to the floor this evening.   I yield the floor.   