 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to support my bipartisan  amendment that would help provide critical protections for all  Americans and their right to due process under the Constitution.   My amendment would prohibit the use of funds for adoptive seizures.  These forfeiture options provide a loophole that helps local law  enforcement evade stricter State laws, like my own in Michigan,  governing civil asset forfeiture by seizing property and transferring  it to Federal authorities in exchange for up to 80 percent of  forfeiture proceeds.   For many years, I have worked in a bipartisan way to shine a light on  civil asset forfeiture abuses.   In Michigan, Terry Dekho isn't a household name, but his story serves  as a cautionary tale. Terry was a small grocer who had tens of  thousands of dollars seized by the IRS without any criminal charges  filed against him. He was a law-abiding citizen, in fact, and he had to  fight in court to get his hard-earned savings back.   The Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund contains proceeds  from equitable sharing agreements between the Federal Government and  local law enforcement. These arrangements create perverse incentives to  seek out forfeiture opportunities, and it is used to circumvent State- enacted civil forfeiture reforms, again, like those that have been  enacted in Michigan.   What is worse is that civil asset forfeiture disproportionately  affects minorities and individuals who cannot afford to represent  themselves.   I would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives Raskin,  McClintock, Rush, Amash, Cardenas, and Gabbard, for their support on  this amendment.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the comments of my good friend  and colleague from Alabama. We are not attempting to take away civil  asset forfeiture as a tool. We are simply saying that due process ought  to be carried out in every part of our judicial process and our law  enforcement process.   We are talking about people here--for instance, Terry Dekho, who was  informed by his insurance company that they would not insure any assets  at his grocery beyond $10,000. Each day, he took in his $10,000 or  less, whatever it was, and it made a pattern. Ultimately, $35,000 of  his hard-earned assets were frozen. For a small grocer, $35,000 is life  or death for his business.   All we are asking is for due process to be followed. Attorney General  Holder, I think, saw the error of our ways when he reversed and made  revisions that, ultimately, Attorney General Sessions reversed as well.   I think we need to go back. We still have the opportunity to use the  process but use it with due process. That is all I ask.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   