 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this Sunday, I have the honor of joining  some of the most courageous, faithful, and inspiring Texans whom I ever  met for the grand opening and dedication of their new church.   These men and women are part of the congregation at the First Baptist  Church of Sutherland Springs. For the vast majority of its 100-year  history, this small church was adored by members of the community as a  place of worship, but it didn't get much attention on the national  stage. On November 5, 2017, all of that changed when a deranged shooter  opened fire on their Sunday service, killing 26 parishioners--adults,  teenagers, children, and an unborn baby. The church became the site of  the deadliest mass shooting in Texas history.   This violent attack rocked the entire small, tight-knit town to its  core. Every home, every family, and every person felt the impact of the  shooter's actions, but what emerged wasn't more of the hatred and anger  displayed by the shooter. Instead, Sutherland Springs became a beacon  of love and hope. The day of the attack I spoke with Wilson County  Sheriff Joe Tackitt and offered my condolences and complete support.  Sheriff Tackitt told me about the day's events and said the bloody  scene inside the First Baptist Church was horrific, but the response to  the tragedy was instantaneous. First responders from the surrounding  area, as well as State and Federal law enforcement officials, inundated  Sutherland Springs with resources and help.   In the days and weeks following the attack, the support continued.  Folks from across the country made their way to this small town outside  of San Antonio to pay their respects, leaving flowers outside the  church, singing songs of worship, and extending a caring hand to those  grieving.   I joined the congregation 1 week after the shooting for their Sunday  service, and it was an emotional experience, to be sure. I was there to  offer what I could in terms of support and hope to this grieving  community, but what happened was just the opposite. They were the ones  giving me inspiration.   That day, as the associate pastor pointed out, the church smashed  attendance records. It was remarkable to see not only the church  community but also complete strangers embracing one another, offering a  shoulder to cry on or a hand to hold.   There was perhaps no more moving occurrence than Pastor Frank  Pomeroy. He and his wife lost their teenage daughter in the shooting.   One week after that occurred, he opened that service saying: ``We  have the freedom to choose, and rather than choose darkness like the  young man did that day, we choose the light.''   Coming from a man who lost 26 beloved members of his congregation,  including his own daughter, those words are tough to get your brain  around. When he was going through what I have no doubt was the toughest  moment of his life, Pastor Pomeroy was comforting those of us in the  audience and reminding us not to let evil triumph.   As more details about the shooter emerged, that message of hope was  even more important to recall. We learned that the shooter had a long  history of violence, and a number of red flags had been raised--school  suspensions, comments about wanting to kill his superiors, animal  abuse, and violence toward those closest to him. He had choked his  wife, fractured his stepson's skull, and done time in military prison.   Under existing Federal laws, the shooter was prohibited from ever  purchasing or possessing a firearm. It was illegal. So how did he get  his hands on this weapon that he used to take 26 innocent lives?   Well, in short, it was because of a broken system. He was able to  purchase four firearms because information about his criminal history  was never uploaded into the National Instant Criminal Background Check  System, also known as NICS.   In the wake of the tragedy, you always wonder, how did this happen  and, more importantly, what can we possibly do to prevent something  like this from happening again? Well, in this case, one answer was  pretty clear. We have to fix the National Criminal Instant Background  Check System so gun purchasers can't lie and buy firearms that they are  already legally disqualified from purchasing or possessing.   Eleven days after the shooting, it became clear to me how this system  had broken down. The Air Force had simply failed to upload this  information into the background checks system so it wasn't there when  this shooter bought those guns. In response, I introduced the Fix NICS  Act to reform the system and ensure that all Federal agencies  accurately and correctly upload these required conviction records. This  legislation also encourages States and local jurisdictions, to the  extent possible under the Constitution, to do exactly the same. We  can't make them do it, but we can encourage them to do it and  facilitate their doing so.   It has been estimated that some 7 million records, including at least  25 percent of felony convictions and a large number of convictions for  misdemeanor domestic violence, are absent from NICS--7 million records,  including 25 percent of felony convictions, and a large number of  convictions for domestic violence were absent from the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System.   How in the world can we expect that system to work to protect us and  our communities if, in fact, the required information is not being  uploaded? Each missing record represents a unique opportunity for  someone like the shooter at Sutherland Springs to slip through the  cracks. So we knew what we had to do to change that.   I worked with my colleagues in the Senate, on a bipartisan basis, and  encouraged them to support the Fix NICS Act. I was heartened and  encouraged by the bipartisan support we got. This legislation passed  with 77 Members of the Senate serving as cosponsors. When the President  signed this bill into law, it marked a major achievement and step  forward and delivered on the promise I made to myself following Pastor  Pomeroy's advice: focus on the light and not on the darkness.   I am grateful for the support of my colleagues who cosponsored and  voted for this legislation, which has made our background check system  stronger. It actually made it so it will work the way Congress  originally intended when it created the National Instant Criminal  Background Check System maintained by the FBI.   I have and will continue to work with the officials at the Department  of Justice to ensure that this law is fully implemented as soon as  possible.  [[Page S2905]]    I look forward to joining my friends at the First Baptist Church of  Sutherland Springs this week to honor those they lost and to celebrate  the grand opening of their new worship center and education building.   Today I once again extend my deepest condolences to the families of  those lost and to the community that continues to grieve. They have my  full support, and I vow to do everything in my power to prevent this  type of senseless violence from becoming the norm. No family, no  congregation, no community should ever lose a loved one because of an  entirely preventable crime. I hope because of this legislation, they  never will.   I will just say, in conclusion on this topic, what consolation, what  comfort can you give to someone grieving the loss of a loved one? I can  only think of one thing; that as a result of their loss and their  sacrifice, some good will come out of it. I think the only way to  reconcile your grief and your loss is knowing that out of your loss,  something good will come out of it. I can genuinely say that as a  result of the loss of these 26 parishioners at the First Baptist Church  of Sutherland Springs, we will save lives in the future. There will be  lives saved and lives lived as a result of their sacrifice and what we  have done working together to try to prevent those types of acts of  senseless, preventable violence from occurring in the future.   