 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to, as these other gentlemen  have before me, honor a man who gave everything he had to his God, his  family, and his country. These three great loyalties guided the life of  Major Brent Taylor and the lives of his devoted wife and children.   As has been indicated, I come from generations of military service.  Some of my family had the great honor of serving with Major Taylor. We  know from personal experience the great leader and the great man that  he was.   Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago, Brent Taylor, hand in hand with his new  fiancee, Jennie, walked into a recruiting office to enlist in the Army.  Since then, this man and his family--and it is so important that we  remember his family and the many other families of military members who  sacrifice and serve as well--have lived a life of patriotic exemplary  service.   He deployed twice to Iraq--in 2006 and again in 2007--and served in  Afghanistan in 2012.   For his outstanding dedication to duty during combat operations in  Iraq, Major Taylor was awarded the Bronze Star. This citation credited  the ability of Major Taylor to think calmly and decisively to keep his  subordinates safe while traversing more than 600,000  [[Page H2339]]  miles throughout Iraq, areas riddled with improvised explosive devices  and ripe for ambush.   This award recognized Major Taylor's tendency to do more than just  carry out the assigned task. He was a man who went above and beyond to  make a positive difference in the world, believing his actions to be a  small sacrifice compared to what so many in our Nation's history have  given up to keep this the land of the free and the home of the brave.   Such exemplary service is equally evident in his life outside of the  military. After serving as a city councilman, his community and  neighbors so entrusted him to lead that they elected him to be the  mayor of North Ogden City.   In this role, Major Taylor's initiatives included improvements to  public works and infrastructure, attracting businesses to the area, and  developing a local community center.   The citizens of the community loved his snowplow updates--in Utah, we  get a lot of snow--and his ability to see potential and possibility in  everything around him.   Serving as mayor was one of the greatest honors of Major Taylor's  life and the highlight of his civilian professional career. He believed  that service is really what leadership is about.   On January 8, 2018, Major Taylor announced that he would temporarily  step down as mayor to continue his service as a member of the Army  National Guard on what would be his fourth and final deployment.   He didn't deploy just once, not twice, not three times, but four  times he answered the call to serve. And once again, remembering his  family, they answered the call to allow their husband and their father  to serve.   This man recognized that there was an immediate need for his  experience and skills and gracefully rose to accept the call to serve  in our Nation's longest war in Afghanistan.   In his final months of deployment, Major Taylor was killed by an  apparent inside attack on November 3, 2018, while training Afghan  security forces.   A loving husband and devoted father, Major Taylor is survived by his  wife, Jennie, and, as you see here, his seven beautiful children:  Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline.   One thing I am certain Major Taylor would say: His family was far and  away the most important thing in his life. Nothing made him more proud  or meant more to him than his wife and his children.   The impression that Major Taylor left was profound. He called on each  of us to find some way to brighten someone else's day, to lift  another's burden, to make our city, our State, our country, our Nation  a better place.   This man and his family paid the ultimate sacrifice to fulfill this  call, so it is only well and fitting that, as a tribute to this amazing  life, Congress name a facility in honor of his shining example of  service and sacrifice.   As has been mentioned, the Department of Veterans Affairs Outstation  in North Ogden City will provide a range of services to help guide  veterans and their families as they transition from the military to  civilian life.   Major Taylor recognized that military service involves the entire  family. As such, I am proud to support the designation of this  facility, located in a city he loved and where he served and called  home, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation.   The naming of the building will never repay the debt the Nation owes  to Major Taylor and his family, but it can stand as a humble reminder  of the faithful man who lived and died in the service of his God, his  family, and his country.   