 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Congressman  Rutherford, my good friend, and Congresswoman Hill of California for  co-hosting this bipartisan Special Order hour in honor of our law  enforcement officers. I am proud to serve with you both as a member of  the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus, co-chaired by our friend,  Congressman Bill Pascrell.   Madam Speaker, we are here today to commemorate Police Week and to  honor all the brave law enforcement officers in New Jersey and across  the country who put their lives on the line every day to protect our  communities. They get our backs, and we should always get theirs. There  is nothing partisan about that.   In 1962 President John F. Kennedy declared May 15 to be Police  Officers Memorial Day and this week to be Police Week. Established by a  joint resolution of Congress in 1962, National Police Week pays special  recognition to those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives  in the line of duty for the safety and protection of others. Already  this year, 43 police officers have died in the line of duty across the  United States. We will never forget their bravery, service, and  sacrifice. May God bless them and their families.   Madam Speaker, police officers are America's heroes, and I am so  deeply grateful to all law enforcement officers, Federal, State, and  local, for what they do day in and day out, especially those in New  Jersey's Fifth District, my district, and across our State.   That is why, in Congress, I am committed to fighting for all our  sworn officers and first responders by making sure that our  municipalities and police departments have the resources, equipment,  and training they need to do their jobs safely and effectively. That  includes critical programs like the COPS and JAG grants, the  Bulletproof Vest Partnership program, and the Law Enforcement Support  Office excess equipment program.   We should also support the Thin Blue Line Act, which was referenced,  because our officers rely on us to get their backs and to make sure we  give them the resources they need to protect our families from violent  crimes, drug trafficking, domestic violence, homegrown terrorism, and  countless other threats.   I especially want to recognize all the men and women who took part in  the annual Police Unity Tour, riding some 300 miles to Washington in  honor of our fallen officers, and all of New Jersey's finest who are  here in Washington this week, including friends from the New Jersey  PBA, the New Jersey State Troopers, the Port Authority PBA, and many,  many others.   Just yesterday I was glad to spend some time with my friends, the  Port Authority Police and members of the Fair Lawn Police Department  Honor Guard who came to remember those whose names are forever  inscribed at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial here on the  Mall. Others from the State PBA and PBA police officers were here this  week as well. Together we are all fighting to fully fund and  reauthorize the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund in memory of the 37 Port  Authority police officers and countless others whom we lost that day  and for all the injured and ill 9/11 responders and survivors whom we  must do right by today.   Madam Speaker, I thank, again, my colleagues across the aisle who  have the backs of our first responders. But most of all, I am grateful  for every law enforcement officer for their solemn commitment to  protect and serve. We live in the greatest country in the world. With  our brave law enforcement protecting our communities, we are ensuring  always that our best days are ahead of us.   God bless our law enforcement officers and first responders, and may  God bless the United States of America.   