 Madam Chair, my amendment No. 337, which is included in  the en bloc amendment No. 13, clarifies that students holding or  expecting to receive their associate degree can apply for the  Technology and National Security Fellowship.   Section 239 of H.R. 2500 creates a new Technology and National  Security Fellowship program to help increase science, technology,  engineering and math recruitment in our national security agencies.  Those holding or expecting to receive undergraduate and graduate  degrees may apply to be placed in national security-focused positions  for one-year tours with pay.   In support expanding this kind of opportunity for young people to  serve their country.   But why exclude otherwise qualified applicants simply because they  are enrolled in an associate degree program at a community college?  Over a third of students nationwide and over half of part-time students  are in two-year colleges, according to the National Center for  Education Statistics. In many parts of our country, including my  district in the Northern Marianas, community college is the only option  for students pursuing higher education. Other Defense Department  programs for civilian students, such as the Science, Mathematics and  Research for Transformation scholarship program, are already open to  applicants from community college students. Let us include these  students, too, as long as they meet program standards, and expand the  selection pool of those who may serve as Technology and National  Security Fellows.   I urge the adoption of my amendment, so we can be sure that the  Technology and National Security Fellowship program is open to as many  qualified students as possible, regardless of what type of college they  happen to enroll in.   I ask my colleagues to support the en bloc amendment No. 13.   I would like to also express support for the following amendments to  H.R. 2500 I cosponsored.   Amendment No. 390 offered by Representative Velazquez of New York  extends to all U.S. territories, including the Northern Mariana  Islands, a provision in law that allows federal agencies to double the  value of a contract awarded to a Puerto Rico business for purposes of  the small business contracting goals. The amendment ensures equity and  further incentivize contracting opportunities for small businesses in  all the territories.   Amendment No. 182 offered by Representative Hastings of Florida  conveys the sense of Congress that the United States should promptly  begin negotiations on the renewal of the Compacts of Free Association  with our trusted allies in the Pacific--the freely associated states of  the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Republic of Palau, and the  Federated States of Micronesia.   We understand the strategic importance of these Pacific island  nations that provide the U.S. exclusive military use rights covering  huge swaths of land and waters in the Western Pacific. And we know what  is at stake for American interests and security with growing foreign  influence in the region.   The compacts will expire in a few short years. To keep America strong  in the Pacific, we must move towards expeditious negotiations on  renewing the compacts with our close allies so that Congress may act on  approving and funding the agreements.   Amendment No. 249 offered by Representative Lee of Nevada aims to  improve benefits and services to veterans through better accountability  measures and coordination between the Departments of Defense (DOD) and  Veterans Affairs (VA). The amendment clarifies the purpose of the  interagency program office (IPO) while also directing both departments  to allocate sufficient resources and authorities for the IPO. Requires  annual reports on IPO activities and quarterly reports on VA and DOD  funding to the IPO.   Amendment No. 63 offered by Representative Banks of Indiana helps  ensure smooth implementation of electronic health records (EHR) for  servicemembers and veterans by requiring the Department of Defense,  Coast Guard, and the Department of Veterans Affairs jointly develop a  comprehensive enterprise interoperability strategy.   Amendment No. 236 offered by Representative Lamb of Pennsylvania also  helps ensure smooth implementation of the EHR for servicemembers and  veterans by setting milestones for achieving interoperability of the  EHR. The amendment further requires DOD and VA to work with an  independent evaluator to assess and report to Congress on whether the  joint EHR is achieving those milestones.   I urge my colleagues to support these amendments.   