 Mr. President, I rise today, and I want to make it very  clear--it is going to be very short and succinct--that time is running  out on our coal miners. We need to fix this now--not in 2020 but now. I  will explain why.   We have over 13,000 coal miners who will lose their healthcare and  82,000 coal miners who will lose their pensions next year if we do not  do something now. That is why I am standing here before you. That is  why I am putting a hold on all legislative business coming through the  Senate until we get assurances.   This is not who I am. Anybody who knows me, knows I don't do this,  but I am so committed to the people who built this country and to a  commitment we had in a 1946 agreement with the Federal Government that  they would be able to have a pension and retirement for the very  difficult and very dangerous hard work that they do. They weren't  asking taxpayers or anyone else to bail them out. It was coming from  the sale of the product, the coal that they mine for the energy for  this country.   Only my bill, which is the Bipartisan American Miners Act, has  bipartisan support on both sides in the Senate and over in the House. I  know if Congress passed it, President Trump would sign it. I know that.   Can you imagine being one of the coal miners trying to enjoy your  holidays this year knowing that you might wake up January 1 with no  healthcare coverage and a reduction in your pension?   Let me explain to you the pensions. The average pension of a coal  miner--most of these are widows now because the miners might have  passed away--is $600 or less, so we are not talking about thousands of  dollars. We are not talking about that whatsoever. This is all the  means of sustaining a quality of life or helping them through a quality  of life.   These coal miners and their families deserve the peace of mind of  knowing  [[Page S6961]]  that the healthcare they have earned and the pensions they have paid-- these are things they have paid into and earned. They didn't take home  this money. It stayed right there in their investments. We can give  them that peace of mind today, and no legislative business will pass  without coal miners first.   I reluctantly say that we might be here through Christmas or we might  be here through New Year's, but I will do and make whatever sacrifice I  can for the people who made the sacrifice for us, and that is the coal  miners who provide the energy for us to be the greatest Nation on  Earth, for us basically to be the superpower of the world and the  leader of the free world. It is because of the energy they have  produced. If we can't honor that, then what do we honor, whom do we  honor, and what is our purpose for being here?   I ask each one of my colleagues to please talk to all of our leaders.  Let's come together sensibly. Let's make sure this is in the package we  put together, and we will continue business and be able to go home and  enjoy the holidays the same as they should be able to enjoy the  holidays. Our going home and their not being able to enjoy it is not  who we are; it is not the American dream; and it is not who we are as  Americans.   I yield the floor.   