 Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Chairwoman for yielding me  time.   During these heated times, we are accused of sometimes not listening  to each other. Well, we listened to them. They all wanted the  conference bills, and they have them. And I have heard today that what  we need is a compromise on border security, which is interesting,  because we are here on day 33 of the shutdown because of the  President's singular focus, almost an obsession, on a symbolic but  ineffective wall, not border security.   He is holding the government, its workers, and the services they  provide hostage because he has convinced himself, and surely his base,  that the wall will protect us from violent crime and end the flow of  illegal drugs.   If the President actually believes that border security is the end  goal of the wall, then fine, let's reopen the government and have that  debate, because our plans for border security actually work.   Enacting the bills before us today does nothing to preclude the  President from continuing to make his case on the wall. He and the  Republicans have simply concluded that by continuing to impose  suffering on Federal workers and the public that relies on them, it  strengthens their hand in negotiations in only one element of that, an  ineffective element, the wall. That is not the way our government is  designed to work, nor should it work. This is governing by extortion,  and we should all stand together to reject such tactics.   Democrats know that we can do more to strengthen border security, but  it has to be done in a smart and effective way. We know that more than  87 percent of the hard narcotics are coming through our official ports  of entry. A wall will do nothing to stop that.   That is why the Financial Services and General Government division of  this bill responsibly puts money where it is most critically needed. It  includes full funding for construction of two of the highest priority  ports of entry along the southwest border to help stem the flow of  illegal goods, narcotics, and people being smuggled into the country.   Overall, this conference agreement provides $1.6 billion for border  security, real border security, and we are prepared to do more. During  my visit to the southern border in October, I was briefed on security  needs, and I heard a lot about new cameras, sensors, radars mounted on  towers, vehicles to spot moving people and objects, and for drones to  surveil tough terrain, roads that are parallel to the border, all  things that actually work.   And at the ports of entry, they need new technology to eventually  scan all commercial and passenger vehicles for illegal drugs and  contraband. We can provide these resources. This bill shows that we are  willing and able to put a downpayment on these bipartisan solutions.  So, again, if it is about border security and that is why we are here,  then fine, let's pass the bill, reopen the government, and have that  debate.   