 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I would like to speak on a topic very  important to my wife Diana, to me, and, for that matter, to all of  Wyoming, and it should be important to all of America. It is a topic of  great importance in Wyoming. It is a topic at the core of what makes  Wyoming the Equality State. It is Wyoming Women's Suffrage Day  tomorrow.   I recently had the pleasure of introducing and, along with my friend  Senator Barrasso, passing S. Res. 430, which recognizes tomorrow,  December 10, 2019, as Wyoming Women's Suffrage Day.   Wyoming Women's Suffrage Day celebrates the contribution of women to  our great State and Wyoming's place in history as the trailblazer for  women's suffrage. One hundred and fifty years ago, on December 10,  1869, the Wyoming territory approved the first law in legislative  history recognizing women's inherent right to vote and to hold public  office--50 years before the enactment of the 19th Amendment to the  Constitution in 1920.   This historic step even preceded Wyoming statehood. The young  territory granted women the right to vote 20 years before becoming the  44th State admitted to the Union.   In fact, when Congress invited Wyoming to join the Union, they  demanded that women's suffrage be revoked, and the Wyoming  legislature--an all-men's legislature--said: ``We will remain out of  the Union 100 years rather than come in without the women.'' This  pioneering spirit is truly remarkable and something I keep in front of  my mind every day as I continue my work in the Senate.   Wyoming was not going to allow the acknowledgement of women's right  to vote to be ceremonial or artificial. In fact, 1 short year after  recognizing women's right to vote, women began holding public office  throughout Wyoming, serving as the first women in the United States to  do so.   In 1870, Esther Hobart Morris became the first female justice of the  peace, serving in South Pass City, WY. That year, Wyoming also saw the  country's first all-female jury and the first woman bailiff in the  room, Martha Symon Boies. Later, in 1894, Estelle Reel Meyer became  Wyoming's superintendent of public instruction--the first female in the  country to be elected to a statewide position. From 1920 to 1921,  Jackson, WY, was the first town in the United States governed  completely by women. These trailblazing women embodied the cowboy  values we hold dear and showed that Wyoming truly has earned its title  as an Equality State.    Just as they did in 1869, women's voices and their votes continue to  help build our economy and guide our democracy. Throughout history,  Wyoming has been home to many remarkable women and today still  recognizes how important women are to the success of the State. This  continued dedication to being the Equality State has made Wyoming home  to trailblazing women's organizations, such as the Wyoming Women's  Legislative Caucus, a nonpartisan caucus that advocates for the support  and leadership of women in all levels of government, and Climb Wyoming,  which helps single mothers transition to long-term self-sufficiency  through better paying jobs, including nontraditional jobs. That is the  key to Wyoming's economy. Climb Wyoming does this through innovative  programming that goes far beyond just job training. The Wyoming Women's  Business Center supports aspiring female entrepreneurs and business  owners through educational tools to help them plan, start, and grow  successful businesses. As a former small business owner myself, I know  how important these businesses are to the fabric of our great State.   Wyoming Women's Suffrage Day is a testament to the contributions  women make and have made and will continue to make in Wyoming and the  values that make our State stand out as an example to the rest of the  country. I look forward to working with Senator Barrasso and  Congresswoman Cheney to ensure Wyoming continues to do things the  cowboy way, striving to  [[Page S6900]]  hold the tradition of excellence and equity and equality well into the  future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   