 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I have spoken many times in this Chamber  about human health from my perspective as an orthopedic surgeon. Today,  I am here to talk about a different crisis that is facing our Nation.   Earlier today, 24 of my colleagues joined me in introducing a bill to  combat chronic wasting disease in cervid populations across this  country. Chronic wasting disease is a terrible degenerative brain  disease. It affects captive and wild deer, elk, moose, and caribou in  at least 26 States and several Canadian Provinces. It is highly  contagious and always fatal.   In my home State of Wyoming, chronic wasting disease was first  detected back in 1985. Since then, the Wyoming Game and Fish Department  has partnered with scientists, State wildlife managers, and Federal  Agencies to understand how the disease spreads. Many other state  agencies have forged similar partnerships to study the same things.  Over the last 34 years, their work has shown that the disease is spread  by prions, but how these prions actually infect animals remains a  mystery.   The disease can be transmitted through nose-to-nose contact, through  [[Page S1136]]  animal waste, or through carcasses of infected animals. Some studies  have suggested that prions can remain in affected soil for up to 16  years.   Well, there is a lot we still don't know about the disease, including  the risk to humans. Chronic wasting disease is a type of transmissible  spongiform encephalopathy, like bovine spongiform encephalopathy and  Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.   There are a number of diseases I studied in medical school from a  human standpoint that now seem to be affecting animals as well.   There have been no reported cases of this chronic wasting disease in  humans as of this time, but the Centers for Disease Control takes the  risk of human infection quite seriously. The CDC developed a list of  things people can do to reduce their own risk of consuming meat from an  infected animal. Across the country, many people rely on meat they  harvest from deer, moose, and elk to feed their families. For them  hunting is not a recreational activity but an important part of their  way of life.   Hunting also contributes tens of billions of dollars in economic  activity each year. Those dollars fund important wildlife research and  habitat conservation and contribute nearly 10,000 jobs in Wyoming  alone. Dollars derived from the sales of tags or hunting licenses and  hunting equipment are used by State wildlife agencies to carry out  important monitoring, management, and conservation work.   If this disease persists and we cannot instill confidence in the  public that the risk can be controlled, hunting will decrease. Fewer  licenses sold means less money for our wildlife agencies, which means  less research. So we need to act now.   Chronic wasting disease threatens the iconic deer, elk, and moose  herds that roam our State. It is a threat to our western heritage, but  it is not just a western problem. Chronic wasting disease has found its  way to Alabama, New York, and Pennsylvania. After finding the disease  late last year, the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency now requires  hunters to check in their deer at physical locations to check for  infection. The Muley Fanatic Foundation in Wyoming, which does  fantastic work, told me there is no bigger threat to our big game  populations than the spread of chronic wasting disease.   The bill is being introduced today. Senator Jones from Alabama is on  the floor and is going to speak next. The bill we have introduced today  requires the Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health  Inspection Service and the U.S. Geological Survey to work with the  National Academies of Science to answer some important questions about  chronic wasting disease. They will review gaps in current scientific  knowledge about transmission. They will review where Federal and State  best management practices can better align, and they will review the  areas at greatest risk for new infections.   State wildlife managers need answers to these questions so they can  coordinate prevention and control efforts among their States and so  they can target their research to fill in any gaps in current  knowledge.   Chronic wasting disease is not a new threat, but it is one that has  fundamentally changed our efforts to manage and conserve wildlife.  Unchecked, this disease can truly be catastrophic for wildlife and for  local economies. Across our Nation, whole industries are built around  wildlife, tourism, wildlife watching, and deer and elk farming.   I believe this bill and this research can make a real difference. So  I am glad that so many of my colleagues agree and have cosponsored this  legislation.    Mr. President, I have spoken many times in this Chamber  about human health from my perspective as an orthopedic surgeon. Today,  I am here to talk about a different crisis that is facing our Nation.   Earlier today, 24 of my colleagues joined me in introducing a bill to  combat chronic wasting disease in cervid populations across this  country. Chronic wasting disease is a terrible degenerative brain  disease. It affects captive and wild deer, elk, moose, and caribou in  at least 26 States and several Canadian Provinces. It is highly  contagious and always fatal.   In my home State of Wyoming, chronic wasting disease was first  detected back in 1985. Since then, the Wyoming Game and Fish Department  has partnered with scientists, State wildlife managers, and Federal  Agencies to understand how the disease spreads. Many other state  agencies have forged similar partnerships to study the same things.  Over the last 34 years, their work has shown that the disease is spread  by prions, but how these prions actually infect animals remains a  mystery.   The disease can be transmitted through nose-to-nose contact, through  [[Page S1136]]  animal waste, or through carcasses of infected animals. Some studies  have suggested that prions can remain in affected soil for up to 16  years.   Well, there is a lot we still don't know about the disease, including  the risk to humans. Chronic wasting disease is a type of transmissible  spongiform encephalopathy, like bovine spongiform encephalopathy and  Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.   There are a number of diseases I studied in medical school from a  human standpoint that now seem to be affecting animals as well.   There have been no reported cases of this chronic wasting disease in  humans as of this time, but the Centers for Disease Control takes the  risk of human infection quite seriously. The CDC developed a list of  things people can do to reduce their own risk of consuming meat from an  infected animal. Across the country, many people rely on meat they  harvest from deer, moose, and elk to feed their families. For them  hunting is not a recreational activity but an important part of their  way of life.   Hunting also contributes tens of billions of dollars in economic  activity each year. Those dollars fund important wildlife research and  habitat conservation and contribute nearly 10,000 jobs in Wyoming  alone. Dollars derived from the sales of tags or hunting licenses and  hunting equipment are used by State wildlife agencies to carry out  important monitoring, management, and conservation work.   If this disease persists and we cannot instill confidence in the  public that the risk can be controlled, hunting will decrease. Fewer  licenses sold means less money for our wildlife agencies, which means  less research. So we need to act now.   Chronic wasting disease threatens the iconic deer, elk, and moose  herds that roam our State. It is a threat to our western heritage, but  it is not just a western problem. Chronic wasting disease has found its  way to Alabama, New York, and Pennsylvania. After finding the disease  late last year, the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency now requires  hunters to check in their deer at physical locations to check for  infection. The Muley Fanatic Foundation in Wyoming, which does  fantastic work, told me there is no bigger threat to our big game  populations than the spread of chronic wasting disease.   The bill is being introduced today. Senator Jones from Alabama is on  the floor and is going to speak next. The bill we have introduced today  requires the Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health  Inspection Service and the U.S. Geological Survey to work with the  National Academies of Science to answer some important questions about  chronic wasting disease. They will review gaps in current scientific  knowledge about transmission. They will review where Federal and State  best management practices can better align, and they will review the  areas at greatest risk for new infections.   State wildlife managers need answers to these questions so they can  coordinate prevention and control efforts among their States and so  they can target their research to fill in any gaps in current  knowledge.   Chronic wasting disease is not a new threat, but it is one that has  fundamentally changed our efforts to manage and conserve wildlife.  Unchecked, this disease can truly be catastrophic for wildlife and for  local economies. Across our Nation, whole industries are built around  wildlife, tourism, wildlife watching, and deer and elk farming.   I believe this bill and this research can make a real difference. So  I am glad that so many of my colleagues agree and have cosponsored this  legislation.   