 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Oklahoma, Mr.  Lucas, for yielding to me.  [[Page H2060]]    H.R. 425, the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act, is about  helping expand veterans' job and education opportunities in the  sciences. The bill directs the National Science Foundation to develop a  veterans outreach plan and publish data on veterans' participation in  mathematics, science, and technology in its annual ``Science and  Engineering Indicators'' report.   The bill also updates the NSF Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship  Program, its fellowship programs, and the cyber grant programs to  include outreach to veterans.   Additionally, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy  is tasked with overseeing an interagency working group to examine how  to increase veteran participation in the STEM career fields, including  addressing any barriers for both servicemembers and their spouses.   In the next 5 years, between 1 million and 1.5 million members of the  Armed Forces will separate from the military, according to the  Department of Defense. Many of these veterans will be seeking new  careers, and by a great margin, veterans cite finding employment as  their number-one need when separating from Active-Duty service.   According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, occupations in STEM  fields are projected to grow to more than 9 million jobs by 2022.  Research shows that many military veterans already have skills and  training that align with STEM careers, particularly in the area of  information technology.   However, it also shows that veterans face many barriers as they  reenter the workforce, including a lack of formal certified STEM  education, career guidance, and the difficult task of transferring  military credits to civilian college credits.   Our Nation's veterans deserve every opportunity to transition to a  rewarding and successful civilian life. This bill will help all  servicemembers continue to serve our Nation in new ways by fulfilling  21st century jobs and keeping America on the cutting edge of  innovation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Lamb, a fellow member of the  Science, Space, and Technology Committee and a Marine Corps veteran,  for cosponsoring this bipartisan legislation. And I salute my fellow  veterans on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who joined me  in introducing this bill.   Last year, the House passed this legislation by an overwhelming  margin, but we did not make it across the finish line in the Senate.  This year, we have a bipartisan companion bill in the Senate,  introduced by my home State Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Amy  Klobuchar.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that now is the time to get this done to help  our Nation's veterans. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill and the  Senate to act on it and send H.R. 425 to the President's desk.   