 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding.   I would like to begin by expressing my appreciation to Ranking Member  Calvert. Mr. Calvert continues to be a tremendous partner in this  process, and he is a joy to work with.   I would also like to express my gratitude to the chairwoman, Mrs.  Lowey, as well as the ranking member, Ms. Granger, and the other  members of the committee. I would like to thank each of our  incomparable staff. This legislation would not be possible without  their intellectual acumen, outstanding effort, and significant personal  sacrifices.   Division A of the bill provides appropriations for the Department of  Defense and is the result of a negotiated compromise. Despite our best  efforts, I was very disappointed to recede on certain provisions of the  House-passed bill, particularly those that restricted the ability of  the administration to reprogram Defense funding for the border wall and  several others that would have returned some balance to the oversight  relationship between the executive and legislative branches. The  department's actions in the past year have fundamentally damaged its  relationship with this committee. With this agreement, we increase our  emphasis on oversight as we move forward.   Nevertheless, there is a tremendous amount of good provided in this  bill. The bill provides more than ample funding for the Department of  Defense to make major investments in readiness. But our primary focus  has been on the well-being and morale of those in uniform, their  families, DOD civilians, and the Defense communities.   The bill provides the funding necessary to support a 3.1 percent  military pay raise for our women and men in uniform. This is the  largest increase in base pay since 2010.   The bill provides an additional $110 million for upgrades to DOD  childcare facilities, which I see as just the first step in addressing  the significant shortfall of quality childcare within the military  services.   The bill provides $315 million above the request to address public  school infrastructure requirements on DOD facilities.  [[Page H10381]]    The bill provides $1.42 billion for environmental restoration  activities, $180.5 million above enacted levels for this year.  Additionally, the bill provides $1.8 billion in natural disaster  funding for repairs and replacement of equipment at military bases  damaged by natural disasters in eight States, including Virginia,  Florida, California, and Georgia.   In closing, I would like to end by reminding the Department of  Defense that report language is directive, not permissive. Actions in  direct contravention of congressional direction in the report are  absolutely unacceptable and must stop.   Again, I thank my colleagues and staff.   Madam Speaker, I urge support for the bill.   