 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, let me first start off by  commending Representative   John Sarbanes for H.R. 1 and everyone who  has worked on behalf of this historic bill.   Today I rise in support of amendment 12 to H.R. 1. Last term, I  introduced what is known as the SWAMP FLYERS Act to make sure that  government officials don't abuse taxpayer funds for their luxury travel  preferences. We did not get a vote on this bill last term. I am very  pleased that now I am going to be able to offer it as an amendment to  H.R. 1   This is a commonsense amendment. It would simply prevent government  officials from using taxpayer funds to travel on a private, chartered,  or noncommercial flight. If your official business needs you to go on  one of those really expensive flights, you might want to think twice  about why you are doing it.   Eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse has long been a bipartisan  mission of the U.S. Congress, and I can think of few more obvious  candidates than paying for private jets for Cabinet officials to travel  across the country. As every Member of Congress knows, you can reach  any district of the U.S. just flying commercial.   I think it is disturbing I even have to introduce this amendment, but  let me just walk folks through some of the corruption we have seen in  the last 2 years.   Former HHS Secretary Tom Price spent more than $400,000 in travel on  private jets.   Former Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke spent over $39,000 of taxpayer  funds on a helicopter tour of national monuments in Nevada. He then  spent an additional $12,000 of taxpayer funds on a private jet to go to  Las Vegas, Nevada, to speak to a hockey team owned by a major donor.   Former Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin spent over $122,000  in taxpayer funds to go with his wife to Europe for the primary purpose  of sightseeing.   Then we have got former EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, who spent at  least $58,000 on chartered flights.   I could go on.   If this had been law, they would not have been able to do this.  Hardworking Americans deserve better. A vote against this amendment is  really something that taxpayers would not appreciate.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  commonsense amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to note that a  number of these Cabinet officials defended the use of luxury travel  preferences by saying that their travel was approved.   So, clearly, there is not enough in the law to stop this abusive  behavior of taxpayer funds. Again, if you just look at the abuse of  travel, we know we can stop it. There is no justification for it.   Mr. Chairman, I request that my colleagues vote for this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    In closing, this is a commonsense  amendment. I appreciate, again, the historic nature of H.R. 1.  Preventing travel abuse by Cabinet officials is something that we can  all support on a bipartisan basis.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   