 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the  Raise the Wage Act that raises the federal minimum wage to $15, This  bill is smart federal policy that will improve the lives of workers and  their children  [[Page H7123]]  across the nation, helping them pay their bills, support their  children, and grow our economy via their increased spending power.   Many do not remember that--from the outset--the intent was that the  minimum wage should be a livable wage, The federal minimum wage was  part of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; critical legislation  supporting workers and children by setting a federal minimum wage,  requiring time-and-a-half pay, and banning the atrocity of child labor  in factories. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt even said, ``It seems  to me to be equally plain that no business which depends for existence  on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to  continue in this country . . . and by living wages I mean more than a  bare subsistence level--I mean the wages of decent living.''   At a time in our country when the wealth gap is appallingly large, I  am proud that the Democratic Leadership is prioritizing a livable wage.  For over a decade millions of hardworking Americans worked full-time  making just $7.25 an hour. Tipped workers, teen workers, or workers  with disabilities have made even less. Current law allows tipped  workers to make just $2.13 an hour plus tips, allows teen workers to be  paid just $4.25 an hour for their first 90 days, and allows a  subminimum wage for people with disabilities, unjustly denying them the  equal pay that they deserve. Men and women throughout the nation work  full-time yet remain trapped in poverty by their low-wages. According  to the American Association of University Women, a single mom raising  two kids while working a full-time minimum wage job earns only about  $14,500 or $5,000 below the poverty line. Clearly, the current minimum  wage is not a living wage but a policy that systematically grows the  divide between the poor and the secure, creating barriers for low- income workers to break out of poverty.   The minimum wage increase in this bill will help close the wage gap  that women--especially African-American and Latina-American women--face  due to their disproportionate overrepresentation in tipped employment.  Raising the minimum wages also will reduce child poverty. According to  the Economic Policy Institute, the increased minimum wage will give  raises to 41 million women, 28 percent of whom have children.   As many may know, helping low-income workers is a primary legislative  priority for me. In my District, almost 31 percent of children live in  poverty and half of those children live in extreme poverty, Further, 25  percent of the tax filers in my district are low-income working  parents. I see the challenges that these children and their families  face first hand. They are hard-working and incredible people trying to  better themselves.   I reject opponents' arguments that increasing the federal minimum  wage will eviscerate jobs. I know first-hand the benefits of an  increased minimum wage because the minimum wage in the City of Chicago  is $13 an hour, much higher than the federal wage of $7.25. According  to the Illinois Economic Policy Institute, the transition to this wage  had no impact on the employment rate nor did it negatively affect  private businesses. Rather, the higher minimum wage created a higher  demand by low-income households for employment. Given the positive  outcomes from raising the minimum wage in Chicago and given state-wide  economic needs, Governor J.B. Pritzker and our state legislators just  raised the state minimum wage to $15--making Illinois, D.C., and five  other states national leaders in providing livable wages for their  workers. Our new law will help almost 1.4 million Illinoisans currently  making less than $15 an hour, lifting thousands out of poverty and  growing our economy at the same time.   Now today as a Congressman, I proudly cast my vote in support of  raising the federal minimum wage to strengthen workers, families, and  our economy.   