 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the State Department  Authorization Act of 2019, which I was proud to draft with the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), my friend and chairman of the  Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I thank him for his strong  bipartisanship.   The last State Department reauthorization was signed into law in  2002. Imagine that, 2002, 1 year after 9/11.   In the 16 years since that authority lapsed, we have seen too many  taxpayer dollars wasted on inefficient hiring and procurements, an  expanding bureaucracy, and an outdated IT system that left us  vulnerable to cyberattacks from foreign nations, states, and hackers.   It is the fundamental duty of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs  to pass an annual authorization bill. This is necessary to fulfill our  constitutional Article I oversight responsibilities and our obligation  to be good stewards of the people's money.   For these reasons, I am proud of this bipartisan bill that our  committee has produced. It will address numerous longstanding  difficulties. It will also fortify the Department and our diplomats  with the tools they need to fulfill their missions to promote America  overseas and enhance our national security.   Among other important reforms, the bill before us will modernize the  workforce, eliminate outdated reports and special offices, prohibit  expensive and unnecessary construction practices, impose rigorous  monitoring and evaluation metrics, save taxpayer dollars, and reassert,  as I mentioned before, our Article I prerogatives of Congress.   As the United States faces growing challenges from nation-states  around the world, like Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea, we need  our Secretary and our diplomats to know that Congress fully supports  them, and this bill does just that.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel, again, and his team for working  with my staff and our members to ensure that this is a strongly  bipartisan product; otherwise, it could not pass the House, Senate, and  be signed into law. The chairman knows that, and I want to thank him,  again, for working with me on this important legislation that we really  haven't seen in over a decade.   This type of collaboration has been a hallmark of our work in this  committee. I, for one, am very proud of  [[Page H7435]]  that work, and I know Chairman Engel is as well.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote in favor of this long  overdue bill, which deserves our unanimous support, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Yoho), ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee  on Asia, the Pacific, and Nonproliferation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Wright), a member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to  close.   I just want to say, as I said at the beginning, how proud I am to  work with Chairman Engel, to draft this critical and overdue  authorization bill.   I think it was mentioned previously, I think this is the most  bipartisan committee on the Hill, and it should be, because we  shouldn't bring partisanship to this body on issues of importance like  this.   I want to thank the staff on the majority side for working with my  staff on the minority side, and particularly, I want to thank Grant  Mullins on my staff for his excellent work on this bill.   This doesn't happen by accident. It happens by design, and it happens  when the staff can work together because the chair and the ranking  member send a message, a message of leadership, in a tone that we want  to get this done in a bipartisan way. And the beauty of that is, Mr.  Speaker, that will give this bill, this authorization, the first one we  have seen since 2002, the best opportunity to pass the Senate and be  signed into law.   And, Mr. Speaker, this will be a hallmark of this Congress, I  believe, when that fine event happens. It is exercising our  constitutional prerogatives under Article I and our oversight role on  the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   