 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has  a duty to the American people.   Congress established the Bureau almost a decade ago to protect  consumers from abuse and empower people to make good financial choices,  regardless of who the President is. That is a very important  responsibility. With that in mind, Chairwoman Waters is right to call  attention to the governance of the CFPB.   CFPB actions and interpretations can vary significantly from one  administration to another, and because the CFPB is unaccountable, there  isn't much Congress can do about it. In fact, the Bureau was built to  be unaccountable and unresponsive, and this has given its Directors  free rein to take actions that many of us do not support.   There are many ideas on both sides of the aisle on how best to reform  the CFPB, and this is something Congress should consider soon.   Today, I have an amendment. My amendment sets aside the politically  charged findings in the bill and takes us one step closer to  transparency and accountability.   Some of these findings target former Acting Director Mick Mulvaney by  name. One disparages Mulvaney by referencing a political article that  includes a critical quote from an anonymous source. Another criticizes  him for  [[Page H4088]]  rearranging the initials of the CFPB. Let me repeat that: Another  criticizes him for rearranging the initials of the CFPB. Only in  Washington.   My amendment strikes all of this unhelpful rhetoric and replaces it  with a requirement that the Comptroller General conduct an independent  study focused on three key questions: One, is the CFPB meeting its  obligations efficiently and effectively? Two, how prevalent are  discriminatory lending practices? Three, are the workplace rights of  CFPB staff respected?   The Comptroller General's findings can then help to inform our  continued efforts to oversee and reform the Bureau to make it work  better for all Americans.   Protecting consumers, examining the prevalence of discrimination, and  protecting workplace rights should not be controversial. Ensuring  effectiveness and transparent governance should not be a source of  partisan disagreement.   I understand that the chairwoman is unhappy with the way the CFPB is  governed. So am I. Anyone who has read about the past abuses at this  unaccountable agency should have concerns about the structure that  enables this bad behavior to exist in the first place.   Today's amendment recognizes that Congress has a responsibility to  ensure that the Bureau is fulfilling its mission, and that independent  audit, not political rhetoric, is the best way to move toward this  goal.   The American people deserve an unbiased look at what the Bureau does  right and what it does wrong so we can find common ground on the best  way to protect consumers.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining on  my side.    Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry).    Madam Chair, I think the most important part here is that  the findings are the political rhetoric that we are looking to remove.  This town has far too much political rhetoric.   I am willing to work with my colleague to make this unaccountable  entity accountable to Congress in the first place. I urge my colleagues  to vote in favor of this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am opposed to the bill in its current form.    Madam Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It  will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the  bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Madam Speaker, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial  Civil Penalty Fund, into which the Bureau deposits civil penalties it  collects from wrongdoers.   Civil penalties should be used exclusively to make victims of  financial consumer crimes whole. We should track down actual victims of  fraud. However, current law allows the Bureau to use this account as a  slush fund.   We should give the money back to the victims.   This motion would put an end to the CFPB slush fund. This motion  requires the CFPB to do the right thing: Give the money to the victims.  [[Page H4109]]    The CFPB's ability to take away penalty funds and use them in  unaccountable ways is unparalleled among financial regulators.   Where does this money go?   Both the Government Accountability Office and the Federal Reserve's  Inspector General, which oversees the CFPB, found that the CFPB lacks  internal procedures. The CFPB lacks accountability. The CFPB lacks  transparency.   Where does this money go?   Let's put an end to the slush fund at the Bureau. Let's redirect  where this money belongs. Let's give the money to the victims.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this motion to recommit.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   