 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois, who  is also a good friend, for the work he is doing on this, trying to  bring some transparency to what is really going on here.   There are numerous reasons that mandating paper ballots isn't  workable. They are susceptible to fraud; they are inefficient; and they  are antiquated. I have seen, over the years, where the joke was ``one  man, one vote,'' where it was ``one suitcase, one vote,'' with people  bringing in paper ballots. We have seen a situation around the country  now where that is still a bit of a problem.   For argument's sake, though, let's just say that paper ballots were  foolproof and didn't come with their own set of problems or security  concerns. I would still be concerned about the impact this bill would  have on the majority of our States.   The mandate, in and of itself, is troubling. Twenty-nine out of our  50 States, plus the District of Columbia, would have to completely  revamp their current election systems. This is both costly and time- intensive. There is nearly zero chance this can be adopted by the 2020  elections. The funding in the bill makes it clear that they realize  this is not enough money to pay for this and, if it is not, it would be  on a pro rata share. That means it is an unfunded mandate in violation  of the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act.   It is easy for Federal lawmakers here in D.C. to gloss over the  impact this Federal mandate would have, but the numbers don't lie. Only  18 States currently use a paper-only voting system, as the bill would  mandate. Not to mention, this bill would also impact those 18 States,  including my home State of Alabama.   Just a few days ago, the House Committee on Science, Space, and  Technology held a hearing on ``Election Security: Voting Technology  Vulnerabilities,'' where Oklahoma's Secretary of the State Election  Board Ziriax pointed out that this bill would require the use of  recycled paper, which would be impossible to use with Oklahoma's  current paper ballot system because the fibers found in recycled paper  would cause repeated false readings.   While this may seem like a small or silly detail, this is just one  example of the great impact this bill will have on all States, with  many considerations that have yet to be vetted properly.    My colleagues on the other side continue to offer radical  and unworkable policies to revamp our election system. Security risks  do exist within our ballot boxes, but this bill is not the answer. This  bill will just add to the existing risks, and I cannot support it.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table H.R. 3401, with the Senate amendment thereto, and  concur in the Senate amendment. This bipartisan bill passed the Senate  with 84 votes and could be sent to the President's desk for his  signature today.    