 Mr. President, today I rise in absolute awe--remain in  awe--of what happened in this country and in this world 50 years ago  this week, and I am still inspired by the events of our space program  50 years ago.   Fifty years ago today, Americans of all ages, in every corner of this  great Nation and, in fact, all over the world, stopped what they were  doing to watch in complete awe as Apollo 11 launched from Cape Kennedy,  headed toward the Moon. It is unbelievable what we saw, what we  witnessed, that entire week.   It would be the first time that humans would set foot on a celestial  body other than the Earth. We would step foot on the Moon, which had  captured the imagination of the world since time began, trying to reach  that big, round object in the sky. It was a remarkable feat, made  possible by the sheer determination and grit of the American space  program and all of those who participated in it.   I was just a kid growing up in Alabama at the time. I lived just 2 or  3 hours south of what was known as Rocket City in Huntsville, AL. It is  still known as Rocket City because of all of the work at NASA and in  our space program today. It was a thriving metropolis then and even  more so today. That is where all of the rockets were built. That is  where the engines, the powerful engines that drove the rockets into  space, were built. They were tested in Huntsville, AL. If you go there  today, most of those stands are still there. Some of them are about to  be used again. Those Saturn V rockets, the most powerful rocket engines  man had ever created, were built in Huntsville, AL. They were the  engines that would propel man to the Moon.   I was absolutely mesmerized--absolutely mesmerized--by all things  involving the space program. I still am. I can remember so many times  when my maternal grandfather, Oliver Wesson, whom I called Paw-Paw, and  I would just sit for hours and watch and listen  [[Page S4838]]  to the commentaries. We would watch the liftoffs. We would watch the  splashdowns. Some of my best memories as a kid were literally sitting  in front of a TV set with my granddad, watching the heroes I saw, the  heroes I wanted to be, and the heroes America wrapped their arms  around. At the time, there was nothing--nothing--and maybe to some  extent today--more that I wanted to do than to be an astronaut and to  go into space. It sounds corny for an old man like me to say that, but  it is absolutely true.   Those astronauts, the original Mercury Seven astronauts, were heroes  in every sense of the word. I admire their courage, not having a clue  when they blasted off from Florida whether they would return safely.  And we did lose astronauts along the way.   I did so many things. I read. I studied. I watched. I read papers. A  lot of papers in my grammar, junior high, and high schools were all  written about the space program.   I am a memorabilia collector, as many of you may know, including of  autographed baseballs. I have a few autographed baseballs by some of  the astronauts, but the ones I like most are the newspapers. From that  time, I could see that everybody could sense something was special.  From the time Apollo 11 took off from Cape Kennedy, and the headlines  in the Birmingham News read ``Man Sets Foot in Heavens,'' to the time  they splashed down, I collected and saved every one of those  newspapers. They are still at home, and they are prized possessions.   We watched every single launch. We knew every single name of every  astronaut. We stood there with intense, mesmerizing attention to every  moment of those launches.   It was something that captivated this entire country. It was a  unifying time. It was a unifying force at a time when America needed  it--the 1960s. For Apollo 11 in 1969, it was a time when we needed that  sense of collective pride. We needed that sense of unification. We had  gone through tough times during the civil rights era. We had gone  through and we were still in the midst of the Vietnam war and all that  tore this country asunder. We saw all that happened in 1968. We saw the  deaths of John Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, and Martin Luther King, but the  space program was that one sense of pride.   It didn't take a tragedy to unify America at that time. It took  success. It took a build of what we do. It took our determination. It  took knowing that we were the most patriotic, and, doggone, we were  going to beat those Russians to the Moon. It sounds so corny these  days, but it is absolutely the case. We were going to do it. It was  going to be the United States of America, and, doggone, we did it.   A lot has changed. Today, we are building on this legacy. We are  still building on this legacy in space. We are building it in  Huntsville, AL, and elsewhere with NASA, and we are going to continue  to inspire a new generation--and more generations to come--of Alabamans  and Americans, people all across this country, to help us reach even  loftier heights.   Yes, a lot has changed since 1969--50 years ago--but there is a  reason that space flight and exploration of other worlds continue to  capture our attention and to capture our imagination. It is because, at  the end of the day, we are all dreamers. We always dream of those  loftier heights. We always want to achieve. We always want to make this  country great--consistently make this country great. We always want to  reach for the stars, whether it is in our personal lives or whether it  is collectively as a country. That is what we do. We are dreamers.   Today, 50 years after the launch of Apollo--and on Saturday, we will  celebrate 50 years of the actual steps on the lunar surface--we  celebrate the achievement of a dream five decades ago, but a dream that  started long, long before that, long before President Kennedy  challenged America to put a man on the Moon.   Looking back, 50 years ago was really just the beginning. It showed  us that a true moonshot was possible, and, quite literally, it opened  our world to new possibilities.   Today, we are reaching for human spaceflight back to the Moon and to  Mars. It is not just us; other countries are doing the same. We are  looking for a return flight to the Moon for deeper exploration. We are  receiving pictures from the farthest reaches of the galaxy, things we  have never seen before. We have seen the surface. We have landed rovers  on the Moon surface and have seen the pictures and have done the tests.  It is just unbelievable. Who would have ever thought of this some 50,  60 years ago when I was a kid?   Today, we have a greater understanding of the universe around us and  how we apply that knowledge to our own lives. We continue to reach for  the stars.   Yes, a lot has changed, but a lot hasn't. We still have divisions in  this country. We still need that unifying voice. We still need that  sense of pride that we can all--everybody--wrap our arms around.   Today, we seem to be divided more than we were during the height of  the Vietnam war. We seem to be divided over the very issues that my  friend Senator Cornyn was talking about a moment ago with regard to  immigration. We are divided over politics--a partisan divide. We are  divided over gun violence. You name it; we are divided. So we need that  unifying voice. We need something positive that we can all wrap our  arms around.   It is not just a holiday--and sometimes now, in today's world,  unfortunately, even our holidays get divided. Even on our holidays,  people go to their corners for political reasons, on both sides of the  aisle. Make no mistake, folks, I am not casting a stone one way or  another. I am casting it across this land. People are divided.   We have to honor the visionaries of long ago, as well as the  visionaries of today who think big, dream big, and give our Nation a  collective sense of purpose and unity--a collective sense of unity and  purpose--not a divisive sense of purpose for their own benefit but a  collective sense of unity and purpose.   We can honor those folks by setting aside all of the differences we  see. We can honor those folks by not going to our corners every time a  hot-button issue is mentioned either here on the floor of the Senate or  in a tweet or in a Facebook post or in the national news. We can set  that aside. We can set it aside by setting aside our differences.   We honor folks by setting aside our differences today. We can honor  those folks by remembering our collective pride and who we are as  Americans, by making sure that all men and women are created equal and  living up to the creed that we so proudly point to in the Declaration  of Independence and the Constitution. We can do that again. We can  honor these visionaries by coming together, reaching across the aisle  and also reaching within our aisles to bring people together to talk  about those things we can do together and with a sense of pride. We can  do it by, once again, being the leader of the world and not trying to  do everything alone but bringing our friends and allies to join us in  these collective efforts to make us stronger.   Yes, we owe those folks a great debt of gratitude for making America  a leader in space, a leader in the world, and giving us all something  to dream about. Let us now meet that challenge in a different way.   Let us continue to explore space. Let us continue to reach for the  stars, but let us dedicate ourselves to becoming that unified voice so  that something we can all dream about is one America--one America--not  a house divided but one America for everyone.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   