 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its present form.    Mr. Speaker, here we are, in the people's House, charged  with the responsibility of taking taxpayers' money and making sure that  it is spent properly, with proper oversight. And yet, we are about to  vote on a bill that is set to top-line numbers; that has not been  subject to debate in this Chamber.   Let's revisit how we got here. Our friends on the other side of the  aisle said they were going to do a budget, and they didn't do a budget.  They couldn't produce the votes.   So then, they decided, Mr. Speaker, that they were going to do a caps  agreement, and they proposed a caps agreement; and only because of a  self-executing rule did they deem the numbers to which the  appropriators should write the bills. No debate, none at all; just pull  the numbers out of the air, put them in a self-executing rule, and that  is what we will write to.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is going nowhere. It is a waste of time for  the House of Representatives to have been spending on a bill that is  absolutely going nowhere.   My motion sends this bill back to the committee where, hopefully, we  can come to some form of agreement on a caps number.   Now, we have got a lot to worry about. At the end of this year, if we  don't have an agreement, we are going to trigger a sequester that  nobody wants. It could be devastating to our country.   But, instead of spending our time, Mr. Speaker, on working out an  agreement among ourselves that the people expect us to do--it is our  job--here we are, spending our time on late-night votes on amendments,  and then, finally, to move a bill across the floor of the House that is  going nowhere. We are all frustrated by it.   Last year, Mr. Speaker, I spent the better part of a year, with a  number of my colleagues on this side and that side, and some from the  Senate, on a process reform package, and we got close to the finish  line. We didn't make all the changes that everybody wanted. We didn't  have the votes for that.   And remember, the threshold for passage was five Republicans and five  Democrats out of 16 people. That is a pretty high threshold in this  Chamber, and we got our five Republicans to agree.   I have got to commend guys like   John Yarmuth and Derek Kilmer on  the other side because they were yeahs, because they recognized how  important changing this process was to this institution.   But four Democrats voted present; present, on a package that would  fundamentally change, for the better, the budget and appropriations  process that we use in the House of Representatives, in the people's  House.   The people deserve better, Mr. Speaker, so it is my intent to refer  this bill back to committee.   Now, it doesn't stop there with just top-line numbers. Besides the  failure to write a budget; to have a debate on a caps deal; to put  forth workable legislation, Democrats have also neglected the  humanitarian and security crisis at our border.   Today marks 50 days since the administration request came for  supplemental funds on our border. You can't deny the issues down there:  144,000 apprehensions on our southwest border last month; 4,500 people  a day that we are apprehending.   We have tried 17 times to bring up legislation to address the  humanitarian crisis on our border, and 17 times we have been denied;  food and shelter for migrant families and unaccompanied children;  funding urgent medical care and transportation; paying the growing  overtime costs for DHS men and women on the front lines.   So, Mr. Speaker, my point is pretty simple. It is not cute. It is not  a gotcha moment. It is not an underlying policy issue that is hard to  explain. It is simply this: Let's send this bill back to the  appropriators. Let's work collectively to get a caps deal so that we  can save our country from us.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   