 Mr. Speaker, I thank my delegation colleague, Congressman  Mast, for drafting this important bill, the South Florida Clean Coastal  Waters Act of 2019, to address the HABs problem, the harmful algal  blooms, and improve water quality in Florida.   I also thank Senator Rubio for introducing the Senate companion, and  I give credit to my predecessor in Congress, now-Governor DeSantis, for  prioritizing clean water at the State level.   Red tides and green algae have plagued Florida in recent years. As we  have discussed here today, it impacts Lake Okeechobee, the Everglades,  Indian River Lagoon in my district, and both of Florida's coasts.   Last Congress, the Interagency Task Force on HABs was reauthorized,  which was a very important step. This bill ensures that the task force  will produce an integrated assessment on the causes, consequences, and  approaches to reduce HABs; identify the current gaps in research; and,  very importantly, produce an action plan to deal with it.   The focus of the task force is the Everglades, and the health of the  Everglades impacts water quality across the State.   The scope of the introduced version for H.R. 335 attempted to take  this into account by including ``contiguous coastal near-shore water''  in the definition of eligible waterways. However, ``contiguous'' could  be interpreted by the task force--this was my concern--in any number of  ways, potentially excluding the northern reaches of the Indian River  Lagoon.   The entire Indian River Lagoon is part of the National Estuary  Program, and the southern section is an Army Corps of Engineers  authorized reservoir included in the Comprehensive Everglades  Restoration Plan.   According to the Army Corps, Indian River Lagoon is ``home to more  than 3,000 species of plants and animals'' and ``considered the most  biologically diverse estuarine system in the continental United  States.''   This dynamic ecosystem is sensitive. It is important to the  environment for those reasons, but critically, it is also important to  our economy. A 2016 economic valuation study found that the output of  the lagoon is about $7.6 billion annually.   For these reasons, it is the right thing to do to ensure the  Interagency HABs Task Force includes the entire lagoon.   In coordination with Congressman Mast, I offered a management  amendment in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee markup that  lists the entire Indian River Lagoon in the definition of waterways to  be included in this bill.   We are not just seeing HABs in southern Florida. It is now spreading  to other parts of my district and all parts of Florida. We have already  seen blue-green algae in the St. Johns River and even spreading into  our springs. Protecting the springs in central Florida is an ongoing  effort.   It is for this reason that the task force's integrated assessment is  so important. It will improve water quality management and prevent  harmful algal blooms across the entire lagoon.   Moving forward, the Congress should examine the Clean Water State  Revolving Fund allotment formula, which has not been updated since  1987.    Importantly, in 2018, Florida received the third lowest  allotment per capita, according to the EPA, yet it has the third most  significant infrastructure needs in the country. This is unacceptable,  particularly for a program so important in a State where water is so  critical to our way of life.   I thank Congressman Lucas. I again thank Congressman Mast for his  work on HABs and this important legislation before us today.   