 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  as much time as I may require.    Madam President, I often recommend to Tennesseans that  they look at the U.S. Congress as if it were a split-screen television  set.   Here is what I mean by that. During the last month, on one side of  the screen you saw the usual Washington, DC, turmoil--Trump versus the  squad, Mueller testifying, impeachment votes, battle over the border,  Presidential candidates posturing, and of course the daily tweets.   On the other side of the screen was the President and congressional  leaders agreeing to a 2-year budget that will strengthen our military,  help our veterans, fund research for medical miracles, fund research  for our National Laboratories, support our national parks, and save  taxpayers a boatload of money by providing stability in funding.   I might add that this part of the budget--31 percent of the budget-- is not the part of the budget that is creating the budget deficit. This  part of the budget that we will be voting on tomorrow has gone up at  about the rate of inflation for the last 10 years and is projected by  the Congressional Budget Office to go up at about the rate of inflation  for the next 10 years.   It is the entitlement part of the budget that is the problem, which  is why I am voting for what the President and the congressional leaders  have recommended, but then also on that side of the screen, away from  the Washington, DC, turmoil, there was another story, which is the  story I want to talk about today.   During that last same month, three Senate committees, by my count,  made more than 80 bipartisan proposals, sponsored by at least 75 U.S.  Senators of both political parties, to reduce the cost of healthcare  that Americans pay for out of their own pockets.   On June 26, after 17 hearings, 6 months of work, recommendations from  400 experts, our Health Committee, which I chair and of which Senator  Patty Murray, the Democrat from Washington State, is the ranking  member, voted 20 to 3 to recommend to the full Senate 55 proposals from  65 Senators that would end surprise medical billing, increase  transparency so you can know the cost of your medical care--you can't  lower your healthcare costs if you don't know your healthcare actually  costs--and increase competition to reduce the cost of prescription  drugs.   The next day after our Health Committee reported that legislation,  the Judiciary Committee, headed by Senator Graham and Senator  Feinstein, reported out 4 proposals from 19 Senators that would reduce  prescription drug costs by banning anticompetitive behaviors by drug  manufacturers and helping the Federal Trade Commission to block those  who game the citizen petition process to delay generic drugs and  biosimiliars.   Then, last Thursday, the Finance Committee--this one headed by  Senator Grassley and Senator Wyden--by a vote of 19 to 9, reported more  than two dozen additional bipartisan proposals also aimed at reducing  the cost of prescription drugs.   That is not all. The House Energy and Commerce Committee has passed  its own solution to surprise billing.   Last Thursday, Senator Murray's staff and I met with Representatives  Frank Pallone and   Greg Walden, the leaders of the House Energy and  Commerce Committee. The four of us agreed to work together to lower  healthcare costs.   All of this work is consistent with what Secretary Azar and the  President have been saying and doing to lower prescription drug costs  and increase transparency.   For example, last week, after the Finance Committee released its  legislation, the White House said it ``is encouraged by the bipartisan  work of Chairman Grassley and Senator Wyden to craft a comprehensive  package to lower outrageously high drug prices, and today we are  engaging with coalitions to help build support.'' That is from the  White House.   Here is why this amount of activity is, in so many ways, such a good  sign for the American people. In our committee, what we have seen  before with fixing No Child Left Behind, 21st Century Cures Act, last  year's response to the opioid crisis--the last of which occurred, by  the way, while on the other side of the split-screen television was the  acrimonious Kavanaugh confirmation hearing--what we have seen with  these recent new laws I just mentioned is that when that many Senators  and that many Congressmen of both political parties go to work together  on a big issue that affects millions of American people, there is  likely to be a result that affects the American people.   In other words, I believe legislation to end surprise medical  billing, increase transparency, and lower prescription drug costs is  looking like a train that will get to the station when Congress  reconvenes in September, and well it should.   The cost of healthcare is Americans' No. 1 financial concern,  according to  [[Page S5166]]  Gallup, and at one hearing before our Health Committee, experts from  the National Academy of Medicine testified that up to half of what our  country spends on healthcare is unnecessary.   That is such a startling fact that I sat down then with Senator  Murray and with Senators Grassley and Wyden and with Senators Graham  and Feinstein, and I said to the leaders of those committees: Surely,  if the experts say that half of what we are spending is unnecessary,  Democrats and Republicans can find some things we can agree on that  reduce the cost of what we pay for healthcare out of our own pocket,  and we have.   The work of these three committees, more than 80 proposals from 75  Senators, is the result of that work over the last 6 months.   Let me say a word about perhaps the most visible proposal in the  Health Committee's bill. Surprise medical billing is one of the most  urgent problems that the House, the Senate, and the President are  trying to fix.   After about 20 percent of all emergency room visits, patients are  surprised a few months later to receive an unexpected bill. It could  range from $300 to $3,000 to $30,000. This happens because patients see  a doctor they didn't choose, either because of emergency care at an  out-of-network hospital or because an out-of-network doctor, not chosen  by the patient, treats them at an in-network hospital.   In his State of the Union Address and again at a White House event in  May, President Trump called for an end to surprise billing. At the  event, he gave me a copy of this medical bill, which we have enlarged  on this chart. It was a bill sent to Liz Moreno, a Texas college  student who had back surgery, and during a postsurgery followup visit,  her doctor ordered a urine test. A year later, this bill showed up:  $17,850 for a urine test. That is about the price of a new Nissan  Sentra. The bill was sky high because the lab that ran the test--a lab  Liz did not choose--was considered out of network by her insurer.   Take Drew Calver, a Texan who told the President his story about  getting $110,000 in bills--the emergency room he was rushed to during  his heart attack was out of network and so were the doctors who treated  him.   That day, the President said: ``For too long, surprise billings . . .  have left some patients with thousands of dollars of unexpected and  unjustified charges. . . . So this must end.''   The Lower Health Care Costs Act the Senate Health Committee passed  last month by a vote of 20 to 3 would have protected Liz and Drew from  receiving those surprise bills. Here is how it works: Insurance  companies would pay out-of-network doctors a local, market-driven  benchmark rate, which would be the same local, market-based rate that  insurers negotiated with doctors who agreed to be in network.  Obviously, this would have saved Liz and Drew because they wouldn't  have gotten a surprise medical bill.   The Congressional Budget Office says that by ending surprise medical  billing, this approach would generally lower health insurance premiums.  CBO also estimates that the approach would save taxpayers $25 billion  over the next 10 years.   Based on data from Kaiser, only about 5 percent of doctors at 10  percent of hospitals send most of these surprise medical bills. So our  solution primarily affects those doctors whom patients have little  control over choosing--anesthesiologists, radiologists, pathologists,  emergency room doctors, and neonatologists. It does not affect doctors  whom a patient can choose, such as cardiologists or primary care  doctors or pediatricians. In fact, the American Academy of Family  Physicians, representing primary care doctors, supports our Lower  Health Care Costs Act that ends surprise medical billing.   Over the 17 hearings our Health Committee conducted in developing our  legislation, we heard many stories about surprise billing. Here are a  few.   Todd, a Knoxville father who wrote me, took his son to the emergency  room after a bicycle accident. Todd was surprised when a few months  later he received a bill for $1,800--because, even though the emergency  room was in network, the doctor who treated his son was not.   Ahead of the birth of their first child, Danny and his wife Linda,  from Georgia, chose an in-network doctor and hospital. Of course, they  thought their insurance would cover their bills. When Luke was born 3  weeks premature, he had to spend 11 days at the in-network hospital's  neonatal care center. In the weeks after Luke went home, $4,279 in  bills were sent to Danny and Linda because the neonatal care center,  located in their in-network hospital, was out of network.   Carrie Wallinger, from Phoenix, AZ, received a $9,000 surprise  medical bill after going to an in-network emergency room after her dog  bit her finger. The doctor who came to stitch up her finger was from an  out-of-network facility, and so she got an unexpected $9,000 surprise  bill.   A South Carolina woman who had to have an emergency C-section  received a $15,000 bill from an out-of-network anesthesiologist.   Usually when you are being wheeled into an emergency room for an  emergency operation, you are not thinking about choosing a doctor, and  you are not interviewing them about whether they are in network or out  of network.   In Texas, after an ATV crushed his arm, Dr. Naveed Khan, a  radiologist, needed advanced medical care. The cost of a 108-mile trip  in an out-of-network helicopter cost $44,631.   Nicole Briggs, from Colorado, had emergency surgery to remove her  appendix at an in-network hospital. She owed $4,727 because the surgeon  was out of network.    In Mississippi, Stacy White took her husband to the emergency room at  an in-network hospital. The emergency physician who saw her husband was  out of network, and to her surprise, they received a bill for $2,700.   West Coz, a 3-year-old with a 107-degree fever, was airlifted from a  small community in West Virginia to a more advanced hospital 75 miles  away. His parents were left with a $45,000 bill for the helicopter.   In Maine, the State representative who sponsored a bill to protect  patients against surprise bills received a several-hundred-dollar bill  himself because the radiologist who read his daughter's x-ray was out  of network even though he took his daughter to an in-network hospital.   There are many more stories I could tell, but the bottom line is, in  each case, this happened because the patient almost always had little  choice. If you don't have choice, then you really don't have a  functioning market. It is a market failure.   One reason for the uptick in surprise bills is that this market  failure is now being exploited by private equity firms. Oftentimes,  hospitals will contract with a company to staff their emergency rooms  and hospitals. These companies will handle billing, manage schedules,  and hire doctors to staff the hospital emergency room.   Here is some research done by Yale economist Zack Cooper. He found  that two of the leading staffing companies--both backed by private  equity firms--significantly increase the rate of out-of-network billing  in a hospital once the firms are hired.   In the case of one of the physician staffing companies that Cooper  studied, a large insurer's data showed that the cases of surprise  billing increased by 100 percent at six different hospitals once this  physician staffing firm took over those hospitals' emergency rooms.   In a New York Times article, Cooper described the 100-percent jump in  surprise bills once these private equity-backed staffing companies  entered by saying it was ``almost . . . like a light switch was being  flipped on.''   In Axios, Cooper said: ``If you're willing to engage in some fairly  unsavory billing practices, (these services) could be quite lucrative.  . . . That's just discouraging, and it makes people want to go to  single payer.'' These surprise bill abuses make Americans want to go to  single payer.   Our goal is to protect patients, not private equity firms and  companies that are taking advantage of patients. Surprise medical bills  are one of the most visible problems for the 180 million Americans who  get their health insurance on the job.   When growing numbers of patients are receiving surprise medical bills  that could bankrupt their families, it is time for Congress to act. If  Congress can't fix such an obvious market failure in healthcare,  pressure will only grow for a radical Federal takeover of healthcare  that will take away private insurance from the 180 million Americans  who get insurance on the job and  [[Page S5167]]  leave patients with less choice, fewer doctors, and worse healthcare.   Avik Roy wrote in Forbes that ``if we do nothing [to address surprise  medical bills], the problem will get far worse. If we do something that  is too incremental, we'll pat ourselves on the back and then be forced  to revisit the problem in a few years. Americans deserve market-based  alternatives to single-payer health care. Without reform of exploitive  hospital prices, we'll never get there.''   Americans want to be mindful consumers of healthcare. When Todd, the  Knoxville father, wrote me, he said: ``If I'm expected to be a  conscientious consumer of my own health care needs, I need a little  more help.'' In other words, he needs for Congress to end surprise  medical bills.   It is unacceptable to say to patients that, even by paying their  premiums every month, even by researching and choosing in-network  hospitals and doctors, they may be on the hook for thousands of  unexpected dollars because of a surprise bill over which they had no  control.   At least 75 Senators and the President of the United States have made  it clear that our intent is to end surprise billing and to reduce what  Americans pay out of pocket for their healthcare. When Congress  reconvenes in September, I would encourage all of my colleagues to  support these efforts to reduce healthcare costs.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   