 Mr. President, I will be brief. I see my colleague from  Tennessee is here.   Earlier this afternoon, the President's designee, Stephen Moore--not  quite yet his nominee, but the President put his name out there to be a  Governor of the Federal Reserve--withdrew his name from consideration,  in large part because so many Republicans in this body were unhappy  with his selection.   This is the second Trump failure for the Federal Reserve just in the  last month. He was about to nominate Herman Cain. There was a lot of  outcry about his lack of qualifications. I am not sure why the  President came up with him. Then he withdrew, and Stephen Moore's name  had been put out there, too, and there were the same kinds of  complaints about Moore--not just about what he wrote and said over the  years, but really about his reputation as a thinker, as an economist,  and as a strategist on economic issues.   The President has tried twice. I don't know when we have ever seen  this before, where the President hasn't been able to find somebody who  understands the independence of the Fed and is qualified to take on  that awesome responsibility to be on the Federal Reserve. It is as  influential as any economic position in this government, I think.   Now the President has two new chances again. I am hopeful that he  will think about not appointing somebody whose whole mantra is trickle- down economics--to give tax cuts to the richest people in the country  and  [[Page S2597]]  hope it trickles down and we get a better economy. That never works.   I am hopeful that the President better understands that you focus on  the middle--my earned income tax credit bill, for instance--and you  focus on tax breaks for the people making $20,000, $30,000, $50,000,  and up to $100,000 a year. They will spend those dollars they get in  tax breaks and build the economy, whether in Terre Haute, in Nashville,  or in Cleveland. We know how important that is.   I hope the President will look at the next Governor of the Federal  Reserve--these two appointments--and think about the dignity of work  and think about someone who respects and honors work.   You may remember that Stephen Moore made some really caustic and  nasty comments about two great cities in my State--Cleveland and  Cincinnati. As much as that was offensive, what is really offensive is  how he just doesn't seem to respect the dignity of work and respect  these workers. Whether they are physical therapists at hospitals,  whether they clean bathrooms at hotels, whether they are construction  workers, whether they are midlevel managers, or whether they are  salespeople on the road, it is important that we honor and respect work  and understand the dignity of work. I am hopeful the President will see  that the next two nominees for the Federal Reserve will think about the  American workforce.   One of my most fun moments and most productive moments and days in my  time in the Senate was when I asked Janet Yellen, the Chair of the  Federal Reserve, to come out and visit a major aluminum stamping plant  for helicopter blades in Cleveland, which is not far from where I live.  It gave her a perspective of seeing what Americans do for a living  sometimes in manufacturing, sometimes in sales, sometimes in service-- whatever it is.   I am hopeful that this is who the President will look at--somebody  who will respect the dignity of work, someone who will want to go out,  as Abraham Lincoln said, and get ``my public opinion baths'' and get  outside the hallowed halls of the Federal Reserve, see America, and  translate that into a policy that really does help working families.   I yield the floor.   