 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for a  period of 5 minutes as in morning business.  [[Page S5776]]     Madam President and those who were watching during the  opening prayer, that was Pastor Andrew Brunson from North Carolina.  This month marks a year since Pastor Brunson was released from a  Turkish prison. Norine, his wife, is in the Gallery as well. They were  swept up in what I considered to be an overreaction by President  Erdogan and the Turkish regime in their imprisoning thousands of people  after the coup attempt in Turkey. I actually found out about this first  as casework. Pastor Brunson was from North Carolina. Then, slowly but  steadily, diplomacy wasn't working, and he found himself in a Turkish  prison--at one point in really what we would consider to be despicable  circumstances. He was in a prison cell that was designed for maybe 8 or  10 people that had had more than 20 in it, and none of them spoke the  English language.   Pastor Brunson was a missionary in Turkey for almost 20 years. He had  a church in Izmir, and all they tried to do for those who wanted to  hear the Word of God was to speak it. For that, he was ultimately  incarcerated and accused of being a part of the Turkish coup attempt.  It was about a year later that they issued an indictment for him. It  was a 62-page indictment that read like a horrible, fictional novel and  had some of the most absurd allegations you could possibly imagine.  Certainly, they were things that wouldn't keep you in jail overnight in  the United States but were things that were potentially going to have  Pastor Brunson convicted and spending 35 years in a Turkish prison.   We got word back that after the indictment was issued against Pastor  Brunson, he was afraid that the American people were going to believe  it, that we would simply move on, and that he would be left there at  the fate of the Turkish judiciary. When I heard that, the first thing I  told my staff is that I had to go to Turkey. I wanted to go to the  prison that Pastor Brunson was in, and I had the opportunity to meet  Norine, his wife, the day before. I went there, and across a table that  was about as wide as this desk, I told Pastor Brunson that we were not  going to forget him and were not going to stop until we got him  released from prison.   In a series of efforts here, for which I have to really compliment  all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, more than 72 Senators  signed on to a letter that encouraged Pastor Brunson's release. More  than 100 House Members signed on to a similar letter. We did everything  we could diplomatically to get Pastor Brunson released.   I decided I wanted to see how the court case was going, so I went  back to Turkey a few months after I had first met Pastor Brunson in the  prison, and I sat through 12 hours of so-called Turkish justice. I saw  this man stand before a dais of three judges and a prosecutor, where  basically you were assumed guilty until you proved innocence. His  defense attorney was as far away from him as is that wall. That is  Turkish justice. That is not anything we can imagine in this country,  but that is what this man was subjected to.   Over the course of several months and in working with the President,  Secretary Pompeo, the Vice President, and a number of other people, we  were able to get President Erdogan to recognize that this was a  political exercise, that it was not an exercise in justice, and that he  needed to be released.   A year ago this month, he was released, and now he is opening the  Senate in prayer. I thank Pastor Brunson for his perseverance. He went  through things that most of us cannot imagine, and Norine was his  strongest advocate.   I see the Parliamentarian looking at me as if I am not supposed to  recognize the fact that Norine Brunson is in the Gallery, so I will not  recognize that fact because that would be a violation of the rules.   They are a sight for sore eyes, and I am so glad to have them back in  this country. I know they are going to continue their missionary work  wherever they can. I thank them for their leadership and their deep  faith.   Thank you for opening the Senate today.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   