 Madam President, today I come to the floor to celebrate  the life and career of Bruce Davey Benson or, as so many people know,  Bruce D. Benson or, to all of us, just Bruce.   I first met Bruce Benson in 1994. Now, he will not remember this at  all, but I remember that I was a young college student at Colorado  State University. We were in the parking lot before a game. I had the  incredible honor of being one of the chosen ones to take the ram, our  mascot, around the football team at the football game before sporting  events throughout Colorado State University.   I remember, in 1994, when the campaign for Governor began, Bruce  Benson threw his hat in the ring to run against Roy Romer. He was  working the crowd at this Colorado State football game, and he came up  to those of us who were the ram handlers that were with the mascot,  shook our hands, and introduced himself. So from that moment, the first  chance I got to meet Bruce Benson in 1994, I knew it was going to be an  incredible opportunity and relationship that would lead into years of  public service for myself because of how incredible his public service  had been to the State of Colorado and the legacy he built.   This July, Bruce will be retiring as the president of the University  of Colorado system, which currently oversees four campuses in Colorado:  the University of Colorado Denver, CU Colorado Springs, the University  of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, and the CU Boulder campus--the  campus where I earned my law degree.   He has a long history of bettering the lives of Coloradoans. Prior to  his appointment as president of the University of Colorado, Bruce  established himself in business, philanthropy, politics, and education.   Bruce graduated from the University of Colorado in 1964 with a  bachelor of arts in geology and founded the Benson Mineral Group. This  is a great story of somebody pulling themselves up by their own  bootstraps--taking the education he was able to earn himself and using  it to build an incredible life of opportunity for his family and the  people of Colorado. What started out as a $6,000 drilling rig on the  back of his truck turned into a hugely successful operation, with a  reach extending into banking, real estate, and even cable television.   Bruce prioritized his community and the education of others within  it. Over the next 20 years, he would serve on the Colorado Commission  of Higher Education, the board of trustees for the Metro State College  of Denver, P-20 Education Coordinating Council, and the Governor's Blue  Ribbon Panel for Higher Education for the 21st Century, all of which he  chaired at one point.   He was involved in Colorado politics, serving as the chair for the  Colorado Republican Party, helping to identify candidates and being an  instrumental part in candidates' campaigns over many decades.   Bruce was appointed to the board of directors for the National Park  Foundation and served on the National Endowment for the Humanities--a  position that required his confirmation right here in front of the U.S.  Senate.   I remember the work he did on education issues--lobbying other  Senators, fighting for Colorado dollars, fighting for policies that  would help better Children's Hospital in Colorado, and fighting for  more funding for children's healthcare. After nearly 45 years in  business in Colorado, Bruce was inducted into the Colorado Business  Hall of Fame in 2009.   There is a saying about President Franklin Roosevelt, FDR. One time  when somebody was asked if they knew President Roosevelt, they said no,  but they felt President Roosevelt knew them. I think that saying can be  applied to Bruce Benson because even if you didn't know him or don't  know him in Colorado, odds are, if you are a Coloradan, he has had a  positive impact on your life. He welcomed diversity in the classroom,  not only in background but also in thought. He never wanted the  university to teach people what to think; he wanted the university to  teach them how to think. Bruce learned long ago that he didn't know  everything, but if you surround yourself with the best, the rest will  follow.   A lot has changed over the last 10 years of his leadership, and so  has the university and the State we both call home. We don't know where  we would be today without Bruce's fierce work ethic and drive to  educate those around him, but we know the future wouldn't be nearly as  bright. For all this and so much more, we owe him a great many thanks.   To President Benson, thank you for your service to our great State of  Colorado, and thank you for your friendship.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   