 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 27.   I thank Ranking Member Granger for allowing me to speak on this very  important issue, and I thank my distinguished colleagues on the other  side of the aisle. Mrs. Lowey is a friend from New York. We have served  together.   Madam Speaker, this situation is frustrating. We have come to a place  right now where I received a phone call last night from the Commandant  of the Coast Guard, Admiral Schultz. We talked about the wonderful men  and women who are serving so well and so hard and who are not going to  get a paycheck because of this situation.   We all want border security; I believe that. But I also believe that  President Trump is right, that we need a wall, a barrier.   I happen to represent the people of the Third District of Tennessee-- wonderful people, east Tennessee--and they tell me time and time again:  Build a wall; have a border; keep us safe; but we also want the  government open.   And when I look at the polling data, when I look at the phone calls,  it is high time that we get back to work, open the government, but keep  us safe.   In our districts, we all represent Republicans and Democrats and  Independents. Hopefully, most of the people vote. But even people who  pay their taxes who decide not to vote, they count on the American  Representatives, our House, to work, and they count on the Senate.   With all due respect, H.J. Res. 27 is dead on arrival in the United  States Senate. We know that. The American people know that. The  President knows that. We need a compromise on this wall issue right now  that will satisfy security, that will keep the American people safe,  and, yes, that will open the government.   Compromise is not a dirty word in this scenario. It is what we need  to do, and we need good faith. I am not alleging bad faith on anyone in  this body. I am saying it is time to call a timeout and get back to  work and do the people's business.   They sent us here to govern. We need to govern. We need a wall. We  need border security, and we need the government open. It is high time  that we get there   