 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, right now, HBCUs, like Wilberforce and  Central State in my State of Ohio, and other minority-serving  institutions are facing a fiscal cliff. If we don't act now, this week,  HBCUs and other schools will face crippling funding cuts. These schools  are a critical part of our Nation's higher education system. They have  a rich legacy and a proven track record of educating students of color  and other underrepresented students.   Wilberforce was founded in 1856 as the Nation's first private  institution of higher education for Black students in this country--an  institution that we are so proud of in southwestern Ohio. Central State  has a rich legacy of educating students and is an 1890 land-grant  institution.   Many of us worked in the last farm bill to right a historical wrong  and to make sure all 1890 land-grant universities, including Central  State, have access to the funding they deserve. They have fostered  generations of African-American students. We know that without HBCUs,  millions of Black students would have been denied the opportunity to  pursue higher education. There simply was no place for them in many  places in this country. They would have been left out of careers in  law, academia, agriculture, politics, the sciences, and so many other  fields.   Our country owes an enormous debt to HBCUs. Key funding for HBCUs and  minority-serving institutions--MSIs--expires September 30. Without this  funding, school budgets will be thrown into chaos. They will likely  consider program cuts and layoffs. We need to pass a clean extension.   The House has done its job and passed the FUTURE Act. It seems the  House is always doing its job. It passes legislation, and then the  legislation dies in the Senate graveyard. We have seen it on issue  after issue. This is as important as any of them. We must protect the  HBCUs. We must extend the mandatory funding for all MSIs for 2 years.  It is time for the Senate to do the same. HBCUs and MSIs have to  overcome enough hurdles every day to educate their students. The Senate  should not be one of those hurdles. We need to pass the FUTURE Act now.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, something happened in the last 48 hours or  so that affects 40,000 to 50,000 people in my State and affects,  literally, probably 1 million people or more around the country. These  are people who are making $30,000, $35,000, $40,000, or $45,000 a year.   Essentially, the President of the United States robbed them of their  overtime. This isn't histrionics. It is not alarmist. It is fact. This  is how it works. If you are managing a fast food restaurant and you are  making $40,000 a year, and if the company decides to call you the night  shift manager--the management decides to declare you as management--it  means they can work you 45, 50, 55, 60 hours a week and pay you not a  cent--not pay you time and a half. They don't pay you time and a half.  They don't even give you another cent more than your 40 hours.   In other words, if you are a moderate-income worker making $35,000 or  $40,000 a year--not enough to have a middle-class lifestyle like you  could have had in this country 20 or 30 years ago--and management  decides they are going to classify you as management, they can work you  as many hours as they want without a cent of overtime.   Now, that has been a problem for years. Five years ago, we fixed it.  The Vice President of the United States with Secretary Tom Perez came  out to Columbus, OH. I worked on this issue. We made this announcement  at a small manufacturing firm. They supported this agreement, and many  businesses did. This would have meant that for anybody making up to  about $46,000 a year, if they worked those extra hours and they were  called management, from then on they were going to get overtime--time  and a half. That is what overtime pay is about. That is what the  overtime rule is about.   President Trump loves to say that he is on the side of workers, but  you can't say you support workers individually if you don't support  workers collectively. The President says: I care about these individual  workers. If he really cared about these individual workers, he wouldn't  have, in essence, robbed 40,000 to 50,000 Ohioans--and I don't know how  many million Americans--of their overtime pay. We passed that rule. The  Obama administration sent the Secretary of Labor to Columbus, OH, and I  was there when we made this announcement. On behalf of 150,000 Ohio  workers who were making $30, $40, $45, and up to $46,000 a year, we  celebrated  [[Page S5687]]  that they were going to get time and a half. If they were away from  their family, working those extra 10 hours, which meant working 50  hours a week, or an extra 20 hours and working 60 hours a week, they  were going to take home thousands of dollars in overtime pay if they  did that week after week.   This President says he is for workers. Then, he changes this rule. In  a sense, he robbed those people. This new rule deprives millions of  workers, literally, of the pay they have earned. It is as disturbing as  anything I have seen from the President.   Like the Republican leader's office down the hall, I know the White  House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives. In the White  House, whatever corporate America wants, this White House gives them  every single time. If corporate America wants to block the minimum  wage, which hasn't been increased in 10 years, the President of the  United States blocks the minimum wage. If corporate America wants this  overtime rule done away with, compromised, or half-obliterated, saving  millions of dollars for corporate America, the President of the United  States does their bidding.   To do a renegotiation of NAFTA, or the North American Free Trade  Agreement, right to help workers, you enforce worker rules, and you  enforce labor rules. The President backed off from his campaign promise  and didn't do it.   There were lots of tax cuts for the rich. Almost 80 percent of the  corporate tax bill that President Trump pushed through Congress goes to  the richest 1 percent of the people. It is a betrayal. It is a White  House betrayal of workers every single day. For people making $30,000,  $40,000, $50,000, $80,000, or $90,000 a year, this White House betrays  them.   It is pretty simple. Think about the dignity of work. Whether you  punch a clock or whether you swipe a badge, whether you are raising  children, whether you are taking care of aging parents, whether you are  working on tips, or whether you are working on a middle-class salary,  all work has dignity. Instead, the President has undermined that  worker.   And we all know something about CEOs. When I was a kid, CEOs made  about 30 to 1 in CEO pay versus the average worker. Now it is about 300  to 1. Who gets the tax cuts in this country? The CEOs. Who gets hurt  every time? It is moderate wage earners.   I hear this talk of populism, that the President is a populist. Well,  populism is never racist or never anti-Semitic. It doesn't divide  people. It doesn't push some people down to lift people up. That is  what we have seen far too much of.   To me, this overtime rule was sort of the last straw. You give tax  cuts and massive giveaways to the wealthiest 1 percent and encourage  more corporations to move overseas.   The President's tax bill says this, which is almost not even  believable: If you have a company in Mansfield, OH, or Toledo, OH, you  pay a corporate tax rate of 21 percent. If you shut down that  production in Mansfield and Toledo and move to Guadalajara or  Guangzhou, you pay 10.5 percent. What does that do? That means more  companies are going to move overseas as wages continue to be depressed  in this country.   I was in the White House with the President in his Cabinet Room one  day during the tax bill. After he signed this tax bill, he said: You're  going to start seeing a lot more money in your paycheck.   We know that was a lie. Corporations reaped the benefits, and then  spent their windfall not on workers' wages or growing the company but  on stock buybacks.    General Motors received huge tax cuts. They moved more jobs overseas  and they shut production in Hamtramck, MI, and in places like  Lordstown, OH. He stacked his Cabinet and the National Labor Relations  Board with corporate stooges who spent their whole careers undermining  workers on behalf of corporations. His new Labor Secretary, Eugene  Scalia, is a corporate lawyer who has fought over and over against  worker rights. Think about this. The Secretary of Labor--whether it is  a pretty conservative Secretary of Labor, whom Republicans over here  are likely to support, or a more progressive, pro-worker Secretary of  Labor, whom Democrats are more likely to support--is usually somebody  who cares about workers and workers' rights. The new Secretary of Labor  appointed by President Trump is a corporate lawyer. He spent his entire  career attacking workers, attacking workers' rights, trying to put  unions out of business, trying to encourage decertification of  elections, and trying to come down every time on the side of  corporations against workers.   I said this before. You can't say you care about workers  individually, but then you don't side with workers collectively. What  does that mean? It means when that workers have a union, they get  better pay, they get better benefits, they have retirement, they have  healthcare, and they have more job security and more safety in the  workplace. But if you say you care about individual workers but you  don't care about workers collectively, then you simply don't care about  workers.   It comes down to this: Whose side are you on? Are you on the  corporations' side or American workers' side? Do you fight for Wall  Street or fight for the workers and fight for the dignity of work? Do  you honor work? Do you respect work? Do you pass legislation that  supports workers and rewards work or do you pass legislation to take,  literally, thousands of dollars out of the pockets of workers who  should be getting overtime but, because of this new Trump rule, they  lost their overtime.   The President promised to fight for American workers. He has broken  that promise over and over. If you love this country, you fight for the  people who make it work. We don't see that over here. We don't see that  in the majority leader's office, and we sure don't see that in the  White House.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   