 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Maloney and  Chairman Nadler for hosting this bipartisan Special Order hour this  evening to remember the attacks on September 11, 2001.   I thank the gentlewoman so much for all she does for our first  responders and for our country. We are all very grateful.   More than 700 New Jersey residents were among the nearly 3,000  Americans killed at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and on the  four planes that morning. The attacks were not only a declaration of  war on the American people, but also on our fundamental ideals of  freedom and liberty.   On 9/11, we lost more than 400 firefighters, police, EMTs, and other  first responders who all ran in to help, true patriots putting others  ahead of themselves.   And since that tragic morning, 2,000 first responders who were there  at the pile in the days, weeks, and months following have died from  illnesses from their exposure to toxic dust and debris.   Earlier this year, I was proud to stand right here on the House floor  alongside my colleagues in the New York and New Jersey delegations, led  by Mrs. Maloney and Mr. King and Chairman Nadler, calling for the  permanent authorization of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund, which,  through the tireless advocacy efforts of their fellow first responders  and survivors will provide our sick and dying 9/11 first responders and  their families with the support they need and deserve.    Just as we stood together then--not as Democrats or Republicans, but  as Americans--after those attacks 18 years ago, we must continue to do  so today and come together as a country for our children, for our first  responders, for our brave men and women in Active Duty, and for our  veterans.   I think our country has had enough of the fighting. I think people  want us to come together as one. They want us to work together, govern  together, and solve problems together under the flag.   Today, we are able to step back, to think and reflect and pray for  all the lives we lost that day and all those we have lost since. We  honor their legacies by coming together as a nation here in the  greatest country in the world and continuing to work to build a more  perfect Union.   As we remember those we lost and our veterans and our active  servicemembers and all of our first responders who continue to protect  us, may God bless all those we lost that day as well as their families,  those we have lost since, and may God bless those who bravely protect  us here at home and abroad every day. And may God to continue to bless  the United States of America.   