 Madam President, I rise to speak today about the vote we  cast earlier confirming GEN John Abizaid, Retired, to be U.S.  Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.   I was proud to vote for him. I think he is very well qualified for  that position. The position has been vacant since 2017. Other critical  countries in this most important region are without Ambassadors--Egypt,  Jordan, and Pakistan.   General Abizaid has his work cut out for him, and I want to speak  specifically about some of the challenges in Saudi Arabia now.   I believe there is a great day of reckoning that is now pending in  the U.S.-Saudi relationship.   Last week, the House of Representatives passed a Senate resolution  ordering the President to stop U.S. military action in support of Saudi  Arabia's intervention in Yemen's civil war. The Senate had earlier  acted on that bill in 2018. It went to the House and died. The Senate  took up the bill again recently, and the House passed it. The bill is  now on its way to the President's desk.   The President has indicated that he is likely to veto the bill, to  continue U.S. support for Saudi military activity in Yemen. If that  happens, the bill will come back to the Senate, and the Senate will  then have the opportunity to vote on whether that veto should be  overridden.   The House vote to withdraw U.S. support for this military activity  was 247 to 175. The Senate vote was 54 to 46.   The Yemen civil war has been a humanitarian disaster. Many of my  colleagues have spoken at length about this, so I will not speak at  length. Just to underline key points, it has been a humanitarian  disaster, and the United States should not be involved. Saudi  intervention has made it worse.   As of November 2018, nearly 7,000 civilians have been killed, nearly  11,000 had been wounded--the majority by Saudi Arabia-led coalition  airstrikes, many of which are targeted and prosecuted in amateurish  ways. Those statistics are according to the Office of the U.N. High  Commissioner for  [[Page S2367]]  Human Rights. The actual human casualties are actually much higher  because the war has led to famine and disease outbreaks that have  killed many more. Thousands have been displaced by fighting, and  millions are suffering from shortages of food and medical care, with  the country on the brink of famine. There are 12 to 13 million  civilians at risk of starvation largely because of the effects of this  civil war.   In addition to the poor prosecution of this military activity by  Saudi Arabia, there are other issues we have to grapple with.   A Virginia resident who is a Saudi citizen, Jamal Khashoggi, who was  a journalist for the Washington Post, criticized the Saudi policy in  Yemen. For his advocacy against the war, the Government of Saudi Arabia  lured him into their consulate in Istanbul and then tortured and  assassinated him, dismembering his body with a bone saw. Then the Saudi  Government engaged in a massive misinformation and disinformation  campaign, lying to the United States and to the world about what had  happened, saying that he had left the Embassy on his own, saying that  it had been an accident, coming up with all manner of excuses before  the even cursory investigation demonstrated that he had been  assassinated.   The U.S. intelligence community is unified in their assessment of  what happened to this Virginia resident--a gross violation of human  rights to assassinate a journalist, especially in a safe haven, which  is what a consulate is supposed to be.   In addition to the brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi, Saudi Arabia has  been arresting civil rights activists for years, including, recently,  two Virginia residents--Aziza al-Youssef, who is a Saudi citizen who  studied at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond and then went  to back to Saudi Arabia to teach women computer science. Her son, Salah  al-Haidar, also has been arrested for advocating for women's rights.  What rights are they advocating for? The right of women to drive. The  right of women to make some of their own decisions under Saudi law.  Decisions by women cannot be made independently but must generally be  agreed to by a father or a husband. Simply for advocating that women be  treated as equal, with equal rights, these Virginia residents and many  others have been jailed and tortured.   One would think that the United States would be up in arms about the  assassination of a U.S. resident journalist, about the arrest of U.S.  residents, including U.S. citizens advocating for women's rights, but  that is not the case. The President refuses to submit a report  determining whether Jamal Khashoggi's murder was a human rights  violation.   The Magnitsky Act was designed to promote cooperation between the  legislative and the executive branches. When Congress has information  that suggests there is a significant human rights violation by a  foreign government, we write a letter to the President. The President  has 120 days to investigate and then offer a determination as to  whether there was a human rights violation. It is a cooperative  dialogue. We wrote the letter, 120 days passed, and President Trump and  the administration will not answer it. They will not say there was a  human rights violation. They will not say there wasn't a human rights  violation.   I am not aware of their doing this for any other nation. For Saudi  Arabia, they are ignoring the clear requirements of the Magnitsky Act.  President Trump said: ``It could very well be that the Crown Prince had  knowledge of this event--maybe he did and maybe he didn't.'' That  comment is at odds with the assessment of the U.S. intelligence  community that this assassination was an official act of the Saudi  Arabian Government that would not have happened without the knowledge  of the Crown Prince, M.B.S.   The relationship following these arrests and this assassination has  not been downgraded or suffered repercussions within this  administration--in fact, to the contrary. Two weeks ago, right before  an Armed Services Committee hearing where Secretary of Energy Rick  Perry was testifying, we learned that the Trump administration has  approved secret transfers of nuclear technical information from  American companies to Saudi Arabia on seven occasions since 2017. These  transfers are called Part 810 authorizations. They require an approval  of the Department of Energy. Under my cross-examination, Secretary  Perry was forced to confirm that, yes, the administration has  authorized on seven occasions transfers of this nuclear know-how to  Saudi Arabia.   In the past, when these transfers were approved, they were made  public so that the American public and Congress could exercise  oversight on which nations in the world are being given nuclear  technology, but in this instance and possibly others in this  administration, the approvals were kept secret.   Why are they secret now? We know that Saudi Arabia is intent on  building a nuclear program. That is well covered. But they haven't  agreed to the nonproliferation rules that would prevent the development  of nuclear weapons. The Nuclear Non-Proliferation treaty is a bedrock  principle of international law that the United States has supported for  a very long time.   The principle is simple. We would not want countries to get nuclear  technology unless they give us guarantees that technology is only for  peaceful use, medical research, power production but not to produce  nuclear weapons.   We are transferring this technical know-how to the Saudi Arabian  Government secretly, without yet requiring that they sign on to the  important safety protections in the NPT. It is only logical that  Congress would want to know more about these approvals to make sure  they don't spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East.   In the recent hearing, I asked Secretary Perry about whether the  secret approvals of nuclear information transfer occurred before or  after the October 2018 murder of Jamal Khashoggi. He claimed not to  know. He has indicated he would provide that information in response to  written questions. I submitted the written questions. He has still not  provided the information. It is wrong to do these transfers without  letting Congress know; it is wrong to do these transfers when Saudi  Arabia has not yet agreed to the principles that would disallow nuclear  proliferation; and it would certainly be wrong to agree to transfers of  this kind of information after the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi,  but as of yet the administration hasn't given us the data.   Beyond just the timing, who is getting these secret approvals?  Secretary Perry said the approvals were secret because there is  proprietary information. Companies might not want to have information  that they have developed through their own research available to all,  but that doesn't explain it. You don't have to give the proprietary  information to indicate what company has gotten an approval on what day  to do the transfer.   Who is getting these secret approvals? One major nuclear firm,  Westinghouse, has been reported as a frontrunner in the competitive  effort to do nuclear reactor construction in Saudi Arabia. Westinghouse  is owned by the same investors who bailed White House adviser Jared  Kushner out of a bad real estate deal. Remember, Jared Kushner was  originally denied a security clearance in the White House due to  concerns about foreign influence and personal financial conflicts.  Additional reporting connects disgraced National Security Advisor  Michael Flynn--who has been convicted for lying about his ties to and  communication with foreign governments--to the push for the Saudi  nuclear deal.   Finally, earlier today, I asked Secretary Pompeo in a Foreign  Relations Committee hearing about public reports in The National  Interest, in September of 2018, that say the Saudis have a robust anti- ballistic missile program that has been largely built on Chinese  missiles--missiles from China that were constructed originally to carry  nuclear warheads--but that the Saudis have apparently used with  nonnuclear payloads or outfitted with nonnuclear payloads.   The National Interest article that I entered into the Record, dated  September 21, 2018, indicated that, in Saudi Arabia, these missiles  have been arranged so some of them would be directed toward Tehran and  others would be directed toward Israel. All of these  [[Page S2368]]  issues are on the table: poor prosecution of a civil war leading to  humanitarian disaster, the murder of a U.S. resident journalist, the  arrest of U.S. residents for women's rights activism, secret transfers  of nuclear technology without letting Congress know, and then the story  I asked Secretary Pompeo about today. The buildup of an anti-ballistic  missile program based significantly on Chinese missiles leads me to  ask: Why would we help Saudi Arabia in a disastrous war in Yemen? Why  would we turn a blind eye to Saudi human rights abuses? Why would we  transfer nuclear know-how and plan for a nuclear deal with Saudi Arabia  when they haven't agreed to nonproliferation rules that we expect other  Nations to agree to in a way that would possibly spark an arms race in  the Middle East? My final question is, who in the United States is  benefiting from this?   When I asked the Secretary of State this morning, again, on the dates  of the nuclear approvals and did they occur before or after the  assassination of Jamal Khashoggi, I am sure he knew I was going to ask  him that question. I asked Secretary Perry the question 2 weeks ago. I  submitted that question for the record. He knew I was going to ask him  that question, and he said he couldn't give me any information about  the approvals; he would have to get back to me about them.   Congress is not a student government. Congress is supposed to, as the  article I branch, exercise oversight over important matters. There is  hardly anything more important than the spread of nuclear technologies  that could be used to proliferate weapons of mass destruction anywhere  in the world, especially in a region as dangerous as the Middle East.   These are the items that Ambassador Abizaid will need to deal with in  his new role, but we need to exercise proper congressional oversight of  this relationship because there are so many problems with it right now  that are not being addressed by this administration. I think only  Congress can address them. I hope my colleagues will join me with that  oversight.   I yield the floor.   