 Today, I am joined by Senator Van Hollen in reintroducing  the Consumer Credit Control Act, which gives consumers greater control  over when and how their consumer reports are shared by consumer  reporting agencies.   Our current consumer reporting system is backwards. Consumer  reporting agencies collect extensive amounts of personal information on  consumers, often without their knowledge, in order to compile consumer  reports. These reports are then shared with financial institutions and  others, typically without consent.   Following Equifax's failure in 2017 to secure troves of valuable  personally identifiable information it collected on over 145 million  Americans, it was evident that this system had to change. Indeed, the  National Consumer Law Center's Chi Chi Wu stated in her October 2017  testimony before the House Financial Services Committee that the  Equifax breach ``means half of the US population and nearly three- quarters of the consumers with active credit reports are now at risk of  identity theft due to one of the worst--if not the worst--breaches of  consumer data in American history. These Americans are at risk of  having false new credit accounts. phony tax returns, and even spurious  medical bills incurred in their good names.'' To make matters worse.  the risks of identity fraud may not dissipate over time. As Ed   Today, I am joined by Senator Van Hollen in reintroducing  the Consumer Credit Control Act, which gives consumers greater control  over when and how their consumer reports are shared by consumer  reporting agencies.   Our current consumer reporting system is backwards. Consumer  reporting agencies collect extensive amounts of personal information on  consumers, often without their knowledge, in order to compile consumer  reports. These reports are then shared with financial institutions and  others, typically without consent.   Following Equifax's failure in 2017 to secure troves of valuable  personally identifiable information it collected on over 145 million  Americans, it was evident that this system had to change. Indeed, the  National Consumer Law Center's Chi Chi Wu stated in her October 2017  testimony before the House Financial Services Committee that the  Equifax breach ``means half of the US population and nearly three- quarters of the consumers with active credit reports are now at risk of  identity theft due to one of the worst--if not the worst--breaches of  consumer data in American history. These Americans are at risk of  having false new credit accounts. phony tax returns, and even spurious  medical bills incurred in their good names.'' To make matters worse.  the risks of identity fraud may not dissipate over time. As Ed  