 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I just listened to the majority leader  come to the floor and tell Members of the Senate that they should close  their eyes and box their ears to the current scandal that is engulfing  the White House and the Trump administration. I heard the majority  leader accuse Democrats of ``politicizing'' President Trump's demand  that the Government of Ukraine interfere in the 2020 election. That is  a laughable charge, and it is not going to silence us on this matter of  grave importance.   First of all, I have no idea what it means to politicize something  these days. News flash: We are politicians. We practice politics. That  is our job. I get told very often that I am politicizing gun violence  when I suggest that maybe we should pass laws in order to change the  daily trajectory of violence in this country. Yet the very reason we  are here is to protect the safety of our constituents and to protect  the sanctity of our democracy.   What we are standing up for right now is the rule of law, and I hope,  over the course of this week, my Republican colleagues will join us in  that basic responsibility that Members of the Senate and House of  Representatives have.   We see the rule of law slipping away from us right now. We see our  Nation being turned into a banana republic where the President can do  anything he wants and turn the organs of state into his permanent  political machine--his means of crushing his opponents. Today we see  that many of my Republican colleagues are not just letting it happen  but facilitating it.   There has to be a line that the President cannot cross. There has to  be a moment when we all stand up and say: This has gone too far.   The President has admitted this weekend to asking a foreign leader to  open an investigation into one of his political opponents as a means of  advancing himself politically. That is not allowed in a democracy. That  fundamentally corrupts the foreign policy of our Nation. It makes us  all less safe when foreign governments now wonder whether they are  going to be enlisted into the political operation of the President of  the United States. This has always been a no-go area for Democratic and  Republican administrations because we understand the vast power the  Presidency has. If the President chooses to use that power and the  leverage he has over people in this country and in other countries to  do his political bidding, then there is nothing to protect any of us  from the executive branch.   The idea that the President can openly admit that he is asking a  foreign government to get involved in his political reelection  campaign--and believe that he will get away with it--suggests a belief  in the impunity surrounding his office. We should all be concerned  about that.   At the very least, if my Republican colleagues don't share my grave  alarm at the disclosures of the last 48 hours, then we should at least  agree that the whistleblower complaint needs to come before the  Congress unredacted. There is no fuzzy penumbra around this law. It is  clear as day. If a whistleblower makes a complaint that is deemed  urgent in nature, it must be presented to the Congress. The President  cannot hold it back; the executive branch cannot make it a secret.   What makes it worse is that the President seems to be playing a game  with this whistleblower complaint. He seems to be teasing out little  bits of information that are contained in it here and there in order to  play to his political advantage. It is even worse than holding back the  complaint from us. He is now using pieces of it to try to gain  advantage over his political opponents.   At the very least, over the next 24 hours, we need to come to a  conclusion that the law needs to be followed. If the President can  withhold from us whistleblower complaints that are not flattering to  him--that potentially implicate him--then what is the point of having a  whistleblower law? What is the point of having a process to protect  people who are uncovering corruption in the administration if the  administration can keep those complaints secret?   Let's just be honest. If this President gets away with it, the next  Democratic President can get away with it, and the next Republican  President can get away with it. We will have lost all of our power to  see into the wrongdoing of an administration. There will be a day when  Republicans want to see into potential wrongdoing of an administration  of the opposite party, but that will be all gone if we don't, at the  very least, come to the conclusion that we need to see it as the law  states.   That is just the beginning because I think--as the President has  advertised--that complaint is going to show he did, indeed, try to  pressure a foreign government to conduct investigations into one of his  political opponents. I think this is a really serious moment for the  country. I think it is a really serious moment for the prerogatives of  the article I branch.   I understand that my Republican colleagues may not be ready to talk  about consequences for the administration for their wrongdoing, but, at  the very least, we need to come together and make sure we have all of  the information necessary.   By the way, it doesn't end with the whistleblower complaint because  the whistleblower complaint is likely going to raise even more  questions that we are going to have to answer. We have a duty to then  go out and find additional information.   For many, the President's admission of guilt may be enough to make a  determination about what the next steps are. But for those who aren't  persuaded that there have to be consequences for the President's  admission of corruption, then we should use the organs at our disposal  to try to figure out the rest of the details surrounding this incident  or series of incidents. What kinds of contacts have the President's  representatives been having with the Ukrainian Government? Has the  State Department been involved in trying to do the President's  political bidding in and around Ukraine? How many people in the  administration knew about this? Who tried to stop it? Who has been  involved in keeping the whistleblower complaint from us? There are so  many questions that need to be answered here, and it should be our  responsibility to get to the bottom of all of them.   I think this is a really serious moment for this country. I think the  minute the President is able to turn the foreign policy of this Nation  into a vehicle for his own political advancement is the day that  democracy, as we know it, slips away from us. If we aren't ready to  have a bipartisan conversation about consequences and remedies this  week, then let's at least have  [[Page S5621]]  some bipartisan consensus in the way that this place used to have all  the time, making sure that we have all of the information necessary to  move forward.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   