 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I am thankful for the opportunity to speak  today on my amendment.   In recognition of the escalating severity of youth suicide rates in  the United States and also in my congressional district, I propose a  funding increase of $6.5 million for the Garrett Lee Smith Campus  Suicide Prevention grant to be used for youth suicide awareness and  prevention with a corresponding reduction from the Substance Abuse and  Mental Health Services Administration, and this includes training  school personnel and high school students on the signs of suicide.   Suicide is the second leading cause of death in America for young  people between the ages of 15 and 19. Missouri  [[Page H4569]]  statistics surpassed that of our Nation's average on almost every  account, from every age group to race and ethnicity.   The 2018 Missouri High School Principal of the Year, Jeff  Meisenheimer, came to my office recently. His chief concern was that  our youth today are in distress; that suicide rates are rising; and  school personnel need resources to help these vulnerable students.   Two years ago in his school, Lee's Summit North High School, which is  located in my district, a hardworking, young woman with a contagious  smile named Gemesha Thomas died by suicide in the school. She actually  went in the girl's restroom and shot herself.   My grandson was at the school at the time, and they evacuated the  school. I was actually speaking with him by phone from here. He was  outside trying to figure out what was going on.   This is a tragedy. There is no other word for it, but we have got to  do all we can to try to help prevent this. Disturbingly, this situation  is becoming more and more common and we have to do something about it.   These tragedies do not exist in a vacuum. According to the Jason  Foundation, four out of five teens who attempt suicide give clear  warning signs.   Madam Chair, I want to applaud the committee's commitment on this  issue and the increase in funding for youth suicide prevention in this  bill. However, we must do more. This is why I propose an increase in  funding for the Garrett Lee Smith Campus Suicide Prevention grant  program because it puts resources in the hands of those who are on the  front lines of training for our future.   Let's do everything within our power to reduce death by suicide and  give our future leaders a fighting chance.   I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   