 Mr. President, our ranking member on the Committee on  Commerce, Science, and Transportation has always framed the issue of  net neutrality and consumer rights appropriately.   I am going to speak for just a few minutes. Then, on behalf of our  side--on behalf of the Democratic caucus--Senator Markey, our friend  from Massachusetts, will propound a unanimous consent request. I note  that the chairman of the committee is here, and we will have a bit of  discussion.   Let me give a bit of history on this.   Senator Markey introduced the first net neutrality bill as a Member  of the other Chamber, and I introduced the first net neutrality bill in  the U.S. Senate. Right out of the gate, I think it is important for  people to understand what this issue is all about. Real net neutrality  empowers consumers. After they pay their internet access fees, they get  to go where they want, when they want, and how they want. What Ajit Pai  and Donald Trump want is something very different. They want an  internet policy that lets Big Cable get what it wants, when Big Cable  wants it, and how Big Cable wants it. That is the difference here.   Who is in the driver's seat?   Senator Markey, Senator Cantwell, and I say that this is what the  beauty of the internet has always been about, which is really simple.  The consumer is in the driver's seat. We don't have an information  aristocracy with lanes and all kinds of favoritism for the powerful and  the influential. It is where the student, the small business, and the  person without power and clout gets the same fair shake as everybody  else.   What we have said is we want to keep the consumer in the driver's  seat, and Mr. Pai and Donald Trump want a different notion of internet  freedom. What they really want to say is that internet freedom is Big  Cable freedom. That is their idea about how we ought to approach the  internet. At the end of the day, if the policy here is about letting  Big Cable rig the internet in favor of those who can afford to pay more  and shake down everybody else, people will have a choice to do that,  but that is not the choice Senator Markey and I are going to make.   Cable companies are already tricking people into buying so-called  unlimited service plans that limit their service. People have uncovered  the way they have throttled service for particular users, including for  first responders in times of emergency. Megamergers that involve  telecom and entertainment companies also limit competition and threaten  to balkanize the internet.   We are talking about fracturing the internet into small bundles that  cost big money. That is the vision the cable companies have--not net  neutrality--by which you head in a direction whereby consumers pay a  lot more for entertainment and information and small businesses scratch  their heads and ask: How in the world am I going to compete with the  big guys online? Fortunately, the courts recently said the Trump  administration can't overrule States on net neutrality.   I look forward to being in my home State of Oregon in a couple of  days and having town meetings. What I like the most is when people  speak up on issues like fairness and net neutrality, and I am going to  hear about it this weekend. Other States have policies like Oregon's as  well.   Here in Congress, on this side of the aisle--and you will see it when  Senator Markey offers his proposal in a moment--we are going to keep up  the fight to protect consumers from Ajit Pai and the Trump FCC. We  still have that vision of the original internet that Senator Markey and  I talked about when he offered the first proposal in the House and I  offered the first proposal in the Senate. What could be more simple  than putting the consumer in the driver's seat? You can say where you  want to go, when you want, and how you want. Now we are talking today-- years later--about the cable companies being able to say they are going  to decide those very issues.   I am very pleased--and I think it is very appropriate--that after  years of leadership on this issue in both the other body and in the  U.S. Senate that Senator Markey is going to speak for our caucus on  this issue and call for the Senate to pass his legislation so as to  have a truly free and open internet for the entire country.   If you don't get the Markey proposal, what you are going to see are  big cable companies that will, bit by bit, little by little, keep  ratcheting up the cost of internet access. By the way, their strategy  is to do that little by little because they are hoping nobody will ever  complain and that nobody will notice. Senator Markey and I and our  caucus have figured out that the cable companies are trying to disguise  price hikes and data limits in the end by flashing discounts on bundles  of content. What the cable people are talking about is a bad deal for  consumers, and it is a bad deal because Ajit Pai and Donald Trump want  to put Big Cable profits over the interests of the typical American.   With my full support, I appreciate Senator Markey's offering this  legislation today. In going forward, we are going to be working with  him to keep up this fight, and I look forward to the discussion.   I notice that my colleague from the end of the alphabet and my  friend, the chairman of the committee, is here, and we will have a  little back-and-forth.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, when the Trump administration comes to an  end, it is going to leave behind a host of sad and, I would consider,  shameful legacies, and right near the top of the list will be the  shocking number of children who have lost healthcare coverage under  this administration.   I am sure folks can't really see the specific numbers here, but this  trend line is what is important, taking figures from the Census  Department--people who are not political; they are not Democrats or  Republicans. What this chart, based on census data shows, is that, for  year after year after year, we saw the number of uninsured kids in  America go down. That is something I think was important for our  country. It said a lot about our values, and it certainly said a lot  about our healthcare system.   Sure, we are going to spend more than $3.5 trillion on healthcare. If  you were to divide that up into 320 million Americans, you can send  every family of four a check for $40,000. So we are spending enough on  healthcare, but we are not spending it in the right places.   In particular, I wanted to come to the floor--and I am glad to see my  friend, the Presiding Officer, who has worked with me on a variety of  healthcare issues; we have some areas we are going to be talking about  in the days ahead. To me, one of the areas of healthcare, until  recently, we could all take pride in was this chart, which nobody could  really see, but it showed this trend line in which the number of  uninsured kids was going down.   Unfortunately, in the Trump administration, that trend line of years  and years and years of more kids getting healthcare coverage has been  reversed, and now more kids are uninsured.   How did the Trump people do it? They are not going to stand up in  front of a government agency and say: Oh, we just don't like kids. But  what they did is hurt those kids and their parents by keeping them in  the dark for years while there were efforts, bipartisan ones--my  friend, who joined the Finance Committee recently, knows that our  previous chairman, Senator Hatch, worked with me for a record-setting  extension for the Children's Health Insurance Program. The efforts to  expand coverage for kids were all bipartisan--always--going back,  really, for decades now, particularly on the Finance Committee.   I think of the late Senator John Chafee and the late Senator John  Heinz--people whom I admire so much--and they always wanted to find  common ground, Democrats and Republicans, working for children. But now  the Trump administration, in the dark, has come up with proposals that  have made it harder for parents to sign up their kids, harder for them  to stay enrolled, and harder for these families--parents with young  kids--to even know about their rights, their rights to healthcare.   So now, as a result of the Trump administration's reversing this  trend of years and years of expanded coverage for kids, we have  hundreds of thousands of parents clinging to the hope that their kids  don't get hurt on the playground, catch flu in the classroom, or worse.   We know that this falls hardest on the families walking an economic  tightrope. Every month they are balancing their food against their fuel  bill, their fuel bill against their healthcare. One injury, one  illness, could be financially devastating for these kids and their  families, and it can be a major setback for kids for years, if not for  the rest of their lives. How is a sick kid supposed to succeed in  school and get ahead if they are unable to see a doctor when they have  serious illnesses?   I have mentioned that I know the two sides--this side of the aisle  and that side of the aisle--can work together to find common ground on  children's healthcare.   At the end of his service, Chairman Hatch--who, as my colleague the  distinguished Presiding Officer knows, cared greatly about kids; he was  very involved with the late Senator Ted Kennedy and others in coming up  with the children's health plan--said: We want to set a record. We want  to get a 10-year extension of the Children's Health Insurance Program.   We managed to do it. But if you cut the services for people to find  out how to get enrolled, stay enrolled, and if there are changes in  programs, those changes in policy, which took place when the Trump  administration came to Washington, rippled through very quickly to  communities across the country where vulnerable Americans depend on  getting good quality healthcare. I just think it is unconscionable.   As I mentioned earlier in my remarks, for a country with the  resources America has, you wouldn't step in if you saw this trend of  progress--fewer uninsured kids--suddenly be reversed. And it really  happened very quickly. When the Trump administration took over, you  would say: Hey, let's get Democrats and Republicans together, pull out  all the stops to fix it, and get the trend line going in the right  direction again with more kids getting healthcare coverage. We would  have had to take on the Trump administration here in the Congress. We  would have had to take on all of those programs in which the Trump  administration made it harder for kids to get enrolled and to stay  enrolled, but it would have been the right thing. It would have been  the right thing for Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to step  in and take on the Trump administration and say: Look, we understand  there can be debates and differences of opinion, but you don't score  points by attacking the services for children available under the  Affordable Care Act.    I am going to keep working to reverse this crisis. My colleagues have  been coming from this side of the aisle all through the day to talk  about this scourge: the reversal of the trend in this country with  respect to healthcare coverage. We used to be expanding it for kids.  Now it is going the other way. The amount of coverage is being reduced.  [[Page S6940]]    I just want to say, as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance  Committee, which has jurisdiction over many of the healthcare programs  that are most important for kids and families on an economic tightrope,  I and I know my colleagues on the Finance Committee--several of whom  have spoken over the last few days on this subject--would be glad to  work with any Republican in this Senate who wants to turn this around.  If any Republican is listening to this and wants to come to the floor  and say: I am interested. I am interested in turning around this  ominous trend. I am interested in turning around this trend where  healthcare coverage for kids is going down, and I want to work with  Democrats to do it, I will commit, as the ranking Democrat on the  Finance Committee, to say: Thank goodness. We have to get on this. This  is too important to our country and to our future to just sit idly by  and say we are going to reduce the number of kids who are getting  healthcare coverage because we are not going to give parents the  opportunity to find out how to get enrolled and stay enrolled and know  what their rights are.   A country as strong and good and rich as ours ought to be looking for  every possible opportunity to help kids get ahead in life. That, in my  view, starts with access to healthcare. Right up at the top of the  list, it starts, in my view, by saying that this trend line, which  after years and years of showing more kids were getting covered, is now  going the other way, and fewer kids are getting covered. We are going  to say, as a body in the U.S. Senate: We are going to change that, and  in a country that is as strong and good and rich as ours, those  vulnerable families are going to be able to get healthcare again.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that two members of  my team, Whitney Wagner and Brian Webster, be granted floor privileges  for the remainder of the Congress.   