 Mr. President, in a short time the Senate will vote on  final passage of a bipartisan agreement to lift the budget caps for 2  years and extend the debt ceiling. It is an agreement that will  strengthen our national security and provide our troops with the  resources they need to do a very difficult and often dangerous job.  Importantly, it will clear the way for critical investments in  America's middle class, as well as for those struggling to get to the  middle class, in healthcare, education, childcare, cancer research, our  veterans, and more.   For too long, the arbitrary, draconian limits of sequester have  hampered our ability to invest in working Americans and our military  readiness. This deal ends the threat of sequester permanently. That is  huge.   As large forces erode the financial security of the middle class-- globalization, automation, technological advancement--one of the only  forces large enough to push back on the side of the middle class and  help them is the Federal Government.   Investing in education, healthcare, infrastructure, and childcare is  how we give middle-class Americans greater security and give Americans  struggling to get into the middle class a ladder up--something this  government has done for decades and decades but hasn't been doing very  well since the sequester has been in effect.   The sequester has hamstrung our ability to make investments in the  middle class for 8 years--but no longer. Thank God.   Not only does this agreement end the sequester, it includes a  significant increase in support for domestic priorities. In fact, the  budget deal increases domestic budget authority $10 billion more than  defense. In the 3 years of Trump's Presidency and a Republican Senate,  Democrats have secured over $100 billion in increases for domestic  programs. That means additional resources for the States to combat the  opioid epidemic; support for VA hospitals caring for our veterans;  cancer  [[Page S5288]]  research and other critical medical research that have saved the lives  of literally millions; climate and clean energy technology; reducing  the burden of college debt; infrastructure and transportation  improvements.   So this $100 billion is not abstract. It means jobs; it means ladders  up; and it means hope for the American people, who are often pushed  around by forces much larger than themselves.   Finally, this legislation lays the groundwork to avoid another  government shutdown and will preserve the full faith and credit of the  United States.   As my colleagues know well, the House has already passed this  legislation and recessed for the State work period. The President  supports it. Reportedly he is calling Members to encourage them to vote  yes. The final piece to this puzzle is the Senate's stamp of approval.   I want to salute Senator Leahy, our ranking member, all of the  members of the Appropriations Committee, and all of those who came up  with this bipartisan agreement.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote yes. Let's  give our military, our middle class a boost before the Senate adjourns  today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   