 Madam Chair, I rise not against this bill, but I have  concerns about a provision capping the veterans' training benefits.  This severely undermines the important goal of helping our Nation's  veterans enter a field where they are desperately needed.   H.R. 1947 does have needed improvements for structural veteran flight  training benefits. This includes an accelerated payment provision to  provide greater flexibility and a more efficient funding mechanism to  help veterans complete their flight training.   The bill also provides coverage for obtaining a private pilot's  license when it is incorporated into the requirements of a professional  flight training program.   Additionally, this action provides flexibility to public schools,  allowing them to contract for flight training, which, in turn, makes  aviation training more available to interested veterans.   There is improved fiscal responsibility by the government, and there  is strong support for tightening the existing regulations of the  Department of Veterans Affairs to curb abuses by a minority of flight  schools affiliated with collegian degree programs. However, the bill  caps payments for flight  [[Page H4051]]  training programs, which unfairly impacts the ability of veterans to  pursue well-paying jobs in the civilian aviation sector.   Capping funds available for flight training degree programs virtually  guarantees that veterans seeking to use their GI Bill benefits to enter  the aviation industry will have insufficient funds to achieve their  goals. They will either abandon their pursuit or be burdened with  significant personal debt through either expenditure of personal funds  or taking on severe student loans. This will harm veterans and limit  their employment opportunities in the aviation industry.    It is unfair and discriminatory to single out these funding caps for  veterans seeking employment in aviation. These caps deprive them of the  ability to pursue collegian flight training, a common path to a career  as a commercial pilot.   I hope this provision can be addressed prior to finding its way to  the President. These jobs in aviation are in high demand, and our  veterans are some of the most deserving and most needed.   