 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   For more than a year, Republicans have been speaking forcefully about  the use of FISA to gather intelligence on people associated with the  Trump campaign. The concern is that some information was  inappropriately included in an application submitted to the FISA court  which then found probable cause and granted an order to authorize  surveillance of a Trump associate.   I appreciate my colleague's concerns about Americans' Fourth  Amendment rights, but if my colleagues are concerned about the part of  FISA used during the 2016 Presidential campaign, they should be  terrified of section 702.   Under section 702 of FISA, the FISA court does not approve targets.  There are no individualized applications or requirements to show  probable cause in order to collect communications. The government can  search and sweep in billions of communications, including  communications of Americans, and then query that data for a particular  American's communications without a warrant.   The communications can be used to investigate and prosecute  Americans. The government can use an American's data to send them to  prison without ever obtaining a warrant for it.   The Amash-Lofgren amendment puts in basic safeguards to allow the  government to continue using section 702 for its stated purpose of  gathering foreign intelligence, while limiting the government's  warrantless collection of Americans' communications under FISA.   This amendment gives my Republican colleagues an opportunity to show  that their concern about Fourth Amendment violations extends to the  countless Americans that are impacted by the government's warrantless  FISA surveillance.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, a vote for this amendment is also a vote  to keep the President in check. For 2 years now my Democratic  colleagues have spoken about the administration's violation of civil  liberties and its disregard for laws passed by Congress.   Section 702 is a broad authority with limited oversight and its  regular use involves the warrantless collection of Americans' data.  Even under previous administrations, the government has misled or kept  information from Congress about its use of surveillance authorities,  including their impact on Americans.   The government has also repeatedly failed to abide by legal  limitations placed on those surveillance powers. The Fourth Amendment  recognizes that broad surveillance powers are too dangerous to be put  in the hands of any President.   The Amash-Lofgren amendment protects Fourth Amendment secured rights  by limiting the ability of the President to unconstitutionally collect  Americans' communications without a warrant.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, how much time do I have remaining?    Madam Chairwoman, my colleague is parroting the same thing  we hear each time we try to make any reforms to the government  surveillance authorities. These arguments are no longer credible.   Just a few months ago, the former Director of National Intelligence  admitted that the government ``may have oversold'' the importance of  the NSA's dragnet of Americans' phone records when Congress was  considering reforms in 2013. Now we have seen reports that the program  has been shuttered entirely despite the government's dire warnings  about limiting it to protect Americans' rights.   Madam Chair, my amendment still allows the government to use section  702 for its purpose of surveilling foreigners overseas. All it does is  limit things like collecting fully domestic communications.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Texas, (Mr. Roy).    Madam Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining?    Madam Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Jordan).    Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from Ohio.    Madam Chairwoman, when I go back to my district, I hear  from my constituents and they always ask: What is wrong with  Washington? We can see what is wrong with Washington right here. We  have Republicans for months saying: We are worried about FISA abuse.  FISA is out of control.   Here we are trying to limit FISA, and they are running against it.  They are saying: No, we can't limit FISA. Democrats say: We want to  hold the President in check. Executive powers are out of control.   We have an amendment to hold the President in check. This is our time  to stand up for the American people.   I am sick of going home and telling them that neither side wanted to  defend their rights. I want to thank Ms. Lofgren for joining me in this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   