 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding  and also for the opportunity to bring up an important issue to my  district and State.   As you all know, Hurricane Michael had a devastating effect on my  district. One of the most important areas in my district that was  destroyed was Tyndall Air Force Base.   The underlying bill before the House today contains $700 million for  planning, design, and construction related to the consequences of  Hurricane Michael at Tyndall Air Force Base. This funding would support  the relocation of the F-22s, the beddown of the F-35s, and the planning  of facility construction so that the base can continue to recover.   This is a down payment for the Air Force, and it signals that  Congress is committed to rebuilding Tyndall Air Force Base because  Tyndall will need additional funds.    I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida.    Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Wasserman Schultz for  agreeing to work with me going forward to address appropriate funding  levels and types of facilities that will be necessary to bring Tyndall  back to life.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Yes, in its current form.    Madam Speaker, this motion to recommit strikes title 12  from the bill, H.R. 268. This was inserted by Democratic leadership at  the eleventh hour today. Title 12 is a continuing resolution, meaning  it will never be taken up or passed by the Senate; it will never be  signed by the President.   Three months ago, Hurricane Michael devastated north Florida,  Georgia, and Alabama. Five months ago, Hurricane Florence caused severe  damage in all of the Carolinas. Wildfires in California, all fall long,  caused billions of dollars in damage and took almost 100 lives.  Typhoons and volcanos in Hawaii and the American trust territories also  caused savage destruction. Disaster victims across the Nation are in  dire need of our help right now.   Today, we will be voting on a bill that we had been told would be a  stand-alone emergency funding bill, addressing only the 2018 disasters,  unencumbered by hot button, divisive issues. Unfortunately, we are  voting on a very different bill. House Democrat leadership pulled a  bait-and-switch at the last minute and made this otherwise good bill  into an attack on President Trump.   Madam Speaker, my people at home are hurting. I worked hard on this  bill. I truly believed that we were having a good faith conversation on  how to help suffering victims all across our Nation.   Instead, House Democrats chose to play political games rather than  help our victims. They knew full well, when they inserted this poison  pill continuing resolution at the eleventh hour, that they doomed any  chance of this bill passing the Senate, and yet they did just that. It  is now dead on arrival in the Senate.   I have people back home, in my district, sleeping in tents, in the  cold, in the rain, because FEMA housing has not yet arrived.   I lost two hospitals. One was a level two trauma center. That has  never happened in the history of the country.   I have sheriff's deputies who are homeless, but they are still  working. They are still performing their duties. They are still  protecting and serving the people. You would like to think that  Congress could follow their example.   Madam Speaker, the people of America have lost a great deal of faith  in their government over the years. But the one thing that they still  believe in is that when a disaster strikes, their government will come  to their aid. And now we are letting them down on even that simple  promise.   I won't allow the people of north Florida, suffering after Hurricane  Michael, to be used as political pawns against the President. That is  why I urge all Members of this House to support the motion to recommit.  We can remove the bitterly divisive part of this bill and pass a truly  bipartisan, compassionate bill that provides urgently needed relief to  millions of people across all of our Nation and our territories, who  are desperate for that relief. After we address this disaster, we can  work on a compromise to address border security and reopen the rest of  the government.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the motion to recommit, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   