 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, let me begin by saying what this  amendment will not do.   It will not end our security relationship with Saudi Arabia. It will  not prevent us from helping the Saudis defend themselves against the  Houthis or Iran or anybody else. It won't prevent us from working with  them to deal with maritime threats in the Persian Gulf or from sharing  intelligence about terrorism.   It will not, in other words, preclude us from doing anything that is  in America's national security interest.   All it will do is stop something that is categorically harmful to our  national interest: the provision of offensive weapons that enable Saudi  Arabia to keep defying our advice by bombing Yemen and prolonging the  war there.   There is a reason why people say that this war has caused the world's  worst humanitarian crisis. More than 200,000 civilians have been killed  or died of starvation.   While the Houthis are to blame for much of this, Saudi and UAE  airstrikes are responsible for two-thirds of Yemeni civilian  casualties.   There was a strike on a funeral where more than 150 civilians were  killed, a strike on a school bus that killed 40 kids, on a Save the  Children Hospital, on a wedding.   These were not mistakes. These were deliberate and precise attacks.  And everybody in Yemen knows that the bombs causing the suffering are  made in the United States.   Who benefits from this? Certainly not us. From a strategic  perspective, the only winner is Iran. By making a relatively small  investment in Yemen, the Iranians have drawn the Saudis into this  quagmire which tarnishes them and the United States and pushes Yemenis  into Iranian hands.   Over two administrations, the U.S. Government has tried to use its  influence to change how Saudi Arabia fights this war. I know about this  effort because I was in charge of it in 2015 and 2016 at the State  Department. It was worth a try then, but the Saudis did not listen to  us.   Under both the Obama and Trump administrations, we have given the  Saudis specific lists of targets not to strike. We have told them: Do  not hit this specific hospital or this port facility or that bridge.  And then, repeatedly, they have gone ahead and hit the  [[Page H5735]]  precise coordinates on our no-strike list.   And then we just keep on selling them the bombs.   What does that say to the people of Yemen? What does it say to the  leadership of Saudi Arabia?   Now, I know some have argued that, if we want to protect civilians in  Yemen, it is better to at least make sure the Saudis have precision  munitions to help them avoid collateral damage. This argument does not  make sense. The Saudis are using our precision weapons to precisely hit  the wrong targets.   Others have said that, if we don't help the Saudis, the Russians or  the Chinese will. That is nonsense. The Saudis use American aircraft.  Last I checked, you cannot service an F-15 with MIG parts. They are,  for the foreseeable future, utterly dependent on us.   The question we have to decide is: What kind of relationship are we  going to have with Saudi Arabia? Is it one in which the Saudis can do  whatever they please, contrary to our advice, contrary to our  interests, knowing that, whatever they do to us, we will take it on  ourselves to save the relationship? Or will we finally recognize that,  while we benefit from working with Saudi Arabia, the Saudis need us far  more?   This is a measured amendment, Madam Chair, that deals with precisely  the Saudi conduct that we most oppose, without undermining our ability  to cooperate with Saudi Arabia on other issues. I urge my colleagues to  support it, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Smith).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   