 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment  requesting the Department of Defense to assess the status of security  cooperation and assistance with Pacific Island Countries and the  feasibility of expanding it.   The Department of Defense currently operates a Maritime Security  Initiative in the South China Sea that works to build regional capacity  to address a range of maritime challenges. This effort includes a wide  range of assistance including International Military Education and  Training, Foreign Military Financing, operations combating the  narcotics trade, and the transfer of excess defense articles.   Our nation launched this program, in part, to help check Chinese  influence in the region. China provides its assistance without regard  for America's principles for a free and open Indo-Pacific that has  governed the region since the end of World War II.   Given the rise of Chinese influence in the Pacific Island Countries,  the question we have before us is can this program be replicated to  help the island nations in the Pacific who are seeing a push by China  to expand its influence into Papua New Guinea, Vanuatu, the Solomon  Islands, Fiji, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, Kiribati, the  Marshall Islands, Nauru, and Tonga. This Chinese influence threatens  the blood, sweat, and treasure spent by our country during World War II  in an effort to ensure freedom and the rule of law would thrive  throughout the Indo-Pacific.   My amendment takes the first step to see what can be done to protect  these nations who share our values and are under pressure for Chinese  influence. The amendment would direct the Defense Department to assess  the current status of security cooperation and assistance with Pacific  Island Countries and the feasibility of expanding it to advance our  national security objectives in the Indo-Pacific.   I urge support of my amendment to determine how to ensure our  traditional allies in region have the tools and training needed to help  America ensure a free and open Indo-Pacific.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment  directing our military intelligence agencies to determine the degree of  foreign influence in the Pacific Island Countries and to assess how to  close any intelligence gaps our nation has in the region.   Because my home state of Hawai`i is closer to Asia than Washington  D.C., I have met with many leaders from the Pacific Island Countries,  which includes Papua New Guinea, Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands, Fiji,  the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, Kiribati, the Marshall  Islands, Nauru, and Tonga.   Time and time again, I have heard stories of troubling Chinese  influence in the region. Efforts to bribe senior government leaders.  [[Page H5568]]  Questionable foreign business investments near U.S. military  installations, and even an effort that might have thrown a  parliamentary government into crisis. We need our intelligence  community to assess what is happening so we can determine how to  respond.   To address these threats, my straightforward amendment only asks for  three things. First, the Defense Department would assess the actions of  foreign militaries in the Pacific Island Countries. Second, the  department would assess any gaps in our intelligence collection  capabilities that may undermine this intelligence assessment, and  third, the Defense Department would determine how to eliminate any gaps  in our intelligence.   With this information, we can fully assess what is happening in the  Pacific Island Countries to and determine how we should respond to  ensure that our partners in the region are not undermined by a foreign  influence that is combating our nation's goal of ensuring a free and  open Indo-Pacific.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment  directing the Department of Defense to provide a report regarding the  risks posed by non-military aircraft flying over our nation's military  installations.   Not unlike many other states, on the Island of Oahu in my home state  of Hawaii we have multiple military installations situated near a major  international airport and a large airport supporting general aviation.   Although agreements have been made to help control this air traffic,  on a regular basis these agreements are violated. For example, I have  personally seen tour helicopters fly right over sensitive locations  around Pearl Harbor, the home of the U.S. Pacific Fleet and Pacific Air  Forces.   My amendment seeks to achieve two commonsense steps to address the  potential risks from these nonmilitary aircrafts operating near U.S.  military installations. First, the Department of Defense will assess  the encroachment challenges and security risks posed by non-military  aircraft that fly over military installations, to include operational  impacts, installation and personnel security and intelligence concerns.  Second, the department would propose practicable strategies and  recommendations for mitigating any significant risks.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment so we can start  responding to encroachment and security risks from non-military  aircraft today before waiting until an incident forces us to act  because our nation's security and safety have been compromised.   