 I thank the Presiding Officer for recognition.   Madam President, look, we have heard a lot about the shutdown today.  We have heard a lot about the impacts on families and on businesses and  on our society in general. We heard a speech recently on the floor of  the Senate on how Democrats don't want border security, which cannot be  further from the truth.   The fact is, last year, we appropriated $21 billion for border  security. That was in 2017. For 2018, it was $21.5 billion. The truth  is, everybody I know of who serves in this body, whether a Democrat or  Republican, wants to make sure our borders are secure.   Unfortunately, the President--or fortunately, however you want to  look at it--came in with his budget request last year to the Homeland  Security Subcommittee of Appropriations, on which I serve as ranking  member, and asked for $1.6 billion for a wall. Guess what that  subcommittee did, and guess what the Appropriations Committee did. We  gave him $1.6 billion for that wall. The Senate didn't pass that bill,  I might add. Sometime later, the President came in and said: No, I want  $5 billion for a wall. And now it is $5.7 billion for a wall.   We asked for a report on how this money was going to be spent, and  they sent us a report on how the $1.6 billion was going to be spent,  with no comparative analysis on how technology or manpower or anything  else to secure that border might work more beneficially to keep our  borders secure and be more cost-effective for the American taxpayer.   What did the President do? Twenty-five times he said: I am going to  shut down the government.   Guess what. The government is shut down. It doesn't take a genius to  do that. We have heard the stories--and they will continue, especially  after tomorrow when working folks will not get their paycheck--of the  impacts on this country, on average Americans, who could lose their  homes, their autos, not be able to send their kids to school, and not  be able to afford healthcare. The list goes on and on.   I ask: Is this how you make America great again? Is this how it is  done? It is not working.   Senator Cardin came to the floor a bit ago, and he said: I want to  put up not show bills; I want to put up Republican bills that this body  has already passed and that the House passed this last week so that the  Senate would do their job and hopefully reopen the government. I think  there are enough votes to do it. I think there are enough votes to  override a veto.   The majority leader's response was: No, we are not going to do this;  we want to take up a bill on Israel.   I am telling you, I am a big supporter of Israel, but I took an oath  of office to protect this country first, and we are turning our back on  this country.   We can continue to have the debate about the best way to secure the  border, but it should not be done by holding the American people  hostage. It should be done by having a debate in this body--the most  deliberative body in the world, I was told before I got here. I got to  serve with great Senators, got to serve with Robert C. Byrd, Richard  Lugar, Kennedy, and Baucus. The list goes on and on. We don't debate.  We don't even vote. In fact, we don't even live up to the  Constitution's goals for us, its requirements for us--whatever you want  to call them.   We are a coequal branch of government. We shouldn't be allowing--as  Senator Durbin said, asking for a permission slip from the President to  be able to do our business. Bring the bills to the floor to open this  government, and vote on it. If they go down, they go down. I think they  will pass. If the President vetoes them, bring them back for a veto  override. It is as simple as that.   I wonder what the forefathers would think today if they saw this  body--a shell of its former self. And it is not due to the rules; it is  due to the fact that we have leadership that will not live up to the  obligation of this body as set up to begin with.   We have work to do here. We have a lot of work to do, and that work  starts with opening the Government of the United States. If we don't do  it or if we say we are only going to do it with permission from the  President, then we all ought to hold our heads in shame.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   