 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit is very simple.  It affirms this Chamber's appreciation of and support for the men and  women of the United States Border Patrol.   We in this Chamber know that we can debate and disagree all day long  every day, and we have more than enough issues to argue about on a  regular basis, but this institution makes laws. We pass the laws, and  we expect those laws to be carried out faithfully.   This motion to recommit today is about recognizing the men and women  of our U.S. Border Patrol who carry out the very laws that we pass for  their hard work and for their dedication.   Without question, we are facing a crisis on our southern border.   Without question, we are facing a crisis on our southern border, and  our facilities are overcrowded and overwhelmed. And lacking the  resources, our personnel, our CBP agents are overworked, and I can tell  you this because I saw it firsthand.   Now, I didn't go in a windbreaker and get a photo op. I didn't start  a livestream. Mr. Speaker, I went as a lieutenant colonel in the Air  National Guard on a deployment to the mission in Arizona, to the  border.   And for me, going to Arizona with my unit in late February was a nice  respite from the bitter cold of Illinois, but what I saw truly opened  my eyes to the crisis at hand and the shortcomings that our CBP agents  face with their limited resources.   This, by the way, was my fourth deployment to the border, and it was  only my first under President Trump.   So what does that mean? Yes, that means that my three other border  missions and my other deployments came under President Obama, who also  saw the crisis at the border and the dire humanitarian concerns.   In February, I watched from above as border agents struggled to  thwart migrant groups that would systematically stagger their attempts  to run and cross the open border.   My fellow guardsmen shared their accounts of agents giving their last  water bottles to dehydrated migrants. My fellow guardsmen shared  various accounts, and one was about agents giving their last bottle of  water as they came across people who were dehydrated and in a bad  situation, often risking their own safety and their own health.   While my mission was nice in February, today it is pretty hot out in  the desert. These agents are still expected, by their oath and by the  direction of the laws of this body, to walk miles through terrible  terrain that, in many cases, cannot even be accessed by vehicles. They  are often met with a foot chase, sometimes with multiple people or with  dangerous cartel members.   And sometimes this happens even at the end of their shift, so it  means that later they are going to have to call home. They are going to  have to tell their loved ones that they are not going to be home to  tuck the kids in bed or say good night because duty calls.   I listened to defeated Customs and Border Protection agents talk  about the emotional and physical tolls that this crisis was taking on  them and their family as they grappled with these impossible tasks, and  more than once it was mentioned to me the toxic rhetoric used in  describing them in many cases in terms reserved for just our enemies.   I saw the compassion in a CBP agent during one of my missions as he  helped a young woman we found in the desert to safety after she was  left for dead by her cartel handlers because they got spooked and they  ran and abandoned her.   These coyotes work for the cartels, and these cartels make money on  two primary products: people and drugs. Human lives are viewed as  nothing more than commodities for them, and this is what I saw  firsthand. This is what I experienced with the hardworking men and  women of our border, who are often the first and only defense against  such tragedy.   And it is true, the CBP has effectuated over 3,800 migrant rescues so  far this fiscal year risking their own lives to save others. If you  remove CBP, you will cost lives.   And maybe people don't want to believe that, maybe it doesn't fit a  narrative, but it is an undeniable fact. We have placed an  unprecedented burden on our agents asking them to handle some really  tough things, and for that they have been villainized.   The CBP's facilities were not designed as long-term or even short- term  [[Page H7349]]  shelters for families or children, and those resources to accommodate  them and handle the influx are limited.   If this Congress cannot agree to provide these agents the resources  they need, as this bill fails to do, the least we can do is affirm our  appreciation for their work. Agreeing to this motion to recommit will  not impact the passage of this bill. Voting in favor of this MTR will  not kill the bill that we are voting on here today.   Today what we have is an opportunity and a moment in time to make a  simple statement. This institution can leave politics aside and take  this time to recognize the mothers and fathers, the brothers and  sisters, the sons and daughters, the husbands and wives, our neighbors  and the constituents we serve, the men and women of our U.S. Border  Patrol working in these facilities every day. Let's show our support by  rising above the fray of politics and vote in favor of this MTR.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   