 Mr. Chairman, the lengths that my colleagues across the  aisle are willing to go to mislead the public and increase the  political divide over healthcare is shameful and embarrassing. H.R.  986, which I refuse to call by its name, makes a mockery of Americans  with preexisting conditions.   Mr. Chairman, I practiced obstetrics for over 25 years, and do you  know what the most common preexisting condition is? It is pregnancy.   I came to Congress to protect people with preexisting conditions and  to help patients. H.R. 986 just does the opposite. H.R. 986 prevents  innovation. It drives the cost of healthcare up and will cause fewer  people to have healthcare.   Let me be crystal clear about this, Mr. Chairman. This bill has  absolutely nothing to do with people with preexisting conditions. That  is why I am proud to join Congressman Walden and shed light on this  deceptive bill that the Democrats are pushing.   Under current law, States do not have the authority to waive  preexisting conditions using the section 1332 innovation waiver. It is  that simple.   Section 1332 waivers are working, and contrary to the Democrats'  claims, patients are raving about the 1332 waivers for reinsurance.   These waivers give States flexibility to provide Americans with  affordable healthcare options. And in the seven States using these  waivers, premiums have gone down by an average of 20 percent. They went  down 20 percent, with Maryland achieving a 43 percent premium  reduction.   So I stand here today to discuss the facts and not the fiction.   The 2018 guide from the President is making the process easier,  helping States pursue innovation strategies that will help more people  get coverage while delivering quality coverage people can actually  afford and use.   Most of us, including the President, are working towards a better  healthcare future for all Americans, where patients and families, not  bureaucrats in Washington, are in control of their own healthcare  decisions. I ask that my colleagues across the aisle stop the partisan  politics and come together to develop real healthcare policy solutions.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Trump administration's  rule that will modernize Medicare part D and, as a result, lower drug  prices, reduce out-of-pocket expenses for America's seniors, and make  critical fixes to our systems that will help our local pharmacies.   Across Kansas, there are 506 chain drugstores and 253 independent  community pharmacists. These pharmacists are honest, hardworking men  and women who often go above and beyond to ensure that patients know  how to manage their medications.   I have heard their stories, and they all share the same frustration:  direct and indirect remuneration, or DIR, fees.   In many instances in rural America, the only healthcare professionals  left standing are my good friends and colleagues from the noble  pharmacy profession, and these DIR fees are running them out of town.   The increase of DIR fees over the last several years has raised out- of-pocket costs for our seniors and put our pharmacies at financial  risk, often operating in negative margins.   Far too regularly, pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, collect DIR  fees from pharmacies months and months after claims. It is completely  unpredictable and unfair, and the benefits all go into the pockets of  the pharmacy benefit managers.   Shame on them for doing this, but not anymore. This proposed rule  will guarantee predictability by helping standardize the process and  end the disparity between pharmacists, patients, and PBMs.   The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimated that seniors  will save up to $9 billion--$9 billion--over the next 10 years, and the  Federal Government will save nearly $17 billion over that same  timeframe.   I appreciate President Trump and his administration for addressing  this concern and providing commonsense, financially responsible  solutions.   It is my hope and the hope of pharmacists across the country that  this rule will be finalized quickly so that it can go into effect next  year.   I would like to recognize my colleague, pharmacist Buddy Carter, who  may know this issue better than any of us, as our only pharmacist in  Congress.   I thank my colleagues Dr. Phil Roe, Morgan Griffith, and Peter Welch  for leading on this issue and bringing it front and center for both the  Doctors Caucus and the Energy and Commerce Committee members.   