 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to  me. I also congratulate him for his position, which his peers have  appointed him to. And I congratulate Chairman Thompson for being chosen  to hold such a very important chairmanship.   Mr. Speaker, let me talk about my strong support of H.R. 251. I urge  all of my colleagues to support this.   Last week, every Member of Congress swore an oath to defend the  United States. That, Mr. Speaker, is what we are here on the floor to  do with this bill.   In 10 days, as you have heard, the CFATS--Chemical Facility Anti- Terrorism Standards--program will sunset. This means that everything  about it, right down to its fundamental structure, legally disappears,  including Federal outreach and networking to prevent terrorism against  chemical facilities.   I know that there are those who question the value of the current  Chemical Facility Anti-terrorism Standards program. But they should  know that today's CFATS program is vastly improved from where it was a  mere 4 years ago.   How do I know this? How can I be so sure?   Prior to this Congress, I served since 2011 as the chairman of the  Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment with my colleague, Mr.  Tonko, who I am sure, will be speaking on this bill. There, we had six  hearings on the CFATS program and its operations, the most recent one 6  months ago. In fact, in the last Congress, my committee was the only  one in either body to have a hearing dedicated to CFATS where DHS  testified, for 3 hours on the record, about this program.   I have also worked with the Government Accountability Office  throughout that time on the program, and GAO, likewise, has testified  multiple times before the subcommittee I chaired. GAO's first testimony  exposed and detailed the breadth of the problems in the program, and  more recently described ``a number of programmatic changes'' that not  only addressed their recommendations, but paved the way for remedying  remaining challenges the program faces.   No Federal program is without some area in need of improvement, but  if there was a time to justify winding the program down or making  serious changes to how it operated, that time was 4 years ago when the  program was in disarray. It defies logic to foist major changes on  CFATS now, when it appears to have figured out its weaknesses and  rectified its deficits.   To those who are skeptical of the program, this extension gives time  for not only more assessment to answer lingering questions, but also  for CFATS to demonstrate to Congress that its progress is not fleeing  and to identify those security-related, terrorism prevention reforms  that truly can only be fixed by statute.   The Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Act is an important,  antiterrorism-focused program. It is not perfect, but it is a unique  program based on collaboration, focused on and serving as a very  important bulwark against the threat of terrorism here in the United  States.   To this end, Congress has spent almost $900 million under CFATS for  Federal education, intelligence, technical assistance, and compliance  efforts. Moreover, American businesses have invested billions of  dollars, expecting a strong return for themselves and their  shareholders. We ought not strand these investments and send  shareholders and terrorists a signal that American assets will be more  vulnerable tomorrow than they are today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote for passage of H.R. 251, and  I urge the other body to quickly pass it as well.   