 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   Let me just say that we are better than this, and we have seen in  this body where we have had Members attacked. We came together right  here in this body, where we all held hands. We said that words have  consequences, and we were going to do better. We were going to set an  example. Before we could walk off the floor, there was a commercial  running to attack the  [[Page H2554]]  character of our then-leader, Nancy Pelosi.   So hollow words mean nothing to me.   Booker T. Washington once said that we are as separate as the  fingers, but we are as whole as the hand. We come together today,  hopefully as whole as the hand, to condemn anti-Semitism, bigotry,  racism, all of the phobias, Islamophobia, homophobia. What we do is  push love, like Dr. King said.   But in the eulogy for Dr. King, Dr. Benjamin E. Mays blamed, in part,  the American people for the assassination. He pointed out that the  assassin heard enough condemnation of Dr. King and of Negroes to feel  that he had public support.   When Dylann Roof murdered nine worshippers in Charleston, he thought  he had public support.   The shooter at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh thought he  had public support.   The neo-Nazis and the white nationalists who marched in  Charlottesville thought they had public support.   The shooter of Gabby Giffords thought he had public support.   The shooter of   Steve Scalise thought he had public support.   What we are doing here today is making it unequivocally clear to the  public that no one has the support to engage in discrimination and  racism and anti-Semitism.   Dr. Mays went on to challenge us as Americans to do better. He said:  ``We, and not the assassin, represent America at its best.'' He said we  have the power--not the prejudiced, not the bigoted, not the anti- Semite, not the assassin--to make things better.   We, too, in Congress have the power and the obligation to make things  right. Though we come from dramatically diverse backgrounds and though  we have lived very different lives, we must all, right now, stand  together against bigotry.   We must make clear to those who traffic in all forms of hatred--neo- Nazis, white nationalists, racists of all kinds, anti-Semites,  Islamophobes, homophobes, transphobes, and those who demonize and  demean immigrants from Latin America and throughout the world--that  they have no place in the public discourse.   For the record, this will be our third time on anti-Semitic measures.  We voted against both of them. You all voted for one and then voted  against the other.   