 Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle,  this is really important legislation we are working on today. H.R.  1839, the Medicaid Services Investment and Accountability Act of 2019,  includes short-term extensions of several key Medicaid programs that  have previously passed the House on a bipartisan basis.   I know our staffs on both sides of the aisle put a lot of time and  effort into this, and I thank them all. I especially want to draw  attention to Caleb Graff, who brought his own audience with him today  in the gallery, his parents and brother. He has worked very hard on  this, and we appreciate it.   I thank my chair and colleague, Frank Pallone of the Energy and  Commerce Committee, for the partnership on this extenders package.  Personally, I know a lot of us would have liked to have had these  extended programs go out further to give beneficiaries and providers  more certainty and more stability, and we will continue to put forth  offers in good faith to work across the aisle to fund these critical  parts of America's safety net.   However, we are here today up against a deadline, and I am pleased we  were able to get at least through June and September, respectively,  with these programs.   I am particularly pleased to see this package includes a short-term  extension of the Excellence in Mental Health demonstration for my home  State of Oregon. Both Oregon and Oklahoma were set to run out of  funding at the end of this month, so this money will at least line them  up with the other participating States whose funding expires at the end  of June.   These eight State demonstration projects have shown promise as a way  for community providers to expand access to treatment for mental and  behavioral health, including addiction. As we continue our bipartisan  work on the opioid crisis, which took more than 70,000 American lives  in 2017 alone, Mr. Speaker, our behavioral health centers have the  potential to provide real help. I have been encouraged to hear from  providers in rural parts of my district, like Wallowa and Klamath  Falls, about their success implementing this very program. I look  forward to working on a longer term extension in the coming months.   The other Medicaid policies included in this bill are also very  important.   The Money Follows the Person program is a demonstration program that  helps transition individuals with chronic conditions and disabilities  from institutions back into their local communities. That is where they  can get the best care.   The so-called spousal impoverishment program protects seniors against  the high costs of home and community-based services.   Finally, we are, once again, passing the ACE Kids Act here in the  House, which was championed by our former colleague and chairman of the  committee, Representative Joe Barton of Texas. It would improve the  delivery of care for children with really complex medical conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bipartisan package of healthcare bills.   