 Mr. Speaker, I wasn't going to speak today on the rule,  but I am just so outraged when I hear people attacking States like mine  and other States.   My State, the State of New York, is the largest single net donor to  the Federal Government of any State in the United States of America. We  send $48 billion a year more to the Federal Government than we get  back. And to hear this talk about irresponsible States that are really  subsidizing these other States of the speakers who have spoken from the  other side today is just so irresponsible and so divisive in our  Nation.   We talk about this bill, about restoring tax fairness, that is  exactly what it is: tax fairness.   It is not fair that people are taxed on the taxes they have already  paid.   It is not fair that State and local governments who pick up the  garbage and plow the roads and protect our people and educate our  children are being forced to have to worry about more money being used  to subsidize the rest of the country.   It is not fair that this has been in place since 1913, and they want  to try and change this covenant that has existed since the beginning of  the Federal tax code. They want to change it at this time, and it is  completely unfair.   Let me point out, with one last point, that 100 percent of this bill  is paid for by the highest earners in the United States of America. One  hundred percent is paid for by the highest earners.    If my colleagues are concerned about the wealthy getting  too much, then have them increase the progressive tax even higher if  that is what they really mean.    Mr. Speaker, I won't take a full minute.   Mr. Speaker, I want to first start by saying how much I respect and  admire Mr. Cole, and I have worked closely with him on many issues.   I just want to make one point, though. So many of my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle have been boasting about the fact that  people are leaving States like mine to move to their States. That has  been one of the effects of this tax bill by eliminating the State and  local tax cap.   What happens when people leave my State and move to the Southwest or  the Southeast?   They leave behind lower- and middle-income-tax people to pick up the  bill.   They are trying to boast about the fact that our States, which are  mature, industrial States that have old roads, old bridges, old sewers,  old schools, and old hospitals, when we get money from the Federal  Government, we have got to fix up those legacy issues. We have got to  deal with pockets of poverty because we have been around for a longer  time.   Their States are growing when they get money from us. We are  subsidizing the rest of the country.   When they get money from the Federal Government, what are they using  it for?   New sewers, new roads, new bridges, new hospitals, and new schools.  They are growing, and they are bringing in new sales and new property  taxes. They are trying to take credit for it when really it is because  of the progressive income tax and the money that has come from our  States that has helped their States to succeed. It is hypocrisy to  suggest that our States are somehow irresponsible. It is hypocrisy to  suggest that they are concerned about the wealthiest Americans.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Thompson, Chairman Neal,  and Bill Pascrell for all of their hard work. I thank Peter King, my  Republican colleague from Long Island who is retiring next year, who is  standing up for his constituents, as he always has. I thank the 50  cosponsors of this bill, bipartisan cosponsors, who realize that we  have to be, as someone mentioned before, intellectually honest.    We need to be intellectually honest and recognize, number one, that  100 percent of this bill is paid for by the wealthiest Americans. One  hundred percent of this bill is paid for by taxpayers who make over  $440,000 a year. It is inaccurate to suggest that other people are  subsidizing this other than the wealthy. This is being paid for 100  percent by the wealthy.   This is called the Restoring Tax Fairness for States and Localities  Act. That name is exactly what this is about: restoring fairness.   It is not fair. It is not fair that people are paying taxes on taxes  they have already paid. It is not fair to State and local  municipalities that relied on this tax deduction since the beginning of  the tax code in 1913 that are now getting a punch in the gut and trying  to change the rules.   There is a reason that this has been endorsed by so many different  groups. It has been endorsed by teachers. It has been endorsed by  firefighters, by police officers.    Madam Speaker, it has been endorsed by the U.S.  Conference of Mayors. It has been endorsed by the National League of  Cities, endorsed by the National Association of Counties.   It is not fair, Madam Speaker, that my colleagues on the other side  are boasting that people are leaving places like my State and moving to  their States.   What happens? The people who are left behind, low-and moderate-income  people who can't afford to move away, get left behind holding the bag.   My State and so many other States that are hurt by this existing GOP  tax cut are subsidizing the other States in this Nation. My State sends  $48 billion a year more to the Federal Government than we get back.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to please support this.   