 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, first of  all, I want to respond to a number of things said by my distinguished  colleague from Kentucky.   He makes a number of points that he has been making over the years  that deserve serious consideration. I say this is something that  deserves a debate. I agree with him that the President of the United  States should be commended, not condemned, for raising these issues for  a debate. Indeed, that is the purpose of this resolution.   As you know, this resolution is made up of many different parts, the  most recent of which is the resolution that talks about the very things  my good friend was speaking about. This resolution we have in front of  us is not a rebuke or an insult to the President of the United States.  Indeed, as I read it, it recognizes the President's efforts in this  regard and recognizes his efforts for us to examine exactly what we are  doing in these places, as Senator Paul has already so eloquently talked  about.   I think there are a lot of people both in Congress and outside of  Congress who recognize that after World War II, the United States was  very successful in nation building. Whether or not you agreed with it-- and there is always a debate as to what our obligation is, how far we  should go, and how much of the American taxpayers' money we should  spend on nation building--we rebuilt Germany, we rebuilt Japan, and  after the Korean war, we rebuilt South Korea, and we were very  successful in that regard. Not only did we rebuild the nation itself,  but we also trained the necessary police efforts there and military  efforts for ongoing work.   Now, fast-forward to the Middle East and the difficulties we have had  there. I don't think there is anyone who could stand up and  successfully defend that this has been a successful nation-building  effort in the areas Senator Paul referred to. Indeed, they have not  been. My view is that before you can give something to somebody, they  have to want it.   I think we have spent a couple of trillion dollars in Afghanistan. As  Senator Paul pointed out, there are things going on there that are very  difficult and no better than when we got there 17 years ago. Indeed, in  some places, it is probably worse than when we got there 17 years ago.  It is appropriate to have that debate as to whether we should continue  nation building and whether we should continue to try to stand up and  train fighting units in Afghanistan or, for that matter, in other  places.   Senator Paul referred to only a minimum number of places where we  have attempted to train fighters to fight like Americans. The fact is,  they just don't. No matter how much training you give them and no  matter what kind of equipment you give them, they just don't fight like  America's finest.   In addition to that, Senator Paul correctly pointed out that in some  instances in the Middle East, there are places where tribal disputes  have gone on for centuries, and they are still going on. When you try  to stand them up to do something else, they just don't do it. They may  train, but they will not train to fight for what we want and for the  kinds of values and cultures we have.   Having said all of that, again, I come back to what we are attempting  to do  [[Page S828]]  here with the resolution we have in front of us, and that is, we are  recognizing that President Trump has started this conversation, and we  are encouraging him in that regard.   I note that in recent days the national media has delighted in saying  that Congress is rebuking the President of the United States. I have a  different view of this. The President of the United States, as the  Commander in Chief, as the Chief Executive, started this conversation,  and after the conversation was started, there have been numerous  discussions--both internally within the executive branch and between  the legislative branch and the executive branch--as to the issues the  President raised and the issues my good friend Senator Paul was talking  about. The result of that is the language we have in front of us that  recognizes that the President of the United States started this  conversation. It recognizes that he thinks we ought to be talking about  some of these things, just as Senator Paul has raised and has debated,  and we should continue talking about those.   So the purposes of the resolution are, I would urge, pretty much the  opposite of what Senator Paul talks about when he says we are rebuking  the President or criticizing the President or in any other way  insulting the President. Indeed, nothing could be further from the  truth. This progress--this process is working exactly the way it was  intended to work, and that is for someone--in this case, the leader of  the Nation--to raise these issues, and then discussions take place  amongst all of the people who have an interest in this and everyone who  believes they have some input into this, recognizing both the  shortcomings and the successes of what we have had.   Certainly, the President is to be commended for what he has said  about defeating the vast majority of ISIS. That group is a shadow of  its former self. As Senator Paul noted, the vast majority of the land  holdings it had have been taken back, so there is a great victory  there. There is certainly more work to be done.    I agree with Senator Paul that this is a little bit like the  laundry--it is never going to be completely done. As long as the Middle  East exists, as long as there are people who are inclined to do this  sort of thing, people who are radicals, this sort of thing is going to  go on. Where I part company a bit with Senator Paul is that we can do  things over there that will make us safer here.   Senator Paul is right. Intelligence plays a huge role in this.  Indeed, had we had a better handle before 9/11, that could have been  disrupted, just as we have disrupted many other efforts to attack the  homeland, the vast majority of which the American people will never  hear about.   In any event, I think we should all get behind this particular  resolution. I think it encourages the President for the road that he is  going down to take each of these elements, to look at them critically,  and to determine what we need to do to continue to protect Americans.   When the President first rolled out this idea, one of the things I  think is important is that I don't think he ever indicated that he was  somehow going to withdraw from the Middle East and give up all the  platforms that we have and that we must have if, indeed, we get  something going on to a point like we had right before 9/11 where there  were these training camps in Afghanistan that were training people to  come to America and do what they did. If the intelligence people are  able to determine that, then I think we need to be able to hit that  with an operation that will dismantle it. It doesn't have to be a war  that goes on for very long; indeed, many of these are 1-night  operations. That is the way these things need to be handled.   In any event, I would urge everyone to get behind this particular  resolution we have encouraging the President and encouraging people on  all sides of the issue who have strong feelings about it, just as my  good friend Senator Paul has, to get their two cents' worth in here and  then we all work together to make this work right and not be pulling at  each other and encouraging our enemies in that regard.   Mr. President, I object to the request made.    Reserving the right to object.   Mr. President, fellow Senators, again I part ways with my good friend  Senator Paul on this one, to a large degree.   The speech he gave, I am in absolute agreement that the government  should not be stopping any individual from boycotting whatever they  want to boycott for whatever reason they want to boycott. This is  America. You have the First Amendment right to do that, but I would  draw attention to section 402, which simply states: ``Nonpreemption of  measures by state and local governments to divest from entities that  engage in certain boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities  targeting Israel or persons doing business in Israel or Israel- controlled territories.''   Look, if an individual wants to do this, this is America. People can  do what they want, but if a government--State or local government--is  going to use taxpayer dollars to engage in anti-Israel activities, that  is a different ball game. They are then using people's funds who  disagree with what they want to do, and that is not right. State and  local governments should not in any way be involved in boycotting other  countries, particularly--particularly--a country that is one of the  best friends we have in the world, really the only democracy in the  Middle East, and they are doing it, why? Because they are Jewish  people. This is wrong. This is very wrong.   The BDS Act we have here prohibits State and local governments from  doing that. Any person who wants to do that has the First Amendment  right to do that.   In any event, we think this is a good measure that prohibits State  and local governments from spending taxpayers' money in a way that many  taxpayers don't want it spent. I object.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 97.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be waived.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.   