 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from Michigan's efforts on  this bill. I admire her for her compassion. I respect her intent and  the spirit behind this bill, and I hope that we can work together to  move forward.   My concern is with the letter of the law written within this bill. I  know firsthand that showers are being provided and that personal  hygiene products are immediately available to the unprecedented number  of people in Customs and Border Protection custody, both from visits to  the border myself and from regular communication with brothers and  sisters of law enforcement who work the border, who are tasked  with securing our border. I see regular emails, messages, videos, et  cetera.    My concern with this bill is that it does not solve the problem, in  my opinion.   Customs and Border Protection processing facilities are outdated.  Many facilities were built decades ago. They were neither designed to  process children and families nor the massive numbers of illegal  immigrants arriving at our border on a daily basis.   Without providing funding for new Customs and Border Protection  facilities, I am concerned that this bill would not fix the real  problem, despite its obvious compassionate intent.   Instead of forcing Customs and Border Protection to provide a long  list of amenities to illegal immigrants, we should be focused on  quickly processing migrants and moving them out of Customs and Border  Protection custody.   Unfortunately, many of my colleagues across the aisle have resisted  providing funding for additional Immigration and Customs Enforcement  bed space. People are being held at CPB much longer than was ever  envisioned.   My colleagues across the aisle have supported policies that, in my  opinion, have exacerbated the crisis by refusing to provide ICE with  the resources it needs to get people out of short-term detention and  into more suitable facilities for long-term holding.   This bill is attempting to solve problems that, some would argue, are  caused by a Democratic policy decision to restrain funding for ICE and  degrade its ability to hold illegal immigrants.   We should provide ICE the resources it needs to conduct its mission  rather than imposing those responsibilities on Customs and Border  Protection, men and women who are tasked with a completely different  mission.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with the gentlewoman, for whom I  have deep respect, that I believe that the humanitarian standards that  the gentlewoman referred to are alive in the hearts of the men and  women, the American men and women, who serve in Customs and Border  Protection on the border. These Americans struggle to accomplish their  mission despite overwhelming, almost impossible conditions and  situations, masses of humanity, wave after wave of children of God.   Indeed, the role of this body, as envisioned by our Founders and  supported  [[Page H7438]]  through the generations, is to allow the American spirit to manifest  itself without regulation and enforced traditions and principles that  are exhibited by the very Americans whom we serve.   I deeply respect the intent of this bill, although I have voiced my  concern regarding the letter of the language of this bill and the  purposes of my concern.   I would share with Congresswoman Slotkin that I am prepared to close.  I have no further speakers.   Mr. Speaker, I deeply respect her effort, while standing in  opposition, and I yield back the balance of my time.   