 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, with government funding set to expire  tomorrow, the House of Representatives passed a continuing resolution  yesterday to fund the government through December 20. It is now up to  the Senate to pass the continuing resolution without much fuss and send  it to the President's desk before the deadline.   As the Republican leader and I work to set the time for that vote, we  must look ahead. The continuing resolution will give appropriators  additional time to get a bipartisan appropriations process back on  track before the end of the year. The Senate has been able to process  several noncontroversial appropriations bills, bipartisan, but several  more can't move forward until the Democrats and the Republicans both  all agree on the allocations. You can't do it with one party. That  leads to trouble. In recent days, we have made some progress, and I  hope the talks between both sets of appropriators--House and Senate,  Democratic and Republican--will continue in good faith and in earnest  after we finish the continuing resolution.   At the same time, there are several very important issues the  Democrats are trying to address in the continuing  [[Page S6683]]  resolution that the Senate Republicans refuse to address. Most notably,  the Republicans objected to restoring expired funding for the minority- serving institutions, including historically Black colleges and  universities, Tribal colleges and universities, Hispanic-serving  institutions, Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander- serving institutions, and predominantly Black institutions.   These are ladders up. Such a high percentage of people of color-- people in minority groups--use these colleges to create great lives for  themselves. They work hard, and they study. There are no alternatives  for them other than these institutions. To hold the money back, which  is what the other side is doing, is so wrong. It is so unfair.   The Democrats will not stop fighting the fight to help these  institutions, and we are committed to securing this funding in any way  we can. These are American dream institutions. If you believe in the  American dream, you shouldn't be holding this money back.   