 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, we are nearly 6 months into the Democratic- controlled House of Representatives, and here we are debating  amendments to an almost $1 trillion minibus, $176 billion above current  budget caps, without even a glimpse of a fiscal year 2020 budget  proposal from House Democrats.   You might ask, how did we get to this point? Well, my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle are operating on a premise that an increase  in defense spending justifies increases in nondefense spending across  the board.   Now and always, strengthening our defense should remain priority  number one, but providing more than twice as much additional funding in  fiscal year 2020 for nondefense programs as for defense programs is  simply irresponsible.   Additionally, if Congress does not come to a budget cap agreement,  these spending levels would lead to sequestration, which would be  devastating to our military.   Folks, as a former business owner and someone who has experience  operating within a budget, I am appalled by the lack of fiscal  responsibility being shown here today. With an almost $22 trillion  national debt, this minibus is a complete disservice to our country and  our fellow Americans.   If we wish to avoid passing an insurmountable debt along to the  future generations, we must act immediately to tighten the purse  strings on Washington's spending habits.   My amendment today is simple. It would reduce State and Foreign  Operations spending by 1 percent for fiscal year 2020. Democrats have  increased this division by $2 billion, bringing foreign nondefense  spending to a whopping $56 billion.   If you do the math, my amendment would cut $560 million. Even with my  1 percent cut, this division will still increase spending for fiscal  year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019.   So, in my mind, my Democratic colleagues should support my amendment,  as they will still be spending a lot more of your hard-earned money,  just a bit less than they intended.   It is not my intention to cut funding going towards our critical  ally, Israel. And while our diplomatic efforts abroad are necessary, it  is equally as important that we take a hard look at the balance sheet  and make appropriate cuts wherever possible.   Also, just to be clear, it was my goal to offer an amendment to  reduce spending by 1 percent across all branches in this minibus  spending package, with the exception of defense. However, House  Democrats blocked this effort, continued to promote out-of-control  government spending and neglecting our national debt crisis, and only  ruled this amendment in order.   Mr. Chair, I am a proud grandfather of 13 grandchildren, and I  believe it is my duty to do everything in my power to avoid placing a  $22 trillion--and rising--burden on their backs.   I urge my colleagues in this body to support my amendment today and  take a small step towards bringing fiscal responsibility back to  Washington.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I can't stress enough just how important it is  to the future of this country that we take desperately needed steps to  rein in our national debt and restore some fiscal sanity to this  Chamber. H.R. 2740 is an unserious proposal that will not be signed  into law by President Trump.   I would ask all my colleagues to think about, again, their grandkids,  their kids, and their great-grandkids before casting their vote. If we  can't cut just 1 percent of one spending division on a bipartisan  basis, then how will Congress ever get spending under control?   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment today, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from Illinois,  I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer this amendment on behalf  of my friend and colleague from Illinois, Representative Bost.   This simple, straightforward amendment will ensure that the State  Department emphasizes working with veteran-owned and disabled veteran- owned small businesses when awarding contracts and grants.   Small businesses are the backbone of our Nation's economy. Veteran- owned small businesses play an important part.   The number of veterans and veteran entrepreneurs continues to grow as  veterans return from overseas, with many making personal sacrifices to  stand up for America.   Veterans understand the needs of the State Department in a unique  manner and should be relied upon to supply the necessary equipment and  expertise.   I believe it is our duty to look after our soldiers when they return  home from serving our country, and we should continue looking to these  heroes as the Federal Government contracts with these small businesses.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate that we were able to debate this  amendment on the floor today that would emphasize the State  Department's working with veteran-owned and disabled veteran-owned  small businesses when awarding contracts and grants, and we were able  to agree on a bipartisan basis that this important amendment be passed.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   