 Mr. President, in last night's State of the Union Address,  the President highlighted the strength of the economy. After years of  stagnation under the Obama administration, our economy has come roaring  back, thanks in substantial part to Republican economic policies.   After the Presidential election 2 years ago, Republicans made it our  mission to get our economy going again. We cut excessive regulations,  and we passed a historic comprehensive reform of our outdated Tax Code.   The Tax Code plays a huge role in the health of our economy. It helps  determine how much money individuals and families have to spend and  save. It helps to determine whether a small business can expand and  hire. It helps determine whether larger businesses hire, invest, and  stay in the United States.   A small business owner facing a huge tax bill is highly unlikely to  be able to expand their business or to hire a new employee. A larger  business is going to find it hard to create jobs or improve benefits  for employees if it is struggling to stay competitive against foreign  businesses paying much less in taxes. A larger business is unlikely to  keep jobs and investment in the United States if the Tax Code makes it  vastly more expensive to hire American workers.  [[Page S896]]    Before we passed tax reform a year ago in December, our Tax Code was  not helping our economy. It was taking too much money from American  families, and it was making it harder for businesses, large and small,  to create jobs, increase wages, and grow. That is why, after months of  work, we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   This legislation cut tax rates for American families, doubled the  child tax credit, and nearly doubled the standard deduction. It lowered  tax rates across the board for owners of small- and medium-sized  businesses, farms, and ranches. It lowered our Nation's massive  corporate tax rate, which up until January 1 of last year was the  highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. It expanded business  owners' ability to recover the cost of investments they make in their  businesses, which frees up cash they can reinvest in their operations  and in their workers. It brought the U.S. international tax system into  the 21st century so American businesses are not operating at a  competitive disadvantage next to their foreign counterparts.   Our goal with this bill was simple. We wanted to make life better for  the American people; we wanted to let Americans keep more of their  hard-earned money; and we wanted to spur economic growth to give  workers access to good jobs, better wages, and more opportunities.   I am proud to report that our policies are working. The economy grew  at a robust 3.4 percent in the third quarter of 2018. January marked  the 11th straight month that unemployment has been at or below 4  percent. That is the longest streak in nearly five decades.   In 2018, for the first time ever, the number of job openings  outnumbered the number of job seekers, and 2018 saw the most impressive  job growth in the manufacturing industry since 1997. Wage growth has  accelerated. Wages have now been growing at a rate of 3 percent or  greater for 6 straight months. The last time wage growth reached this  level was in 2009--a decade ago. Median household income is at an  alltime inflation-adjusted record of $61,372, and on and on.   Continuing with something that is working is usually a good strategy.  If your economic policies are working, continuing them is a pretty  logical thing to do.   Democrats apparently have a different opinion. Instead of continuing  the policies that are producing economic growth and opportunities for  American workers, they want to end them. Instead of reducing taxes,  they want to raise taxes. Instead of getting government out of your  way, they want to put government in charge of your healthcare, your  electricity options, and more.   I wish I were joking, but Democrats are increasingly uniting around  policies that would not only undo the progress our economy has made but  would damage our economy for the long term.   One of the most dangerous proposals is the so-called Medicare for All  proposal, which would abolish our current system of employer-sponsored  private insurance and replace it with government-run healthcare--paid  for on the backs of the middle class. The cost for this program would  be staggering, an estimated $32 trillion over the next decade. That is  equivalent to the entire Federal discretionary budget more than two  times over.   Doubling the amount of individual and corporate income taxes  collected would still not be enough to pay for the mammoth costs of  this plan. Doubling all the revenue collected from income taxes in this  country on the individual and business side would not be enough to pay  for the mammoth costs of this plan.   Passing any version of Medicare for All would lead to stratospheric  tax hikes for Americans in addition to the loss of their employer- sponsored insurance.   Then, of course, there is the so-called Green New Deal, which could  raise Americans' energy costs by more than $3,000 a year. I don't know  what families Democrats are talking to, but I have a hard time thinking  of working families who can afford to spend $3,000 more each year on  their energy bills.   Then there are the plain old tax hikes--like a proposal to raise the  top marginal tax rate to 70 percent, a rate we haven't seen since 1965.  It would be a tax hike not only on individuals but on small- and  medium-sized businesses as well.   Take the House Democrats' proposal to substantially increase the  corporate tax rate. They want to raise the corporate tax rate 40  percent on businesses from what it is today. Before the passage of tax  reform, America's global companies faced the highest corporate tax rate  in the developed world. That put American businesses at a serious  disadvantage on the global stage, which, in turn, put American workers  at a disadvantage.   Since we lowered the corporate rate, we have seen economic growth,  money returning to the United States, and new benefits and  opportunities for American workers.   It is difficult to understand what would possess Democrats to  jeopardize economic growth and opportunities for American workers by  hiking the corporate rate again. Right after we lowered it to get more  competitive internationally, they are talking about raising it 40  percent.   I said before, I wish I were joking about some of the Democrats'  outrageous proposals. In addition to the money Democrats would be  taking directly out of Americans' pockets to pay for their programs, it  would also be permanently damaging to economic growth. If Democrats  succeed in passing proposals like Medicare for All, Americans will be  facing a future not just of higher taxes but of lower wages, fewer  jobs, and diminished opportunities.   Republicans are going to do everything we can to ensure that doesn't  happen. We will continue pushing for policies that will create jobs and  increase wages, build on the progress we have made in the last couple  of years. We will continue pushing for policies that expand  opportunities for workers, that increase access to good jobs and to  fulfilling careers, and we will continue pushing for policies that  lower the cost of living, including the cost of healthcare and  prescription drugs. We will continue pushing for policies that help  hard-working families keep more of their income and save for education  and retirement. We are committed to giving every American access to a  future of freedom, opportunity, and security.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   