 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the distinguished  chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.   I listened to my friend from Texas, who I admire, but he is defending  the indefensible. Partisan? I rise strongly in support of the H.J. Res.  30 today disapproving the President's unimaginable proposal to lift  sanctions on three companies affiliated with a Russian gangster  oligarch, Oleg Deripaska.   Congress overwhelmingly passed the Countering America's Adversaries  Through Sanctions Act, CAATSA, in August of 2017, to hold Putin and his  cronies accountable for Russian interference in our election, Russian  invasions of sovereign territories of other nations, and its other  malign behavior.   Under that authority, the Treasury Department Office of Foreign  Assets Control imposed sanctions on Oleg Deripaska, a close Putin ally,  and several of his companies, including United Company RUSAL, EN+  Group, and JSC EuroSibEnergo. In doing so, the Trump Treasury  Department stated Deripaska has said he does not separate himself from  the Russian state.   Deripaska has been investigated for money laundering and has been  accused of threatening the lives of business rivals, illegally  wiretapping a government official, extortion, organized crime, and  racketeering. This is the man you want to lift sanctions on?   In addition, we have recently learned that Deripaska worked closely  with Trump's former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, including on a  lobbying project that Manafort said would greatly benefit the Putin  government.   Manafort reportedly also offered to give Deripaska private briefings  about the Trump Presidential campaign. Does this sound like someone  deserving of exemption from U.S. sanctions?    Mr. Speaker, apparently, it does to the Trump  administration, which has agreed to lift sanctions on three of his  companies in exchange for Deripaska dropping his ownership  [[Page H694]]  stake from 70 to 44.95, never mind that the new chairman of United  Company RUSAL's board, Jean-Pierre Thomas, has himself defended the  Russian illegal occupation, condemned by the world, of Crimea, part of  sovereign Ukraine.   That is exactly why Congress required in CAATSA a congressional  notification before sanctions could be lifted to prevent this President  from allowing his inexplicable bromance with Putin to supersede U.S.  national security interests.   Now is the time not to ease pressure on Putin. I urge my colleagues  to support H.J. Res. 30.   