 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, later in the day--certainly today or  tomorrow--we will have a vote on whether we want to move forward on  this year's appropriations process. The vote would allow us to move  forward. Frankly, it would and should allow every Member to make any  amendment they want and to debate this bill on the floor, as bills  should be debated. If they don't like the House bill that we will take  up--and many of us would not like the House bill--they have a chance to  substitute that with another bill or make amendments on that bill. I  would like to see this process get started.   A significant part of the House bill was the Labor, Health and Human  Services, and Education portion. I chair that bill in the Senate. It is  after the Defense bill, which would also be part of this bill, which,  by the way, has the biggest pay increase for those who defend us, in a  decade in it. After the Defense bill, the Labor, Health and Human  Services, and Education bill is about 30 percent of all the money left.  So just those two bills together is a significant amount of all Federal  spending.   It would be great if we could get this done on time again this year,  as we did for 70 percent of the spending last year.   I am disappointed in the bill that we actually made public as part of  an alternative today. For the first time in 4 years, we weren't able to  work with our friends on the other side and have a bipartisan bill.  This was a bill that was designed not to bring a lot of controversial  legislating into the appropriating process but to do the appropriating,  to leave the language in the bills that had been there before that may  have been controversial at one time but has long become part of the  bill but not add new things.   We agreed to and the President signed a bipartisan agreement that  reiterated that principle and set a total amount of money to be spent.  In retrospect, it might have been better if we had also allocated that  money between the 12 committees. We didn't do that. We basically  allocated the defense part and the nondefense part. Because of that, we  were not able to reach an agreement with the minority to mark up this  bill the way I would have liked  [[Page S5555]]  to and I think, frankly, they would have liked to. Certainly, the  ranking member and her staff have been an important part of this  discussion.   This bill--the bill that would be our alternative today--includes  funding that they would like and I like. There is a new suicide  initiative. It increases early childhood care and education programs.  There are new mental health workforce programs involved here. We invest  in homeless youth education in the way that I think the Senate  ultimately will. Those are all things that we have tried to move  forward on in a way that I am confident the minority is not opposed to.  I think they will find little to criticize, frankly, in the bill.   We didn't engage in a lot of new language. Some of the Republicans  Members, including me, would like to see some further defining language  in the bill, but that really gets to authorizing and not appropriating.  That gets to passing legislation that should go through other  committees and not just deciding how much money we are going to spend  on those activities that the Federal Government has to participate in,  is authorized to participate in, starting with the Constitution itself,  the principal authorization to defend the country.   In the Labor-HHS bill, we moved forward with things we have worked  together on now for 4 years--a $3 billion increase in our Federal  investment in NIH, the National Institutes of Health; opioid treatment  and recovery that follows on our earlier commitments and moves that  number to $3.9 billion. We strengthened the workforce in this bill,  particularly the apprenticeships, with the idea that sooner rather than  later, people should get a sense of the kind of job they would like to  do and understand the pathway to work, which for some people involves a  college education and for lots of people does not.   I think 50 percent of the people who graduated from college are  working at jobs that don't have anything to do with their college  degrees. That doesn't mean the college degree was bad; it just means it  is not the universal pathway that I think for almost a generation now  we have talked about--how that was going to lead to better incomes and  stronger families and all of that. What leads to better incomes and  stronger families is a good job. It is doing things. You get out of  high school and get a job and get married. If you can do it in that  order, you are much more likely to not have concerns about poverty than  if you try to skip any of those or do it some other way.   For a long time, this bill has been one of the most difficult bills  to negotiate. It has many of the hot-button issues that the country and  the Congress deal with. Again, for the last 3 years--and that was for  the first time in a decade--we have had a bipartisan bill. I think at  the end of the day, we will have a bipartisan agreement again, but  unfortunately our friends on the minority have--I think in their  frustration about the allocation of money--decided: Well, even though  we have agreed not to fight about new issues--adding things to the  appropriations bill that haven't been there before--we are going to  fight about that. We are going to say what the President can do about  this, and we are going to say what doctors can do about that.   That is not what this bill does or is designed to do.   As I mentioned earlier, one of the things we have done is one of my  top priorities as chairman, which is to move forward at this  unbelievably important time with health research. I can't help but  point out that 4 years ago, NIH hadn't had a penny increase, not an  inflationary increase, not any increase for 12 years. This was  basically the same 12 years in which we began to figure out how  important it was that we now understood the human genome. This was the  same 12 years that cancer researchers were looking at immunotherapy.  This was the same 12 years that people were beginning to talk about,  well, maybe you can do some editing with CRISPR technology that will  prevent a future thing from occurring, that you could look at that  genetic makeup and know it is going to occur. There was not a penny  increase.   Four years ago, the research community said they were 22 percent  below--in research buying power--where they had been 12 years earlier.  We caught up on that. If we are able to move forward with the $3  billion increase, we will have had a 40-percent increase over five  budgets. Now we are probably talking about really new money beyond  where NIH was a dozen years ago. This 40-percent increase matters.   The House and Senate have worked together. Congresswoman DeLauro and  Congressman Cole have worked together with Senator Murray and me to  make this a priority. I think we want to do that again. I think the  facts will show that.   Why should it be a priority? The most expensive disease in America  right now is Alzheimer's. The cost to treat Alzheimer's patients is  anticipated to rise to $1.1 trillion by 2050 if we don't find some way  to get what is happening headed in a different direction. And $1.1  trillion, by the way, is essentially double the defense budget. I don't  know about you--I don't have a very good sense of how much $1.1  trillion is, but I have a good sense of what we spend all over the  world, as Americans, to defend the country and help defend the world.  We will be spending twice that amount in today's dollars--taxpayers--on  Alzheimer's and dementia treatment in 2050 if we don't find a solution.  So I think quadrupling the amount of money that we spend in this area  would make more sense. We are spending a little more than 2 percent on  research, of the tax dollars we are spending on treatment right now,  and, again, that only gets to be a bigger problem.   Further, the bill increases funding for the BRAIN Initiative, to map  the human brain, to $500 million.   I had somebody in my office this morning saying that pediatric brain  cancer is now a bigger threat to kids than leukemia. We made a real  effort on leukemia. We are now moving to another area that is now  attacking the lives and ending the lives, perhaps, of more juveniles  than leukemia has.   We have an investment for the first time in new ways of helping  caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's. The anticipation is that for  every government dollar spent--and today that would be about $600  billion a year--for every government dollar spent, there are two  private dollars spent, almost never insured. A lot of that is somebody  deciding in their family that they are going to give up part or all of  their work to take care of somebody they care about.   We are fully funding the administration's request to end the HIV  epidemic in the next 10 years. We have confidence in NIH that this is  possible. We have that in sight. If we could end that as a life- threatening epidemic, it would be a big thing.   We are moving forward with combating the opioid epidemic. Our  committee was a little bit ahead of the authorizers in realizing this  is a huge problem for so many people in the country today.   We are making an additional $100 million national commitment in  mental health. NIH says that one in four or one in five adult Americans  has a diagnosable and almost always treatable behavioral health issue.   Those are just some of the many things this bill does.   There is $5 million requested by the minority to train professionals  to provide mental health and substance abuse counseling. If you didn't  have a behavioral health issue before you got addicted, you will  definitely have a behavioral health issue once you have been addicted.  This doesn't just end by saying we can give you something to get you  off the opioid or the drug addiction you have; you have to mentally get  away from that addiction as well.   We also focus on education. There are workforce initiatives to  prepare younger people for jobs that are out there and prepare our  entire workforce for the jobs that come next. We shouldn't be in the  business of defending just any job; we want to defend viable jobs that  are going to be viable today and hopefully part of the future. We want  to ensure that workers are ready for the next job.   It maintains funding for campus-based student aid for people who are  likely the first people in their families to ever attend college--I was  the first person in my family to graduate from college--and the TRIO  Programs, to get high school kids thinking about the fact that they can  go to college as one of their options and what it would mean to them if  they do that, to do things that help people stay in college  [[Page S5556]]  and do things that get people ready for real jobs that are out there.   One of the things I have noticed in the last year is how many people  in their late twenties are still trying to decide what to do. I call it  the lost decade. I have had so many conversations that went something  like this: Well, I went to college for a semester or a year, and then I  was an Uber driver for a while, and I did some landscaping. I was in  retail at the lowest level. I was a bartender. Finally, it just  occurred to me that this is not working. I have no retirement plan. I  have no benefits. I don't make enough money to have the kind of family  I would like to have.   If you missed that decade, you are lucky to ever get it back. A few  people can somehow recover from that economically and replace that lost  decade. But the quicker you become part of an economy that you want to  be part of, the better off you will be.   In this bill, we are increasing elementary and secondary education  support programs, like the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act,  and there is a Pell increase for the third year in a row for people who  have Pell assistance when they go to school.   We prioritized programs that benefit the country. We tried hard not  to do that in a partisan way. I believe that at the end of the day, if  Democrats look at this bill, they might argue about the amount of money  available, but I think they would have a hard time arguing that it is  not a bill that tries to really meet the challenges we face as a  country.   I would like to see us move with this bill and all four of the House  bills in the package we vote on today and hope to see that happen when  that vote occurs.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I join my two colleagues who were just here  and spoke while I was here--my friend from Montana and my friend from  Oklahoma--to talk about, really, the uniqueness of the government we  have and of the unbelievable coming together of ideas in Philadelphia  in 1787. They were ideas, frankly, that nobody had ever thought of in  quite the same way before, starting with the first three words. This  was the only document that had ever been devised up until that time  that had suggested that the source of government was the source of  government that the Constitution recognizes immediately.   When the Magna Carta talked about the relationship between the King  and the barons of England, that was even a big step in a new direction  because, up until then, under monarchies, there was only one source of  government, which was God. God's ordained, chosen Monarch was viewed by  country, after country, after country as the way this should be done,  and there would be a succession, and it would be understood. It had,  really, nothing to do with you or me or anybody else. It was all some  greater plan that was left up to somebody else.   The Articles of Confederation that Mr. Lankford mentioned was a weak  form of government that just simply, after a little more than a decade,  had been proven not to work. It was just not a workable structure. Yet  it looked to the States. It was sort of ``we the States of the United  States enter into this agreement as States.''   Yet it was this brand new concept in the Constitution that was put on  paper at least for the first time--that of ``we the people.'' In 1787-- in reality, when the Constitution was adopted and the government was  formed in 1789--the people became the source of government. The people  became the responsible party. The people became the party by which, if  the government weren't doing what you wanted it to do, it was up to you  to do something about it because the government was only there because  of you.   Now, is ``we the people'' a totally inclusive, perfect document or  was it even a perfect idea in 1787? Not at all. In fact, the  Constitution goes on to read that we are doing this to form a more  perfect union. It doesn't even suggest the forming of a perfect Union.  It just suggests forming a more perfect Union with the understanding of  a range of vision of what might happen. There were people who were  advocating for women to be able to vote as Abigail Adams had advocated  during the Revolution itself. There were people advocating that slavery  be ended. There were many things that were evidenced in that room as  part of the debate that didn't happen, but they didn't wait to have a  perfect Union. They said they were going to form a more perfect Union,  and you have to believe they assumed it would get more perfect as time  went on.   Here we are 200-some years later. Is it perfect yet? No, but it is,  hopefully, more perfect than it has been and is less perfect than it  will be because we the people are going to come together in this  Convention and then, later, adopt it in a bigger setting to form a more  perfect Union. That more perfect Union would include ideas that nobody  had ever thought about before.    If the people are forming the government, what kind of controls do  you put on the government? Not too many controls.   I remember, with the Bicentennial of the Constitution, Warren Burger  was the Chairman of the Bicentennial Commission and the Chief Justice  of the United States. He said, when he was a boy, you measured the  value of a horse by how little harness you could put it on and still  get it to do the work you wanted done. You didn't totally handicap the  horse by piling all kinds of harnesses and all kinds of reins and all  kinds of bits. A valuable horse was a horse that didn't need to take  all kinds of structure but had all the structure it needed. That is  what the Constitution tried to put together, not a government that  would overwhelm itself but a government that had enough to control  itself.   They came up with this idea of a balance of power. As all of us would  believe, they started describing the most  [[Page S5559]]  important part of the government in article I. That is why it was  article I that set up the Congress--the House and the Senate. They then  came up with an executive who would execute the will of the article I  body--the body that decided how to spend the money and the body that  would decide what laws could get on the President's desk and the body  that had the ability, if the President didn't sign the law, to override  the President's decision not to sign the law.   All of that was there in that balance of power. It was where the  Congress had strengths, where the executive had strengths, and where  even the Court comes in to serve often as a referee between the two. It  is sometimes to tell the President what the President can do and what  the Congress can't do. Sometimes it is just the opposite and says: No,  you can't do this. You can appropriate the money, but you can't  appropriate it conditionally. You can't appropriate the money and say,  to get the money, the President has to do things that don't have  anything to do with the appropriations process. We just want the  President to behave differently. We can't do that, and the President  shouldn't be able to do it either. The courts are often the group that  decides that.   Again, in not having too many obligations in the Constitution, what  does the Constitution say about the courts? It does not say a lot.   It reads there will be a Supreme Court and such other courts as the  Congress decides are necessary. That is not a very complex structure.  It doesn't say how many people are going to be on the Supreme Court.  There have been different numbers over time. It doesn't say how many  other courts there will be. Yet the courts are there, and the judges  serve for life. Outside of the normal concerns that they might have  that one of the other groups would decide whether they could continue  to serve or not, that may be their greatest power--that they are there  no matter what they decide unless their decisions are so extraordinary  that somehow the other power decides to remove them.   So here we are. It is a living document. It is amendable. It is a  living document through its amendments, not through its interpretation.   The Founders and those who believe the Constitution continues to  serve a constitutional purpose never thought, well, we will decide  later what the Founders would have thought that sentence meant. This  has divided our country, by the way, for a while. Many people, along  with me, think the Constitution means what it says it means and what  you would have thought it would have meant in the context of the time.  If you want to change that, there is a process to change it. The  amendment process works beyond just the first 10 amendments and the  other amendments that Senator Lankford talked about, and it is still  there to do that.   Here we are, celebrating this unique moment when people came together  with ideas that were put on paper and were approved. Even if they had  been talked about before, they had never formed the basis for a  government before. Yet here we are--well over 200 years beyond 1787 and  the first year of the government, 1789. The Constitution has been the  model for all kinds of constitutions by all kinds of countries.  Interestingly, many of them have almost the same Constitution we have,  but they have just not been able to figure out how to live with it or  to let the balance of power or the power of people work.   Again, the most important part is that of the first three words--the  most important in understanding the forming of a more perfect Union. It  has not yet been accomplished and maybe never will be accomplished, but  it always gives us a goal for things to be better than they have been.  In our country, we have the opportunity to live under the Constitution,  which provides a unique set of liberties and freedoms that others can  only hope for.   I yield the floor.   