 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, before I get to my main topic, I just  want to briefly respond to something the Democratic leader, the Senator  from New York, said regarding the tax cuts bill that passed in 2017.   The Democrats, none of whom voted for it, obviously, have not ceased  to criticize the passage of that tax relief bill, notwithstanding the  significant economic progress that we have seen as a result of its  passage, coupled with relief from regulations and other policies that  have been implemented by this President in working with the Congress.   There is historic economic data to report. We have record  unemployment rates all across the country. We have seen record wage  increases.   The Senator from New York talked about how this hasn't benefited  working Americans. That couldn't be further from the truth. If you look  at the data, it is very clear that wage rates are growing. They are  growing at the fastest rate in over a decade. Today, we actually have  more jobs available in this country than we do people looking for jobs.  That is also a historic first and something that has been happening now  for many months in a row.   We have record low unemployment, record high wages, and growth in the  economy that we haven't seen in over a decade either--3.1 percent in a  calendar year, fourth quarter over fourth quarter. That is the first  time we have seen north of 3 percent growth in our economy since 2005.  So if you look at the evidence, it is pretty clear that the tax relief  bill that was passed by the Congress and signed into law by the  President in late 2017 is having the desired effect.   With respect to the arguments that were made that this is what is  contributing to the debt and the deficit, just last week there was a  piece in the Wall Street Journal by a former colleague of ours, Senator  Phil Gramm from Texas, who pointed out the Congressional Budget Office  has adjusted its projections when it comes to growth in the economy  since the tax bill passed.   In 2017, when it was in the process of being passed, the CBO was  projecting 2 percent growth in 2018 and 1.7 percent growth in 2019.  They have now modified those projections to 2.9 percent in 2018 and 2.7  percent in 2019.   What that means is--an additional percentage point of growth means  higher government revenues. In fact, the CBO has adjusted their  projections with respect to government revenues upward to about $1.2  trillion over the next decade. Government revenues of $1.2 trillion  would be about 80 percent of what the projected cost of the tax bill  was, about $1.5 trillion. At the time, we projected we would see  additional economic growth as a result of passing tax reform and  allowing individuals and businesses, whether they are organized as C  corps or whether they are organized as passthroughs, to benefit from  these provisions and changes in the Tax Code--faster cost recovery and  lower rates--that would encourage them to invest, grow, and expand  their operations. That is exactly what has happened.   As a result of that, according to the CBO and based on their  projections, you have seen government revenues going up and up by over  $1 trillion. Again, that is almost 80 percent and pays for the cost of  the tax bill that the Democrats are so quick to criticize as  contributing to the deficit and the debt.   So I would argue that if you look at the facts--facts are stubborn  things--if you look at the record, if you look at the data, and if you  look at the statistics, they all point to the impact of tax reform and  other pro-growth policies that have been implemented by the Trump  administration and this Republican Congress; they are having the  desired effect. We are seeing increases in wages. Obviously, we are  seeing a tremendous impact on growth and on jobs in this economy, and  that is good for American workers.   Obviously, when you reduce tax rates, hopefully, that benefits  everybody, but when you have a growing, vibrant, and robust economy,  that lifts all folks. Everybody benefits from that, and we are seeing  the effects of that as a result of this policy.   I know the Democrats all voted against it, so I suppose they have  every reason to try to criticize it, but, again, if you look at the  facts, if you look at the record, and if you look at the actual data,  you get a very different conclusion from the one that they are trying  to put forward and advance.   