 Mr. Chair, today I rise in opposition to this effort to  conduct a hostile takeover of our elections by Washington, D.C.   H.R. 1 is nothing less than an attempt by the majority party to  federalize our election system, strip all authority from the States,  and create government-funded political campaigns. All of this will  increase the election system's vulnerability for fraud and restrict  free speech.   The legislation we consider today will have a long-lasting,  devastating impact on our elections:   H.R. 1 will create a 6-to-1 government match for all small donor  contributions. This means government funds will be going to help pay  for more campaigns, more TV, more radio ads. Americans will be  compelled to bankroll candidates they don't support.   My sister, a staunch Republican, shouldn't have to have her hard- earned money go towards Democratic candidates. Her son, a staunch  Democrat, shouldn't have his hard-earned money go towards a Republican.   If H.R. 1 is to become law, it will place limits on freedom of  speech, putting vague standards on groups who wish to advocate for any  legislative issue. This is why even the ACLU does not support H.R. 1.  And when the ACLU doesn't support a Democratic election bill, you know  it is wrong.   Our Nation was built on individuals advocating for their beliefs. It  is our right to advocate the way we wish for a cause we believe in.   If a survivor of domestic violence wishes to quietly donate to a  cause dedicated to fighting domestic violence, should the Federal  Government be able to come in and publicize their donation? In some  States who have done this recently, we have seen donors of advocacy  groups be harassed and chased out of their jobs.   H.R. 1 is another example of the Democrats saying Washington knows  best. Not one secretary of state was consulted in the drafting of this  legislation. In the Constitution, our Founding Fathers give the  authority to the States to regulate their own elections.   Simply put, this is a power grab, a power grab by Democrats.   Mr. Chair, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to not support  this legislation.   