 DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, let me, first of all,  congratulate Ms. Adams on the tremendous leadership that she has been  providing to those of us who are concerned about Historically Black  Colleges and Universities, as well as education in general. I certainly  thank the gentlewoman for being able to share this moment as we talk  about the importance of these very viable, valuable institutions.   I represent a congressional district that has some of the most  outstanding educational institutions in the world, without a doubt. We  don't have an HBCU in my district, but I was fortunate, as were so many  members of my family, on my 16th birthday to enroll in Arkansas AM&N  College with no money--as a matter of fact, on credit. I had $20 when I  got there in my shirt pocket.   We had a president at the time, Dr. Lawrence Arnette Davis, that all  of us just simply called ``Prexy,'' kind of saying that he was a father  surrogate and a father figure for every one of us who hit that campus.   My parents were sharecroppers. We lived in rural Arkansas, a very  important State because it is the only State in the Bible Noah looked  over his ark and saw.   But we were able to have Arkansas AM&N College. Four of my sisters,  myself, two of my brothers, three of my nephews, three of my nieces,  and an assortment of first cousins all went to UAPB. Even today, in the  community where I live, large numbers of students want to go there, and  they do.   They go because there is something unique about these institutions.  They have the capacity to provide individual attention, in many  instances, where larger universities may not have the same. They have  the understanding to know that they are individuals who come from  environments where they may need a little extra attention and a little  extra help, and they provide it.   These are inspirational settings where individuals go and learn their  profession, develop their abilities, and know that, when they leave,  they leave with the inspiration.   And so, again, commendations. So I end by just thinking of some of  the words of our anthem. The person who wrote it said:       State college, we greet thee with love and devotion;      Our hearts and our treasures we bring to thy shrine.      With arms that are strong from all harm, we defend thee;      Thy name shall we cherish, dear mother of mine.    We cherish our Historically Black Colleges and Universities and urge  that they receive the funding that they need.   Madam Speaker, God bless Representative Adams for leading the charge.   