 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight some of my  concerns with H.R. 266.   As a Representative from the great State of Ohio, I know full well  how important it is to provide programs that ensure we are protecting  our natural resources and preserving them for future generations.   One of the greatest natural resources and economic powerhouses we  have in the United States and for the world, for that matter, is the  Great Lakes system, which my district is lucky enough to have a portion  of. The lakes provide more than 35 million people with drinking water.  They support more than 3,500 species of plants and animals. Studies  have shown that 1.5 million jobs are directly connected to these five  lakes, generating $62 billion in wages. That is why I have fought so  long and so hard for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.   As Members of this House, we have a responsibility to properly  represent the people who sent us here to fight for their priorities and  needs. Unfortunately, this bill falls far short of fulfilling that  responsibility. The fact is, there is bipartisan, bicameral report  language that would not go into effect if the bill before us were  signed into law.   It leaves out important language to reduce the growth of harmful  algal blooms, which have been recorded in every State and have become a  concern nationwide. In fact, in 2014, a harmful algal bloom in Lake  Erie affected the drinking water for more than 500,000 people in  Toledo, Ohio.   The bill also leaves out language encouraging the EPA to fund  research grants that help promote scientific progress toward preventing  and controlling harmful algal blooms. It doesn't include language to  help both rural and urban communities control nutrients in their  watersheds. It doesn't include language about working to understand the  risks of exposure to toxins that result from harmful algal blooms.  These toxins can come through our drinking water and can be extremely  harmful to humans.   In the end, this bill does not include the priorities that many  Members fought for to help their constituents. It does not include  language that supports programs that impact Ohio, as well as many other  States across the country. I cannot in good faith support legislation  that does not treat our Great Lakes as the national treasure they are  or invest in them to the fullest extent.   Mr. Speaker, please stand with me today in sending a message to  protect our Great Lakes. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill in  its current form. We can do much better than this. We, as Members of  the House, must not abdicate our responsibility to craft these spending  bills in the best interest of our constituents.   