 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding, and I thank my colleagues for this Special Order giving  tribute to a good and great man.   Winston Churchill once said, ``You make your living by what you get.  You make your life by what you give.'' My friend, Johnny Isakson, has  given so much to so many for so long. He has truly made a life.   Johnny Isakson has been a true statesman in his remarkable career as  a public servant for Georgians. I first met Johnny in 1977 where we  served together in the Georgia General Assembly. We developed a  friendship which has endured through our work together in the State  House, the U.S. House of Representatives, and during his service as our  U.S. Senator from Georgia.   Throughout his career, he has not viewed issues from a partisan  perspective, but for the good of all Americans. Johnny served as a  Republican in both chambers of Georgia's State legislature, but he was  appointed by Georgia's Democratic Governor Zell Miller to be the  chairman of the Georgia State Board of Education. His integrity, his  kindness are invaluable qualities in a legislator and have no doubt  been a defining measure of his success.   I am honored to call Johnny my friend. We will miss him in the  delegation. His loss will be felt deeply, but we can all agree that he  is very much deserving of a happy retirement spent with his wife,  Dianne, their children, and grandchildren, and we wish you the best,  Johnny.   The poet said:       Isn't it strange how princes and kings,      and clowns that caper in sawdust rings,      and common people, like you and me,      are builders for eternity?      Each is given a list of rules;      a shapeless mass; a bag of tools.      And each must make your life as flown,      a stumbling block, or a stepping stone.    The people of Georgia, the people of our Nation, and, indeed, people  all across the world are so blessed that you have used your life and  your career not as a stumbling block but as a stepping stone for a  higher, better quality of life for human kind. Thank you, and God bless  you.   