 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2  minutes as in morning business.    Madam President, some officials are proposing radical  changes to our healthcare system. These proposals include Medicare for  All, Medicare Buy-in, Medicaid for All, and expansion of the Affordable  Care Act. All of these are versions of government-run healthcare.   These are, of course, better campaign slogans than serious solutions  to the problems facing Americans.   On a certain level, I have found that most people would rather have  control over their own healthcare than have the government make those  decisions for them. A single-payer healthcare system would be  devastating for our seniors, people with disabilities, and people with  preexisting conditions.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, Members of the Senate, if you look at  the poster I just put up, you know what I am going to talk about--the  devastating floods in Iowa and the Midwest.   In Western Iowa, we still have areas underwater from flooding on the  Missouri river and its tributaries. In the east, we are dealing with  the Mississippi River and tributary flooding. Unfortunately, the  weather isn't cooperating with additional storms and rain throughout  the Upper Midwest, as I speak, that could exacerbate flooding and  hinder cleanup and repairs.   This flooding is still a very active event, but as we move to  recovery, we know the original damage estimates in Iowa are increasing.  I can say that for Nebraska as well. Many roads are still closed; levy  damage is extensive; towns are devastated; and many individuals lost  their homes and businesses.   In just 6 of our 99 counties in Iowa, 416,000 acres of cropland was  flooded. Much of that cropland is still underwater. These farmers are  facing the challenge of not being able to plant this year.  Unfortunately, many of these farmers' fields were just recovering from  previous years of major flooding. In this area of Iowa, that would have  been in 2011.   This is compounded by many losing their previous harvest through  having their on-the-farm storage bins destroyed, as you can see here.   Throughout the Midwest area that had severe flooding, 832 on-farm  storage bins have been identified as being like these, destroyed. We  don't have a complete estimate of that, but I think 832 on-the-farm  storage bins would be at least a figure up to a certain date.   These bins hold an estimated 5 to 10 million bushels of corn or  soybeans, so, collectively, that would be a loss of worth between $17  million and $34 million.   There is an existing program that goes by the acronym WHIP in the  Department of Agriculture that is designed to address agricultural  losses not covered by crop insurance and other programs. I reached out  to the U.S. Department of Agriculture to see if this program could be  used for losses such as those seen here, particularly in Iowa and  Nebraska, for corn and soybeans.   I was told because the WHIP program was designed for other  commodities affected by hurricanes and wildfires, they needed a few  words added to the law to extend the same help to these problems we now  have in the Midwest. I asked what those words were, and I spoke to  Senator Shelby, who manages this bill on the floor of the Senate, and  to Senator Perdue, who has a great deal of interest in the bill because  of agricultural losses in Georgia. These two Senators agreed to work  with me. These two Senators agreed to work with me. So I filed a  shorter amendment of a disaster bill along with Senator Ernst and  several of my colleagues from the Midwest to make sure that devastation  like this is covered. I am optimistic that this simple fix, which will  mean so much to farmers facing such unusual catastrophic losses, can be  included as the disaster bill moves forward through the Senate.    Yesterday, as another way of helping more than just this type of  farmer but, generally, other disaster victims, I joined Senators  Fischer, Ernst, and Sasse in introducing a tax bill that goes by the  title of the Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2019. This bill includes a  series of disaster tax relief provisions that will help American  families and businesses recover from the terrible disasters that have  occurred so far in 2019, including the Midwest flooding.   On February 28 I introduced a bipartisan bill with Senator Wyden that  included the same tax relief provisions that would assist the victims  of disasters that occurred in 2018. So I view the Fischer bill and the  Grassley-Wyden bill as complementary, providing disaster tax relief  with respect to the disasters that occurred last year, as well as this  year. The bill that I introduced in February also includes extensions  of  [[Page S2401]]  a series of tax provisions that almost every Member of this Senate  would like to see passed. These are the tax provisions that expired in  2017 and 2018. We labeled all 25 or 26 of these as tax extenders. These  are things that, over the last two decades, have been extended almost  automatically after they have sunset, and we need to get those  provisions enacted, just like the disaster tax relief provisions.   I encourage the House Democrats to send the Senate a bill that  addresses both tax extenders and disaster tax relief provisions. When I  say House Democrats, people listening are going to say: He is being  partisan.   No, I am being constitutional. The Constitution says that all tax  bills have to start in the House of Representatives. The House of  Representatives is controlled by the Democrat majority. So that is why  I am saying to the House Democrats: Get these bills over here to us so  we can help not only the people that benefit from what we call tax  extenders but, more importantly, those who with the urgency of the  disaster that we are facing.   The importance of passing these bills is because Americans need  certainty as they file their taxes in 2018, and they need the tax  relief as they recover from these natural disasters. They really need  the House Democrats, under the Constitution, to pass a tax bill because  we can't act on these tax bills before. The custom around here is that  the Constitution says that all tax bills have to start in the House of  Representatives. If we pass even a simple tax bill--let's say we pass  it as part of an appropriations bill--and we send it over to the House,  they don't accept it. That has been the tradition around here for  centuries. That is why I am calling on the House Democrats to move that  bill.   The disaster relief provisions included in the bill that we have  introduced reduce penalties and make it easier to access retirement  funds so individuals and families can get back up on their feet and  rebuild their lives. In other words, these are retirement funds that  people have set aback and that the law doesn't allow them to access for  disasters. It is just a simple thing. If somebody is hurt by this  disaster and wants to go to their retirement fund and borrow on it for  a certain period of time to help them get relief, it is a pretty simple  thing. Maybe, momentarily you could say it costs the Federal Government  something, but they are still going to owe these taxes regardless of  whenever they start drawing for retirement.   These bills also make it easier for disaster victims to claim  personal casualty losses, and they suspend certain limitations on  charitable contributions to encourage more donations for this disaster  relief. For businesses affected by these disasters, this tax relief is  available to help them retain employees while businesses get back up  and running.   Let's continue the bipartisan tradition of helping our fellow  Americans with disasters. When these disasters strike, we ought to do  it by enacting this tax relief for both 2018 and 2019, so that disaster  victims don't have to wait any longer to access this important  assistance and continue to get back on their feet.   It may sound like I am talking about something new. I don't know  whether this just started with Hurricane Katrina in 2005 or before, but  I remember being chairman of the Finance Committee then. We passed  similar legislation to help the victims of hurricanes. So this is  really nothing new. Since it is nothing new and we have done it before,  what is wrong with doing it now?   The Democrats in the House of Representatives can get this bill over  to us so we can get it enacted over here and get it to the President.  We want to provide the certainty that taxpayers deserve by enacting  extensions of not only those disasters but also the expired tax  provisions. I encourage the House Democrats to move swiftly. The Senate  and the American people are waiting.   On another point about flooding, generally, not just dealing with  this flood, this flood brings to attention something we have to deal  with, with the Army Corps of Engineers.   Next week the Environment and Public Works Committee is holding a  field hearing in Southwest Iowa to provide oversight on the Army Corps  of Engineers management of the 2019 Missouri River flooding. Senator  Ernst, my colleague from Iowa, will be chairing this hearing, and I am  going to be participating.   Flood control should be the No. 1 priority of the Corps in its  management of the Missouri River. I hope that tomorrow, when I get to  travel with Vice President Pence as he views the same area that I  viewed 2 weeks ago--the same area covered here--we have the Army Corps  of Engineers there so that we can talk to them about the issue of the  Missouri River Master Manual authorizing eight purposes as they control  the water up and down the Missouri River. They do that through the dams  on the Missouri River.   It happens that seven of these can be at cross purposes with the  eighth one--flood control. I hope flood control is No. 1 and not No. 8.  We need to discuss with them how to prevent massive flooding and how to  act to ensure that folks in Nebraska, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas are  not faced with devastation every few years. Eventually, this water ends  up in the Gulf of Mexico. So States below Missouri are going to  eventually be affected by it.   I appreciate the stamina and determination of Iowans whom I have seen  out there, not only in this flood of 2019 but in the flood of 2011. The  one of 2019 was much more devastating. I think we have great  resiliency. We will come back and pull together to get the job done,  but there is a very long recovery ahead of all of these Iowans affected  by it and Nebraskans and, maybe to some extent, Kansas and quite a bit  in Missouri.   I will continue to do everything I can at the Federal level to help  the State of Iowa, Iowa communities, and, more importantly, in fact, as  individual Iowans are affected, I am going to help them to recover and  to rebuild.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   