 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 430, the TANF Extension Act of  2019, which will end the lapse in the TANF program.   For my home State of Missouri, and specifically my district,  temporary assistance is a vital lifeline of resources for families. I  represent one of the most economically distressed regions in the  country and the poorest congressional district in Missouri. In my  State, more than 20,000 people and nearly 10,000 families currently  rely on TANF.   Mr. Speaker, we need to reauthorize this program. Since TANF was  created in 1996, funding for the program had never lapsed like this,  until now. Federal funding of TANF has now lapsed for 2 full weeks.   TANF has never been tied to a border security debate before, and it  shouldn't be now. Mr. Speaker, 20,000 people in Missouri need TANF for  a hand up to get out of poverty and back to work.   Tax reform created a roaring economy, but our job is not done.  Americans are no longer asking ``Where are the jobs?'' Instead,  employers are asking ``Where are the workers?''   When I meet with farmers and small business owners in southern  Missouri, they tell me they desperately need more workers.   We have an economy that is built for growth, but millions of  Americans are on the sidelines. That is why we need the Temporary  Assistance for Needy Families program to refocus on the outcome of  work.   I hope that, during the 6-month extension provided by this bill, my  friends on the other side of the aisle will work with us to improve the  focus of TANF on outcomes so we can stop only measuring the process.  Let's work together to build on the efforts from last Congress so we  can help families become self-sufficient through work.   There is pride in work, and a job is the best way out of poverty.  When individuals and parents work full-time, the poverty rate drops to  just 3 percent.   American taxpayers contribute billions of dollars every year to  support those who are in need. It is our responsibility to ensure  taxpayer dollars are being used in the most effective way possible.  That is why we must reauthorize this program immediately and why I have  pushed for reforms.   House Republicans want every person on TANF who is work eligible to  have an individual plan for how to get back into the workforce. The new  goal isn't to get someone into a job for 2 weeks. The new goal is to  get them into a job and keep them there so they can start their career  and build a better life.    That means we want to surround Americans with more support to allow  them to build their lives, like childcare and transportation. That is  what we will continue to push for as we work on a longer extension.   What has become clear is that we can do a lot better to address the  needs of those struggling to get ahead. With this bill, we renew the  program and set the stage to make additional reforms we know are needed  to expand the opportunity so that everyone can benefit from strong  economic growth.   Reforming TANF to improve the lives of more American families must be  our priority, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to  complete this reauthorization.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 430, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Walorski).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, as you have heard today, there is more that can be and  should be done to address the needs of those struggling to get ahead.  With this bill, we secure the additional time to reform and make the  changes we know are needed to expand opportunity and help more families  move ahead.   We have made considerable progress identifying the challenges and the  solutions, but now we need to finish our work. Let's pass this  extension and work together to complete this reauthorization for the  people we serve.   Again, I urge support of H.R. 430, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   