 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia  for yielding to me, and I rise to address an issue that is within the  underlying bill and express my gratitude and support for the efforts on  the part of the subcommittee chair, Congresswoman Betty McCollum, in  particular.   We have a situation in Sioux City, Iowa, and in that Siouxland area,  much of that Native American population there are the Winnebago. Of  course, they have their problems, Madam Speaker.   One of those problems is drug and alcohol abuse and addiction. And  some of the resources that have traditionally been delivered through  the Indian Health Services have been suspended over the last years.  And, without the note, I am going to say it is 7 or 8 years--something  like that--given the meetings that I have been to.   We asked that language be included in the report language in the  underlying bill that is directed by this rule. Of course, that report  language includes $81 million altogether for the Urban Indian Health  Program, $29,685,000 above the enacted level. So there is an  improvement in that. Then there is money there also, $1,429,000, for  current services, et cetera.   But the foundational language that I appreciate being in here so much  is: ``The committee recognizes nonprofit organizations such as the  Siouxland Human Investment Partnership that help American Indians in  urban areas outside of the Urban Indian Health Program and encourages  the service to offer technical assistance to such organizations  whenever possible and within service authority.'' I very much  appreciate that language.    There is additional language that sets aside and says that: ``The  Interior appropriations bill includes $2 million available for 11  grants or contracts with public or private institutions services to  provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including  alcohol detoxification services.''   We are in the process of building what we are calling Hope Street,  which is going to be a location that allows them to go directly to that  facility for that kind of help.    Madam Speaker, I wanted to conclude with this: The  lead on this effort has been Mr. Frank LaMere. He had been a statesman  for the Winnebagos for years and also for Native Americans in a broader  sense, especially in the upper Midwest.   He tragically passed away 2 days ago. His funeral is today. He worked  on these projects for a lifetime.   It is very fitting that we take action on one of his initiatives here  in this Congress today. And I am hopeful that we will be able to take  up H.R. 184, which also transfers the land back to the Winnebagos that  they should so rightfully have.    Madam Chair, I seek recognition to take up  amendment No. 9 made in order by the rule.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to take  up amendment No. 9. What it does is, it addresses the circumstances of  the underlying bill and strikes lines 14 through 18.   Lines 14 through 18, the effect of that language is that it prohibits  the U.S. Census from asking the question as to whether a respondent to  the Census is a citizen of the United States.   There are people who have political reasons to want to prohibit  asking that question, but this great Nation of the United States of  America has an obligation to know what percentage of the people within  the United States, all of whom will be counted in this Census--the  qualifier to be counted in the Census of the United States is be a Homo  sapien, and that is all.   So we have several categories: We have categories of U.S. citizens  who need to be counted; we have categories of lawful permanent  residents who need to be counted; we have categories of visa holders  who will be counted; and we have illegal aliens who also will be  counted.   I wanted our Commerce Secretary to go further and to count each of  these categories separately and ask the question: If you are a citizen,  say so; if you are a noncitizen, but you are lawfully present in  America, tell us by what legal authority you are; and if you are  unlawfully present, give us that answer, too, so we can look at the  whole cross section of the 30 million Americans that we are and  understand the configuration of our people.   Our Founding Fathers called for a mandatory Census at the end of  every 10 years for the purpose of reapportionment and redistricting;  and so it has been so very important that, for redistricting purposes,  when we count the American people, we know what categories they fit in.  [[Page H4887]]    The Commerce Department has dialed this down from the bill that I  introduced, and they simply asked to separate the difference between  U.S. citizens and noncitizens, which puts illegal aliens and other visa  holders in the same category.   I think we should go further, but all we are going to get is citizen  or noncitizen, and that is what the Commerce Department has called for.   The legitimacy of that question is important, and it is important  that we understand that the voices in this Congress be the voices of  American citizens, not the voices of illegal aliens.   There was a study that was done two Censuses ago that showed that six  congressional districts in California, theoretically, could have been  represented by all illegal aliens. So that diminishes and dilutes the  votes and the representation of American citizens.   Furthermore, when electoral votes are cast for the votes of President  of the United States, those electoral votes are added up. They also  total illegal aliens in the United States of America.   So, for this, I bring this amendment to correct this language, which  is in the underlying bill, and assure that we count citizens separate  from all the rest and remind people that, even though I would like to  be able to count legals and illegals in separate categories and visa  holders in separate categories, that isn't even proposed by our Census  Department.   This is a mild approach by the Trump administration and is seeking to  be undermined by the language that exists in the underlying bill.   Madam Chair, I appreciate the attention, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   