 Madam President, what an honor it is to be out here with  the great leader from the State of Rhode Island, Sheldon Whitehouse,  who has come onto the Senate floor 250 times to say to the Senate and  to say to our country that it is time to wake up. His voice is  inspiring. His voice cuts through all of the obfuscation that has been  paid for by the special interests. It ensures that we hear the truth  about the danger climate change poses to our country and to the planet.   I came out here just to say how special it is for me and for every  other Member who partners with Sheldon Whitehouse on this issue. This  is somebody who has dedicated his career to solving this problem. He  knows all issues go through three phases--political education,  political activation, and political implementation. He has been a one- man tutor in his educating of the American public and the U.S. Senate  on not only the technical aspects of climate change but on the  political aspects of it because, ultimately, it is not a technology  problem; it is a political problem we have. The technologies are ready  to go.   What Senator Whitehouse has done is to have served as this  inspirational center point. He has ensured that the voice of sanity has  been heard, that the voice of truth has been heard. Why is it important  for him to be this incredible leader? It is that climate change--or the  climate crisis--is the national security, economic, environmental,  healthcare, and moral issue of our time, of this century. Everything he  has been saying is something that, in my opinion, is going to wind up  putting him in the history books for the incredible leadership he has  shown.   There are a lot of times in which you can be right but too soon.  People are not ready to hear it. Yet what we are finding across the  country is that more and more people are ready to hear it, especially  the younger generation, especially people who recognize right now they  are going to live their entire lives with this crisis.   How do we know that?   Back in November, our scientists--13 Federal agencies--who were  mandated by a 1990 law, had to present a report to the President on  climate change. All 13 agencies--the Department of Energy, the EPA, the  Department of State--had to come together. Here is what they concluded:  If we do not change what we are doing right now, the planet will warm  by 9 degrees Fahrenheit by the year 2100. Let's say that again. The  planet will warm by 9 degrees Fahrenheit between now and 2100--81 years  from now.   In other words, the pages who are here in the well of the Senate  right now will live through this entire story as it unfolds if we  continue with business as usual. Interestingly, the consequences are  not those the deniers want us to know, for all 13 agencies concluded  there could be upward of--get ready for this--an 11-foot rise in the  ocean in the Northeastern part of the United States. Think about that--  [[Page S5047]]  11 feet higher. The impact would be catastrophic. Our pages will live  through this entire story unless we change what we are doing in our  country, unless we change what the U.S. Senate does to put preventive  measures in place.   What Senator Whitehouse is saying is: Wake up. The science is clear,  and it is unchallengeable.   Our problem is that too many Republicans--especially the denier in  chief who sits in the Oval Office--are nostalgic for a time that never  existed. They pretend, somehow or other, that all of these climate- related problems are going to magically be solved by policies that  don't exist and perhaps we are just in some kind of cycle on our planet  that will go away and that these young people will not have a legacy of  climate change to have to deal with in their lives. Of course, every  scientist in America, with the exception of those who are bought by the  Koch brothers, bought by ExxonMobil, bought by the fossil fuel  companies, agrees that this is going to happen.   From my perspective, what we are seeing is something that is deadly-- the forest fires, the extreme heat waves, the supercharged hurricanes,  the Biblical flooding. All of it is happening as a result of what human  beings are doing to our own planet. Global temperatures are rising like  a runaway freight train. This month is on track to be the hottest month  on Earth ever recorded. May I say that again? The month of July in 2019  is on track to be the hottest month ever recorded in the history of our  planet. Last month was the hottest June in recorded history. Every  month so far in 2019 has been in the top five hottest on record. The  last 5 years have been the hottest 5 years ever recorded, and 20 of the  last 22 years have been the hottest ever recorded.   This is not a drill; this is an emergency, and it is an emergency  that has an answer in deploying wind and solar and new batteries and  all-electric vehicles and energy efficiency and investing in new  technologies that can accelerate the solution even more. It is all  there for us to do.   Right now, we are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Apollo  mission to the Moon. President Kennedy felt there was an existential  threat to our planet that the Soviet Union was posing. He actually said  at Rice University that he knew we were behind. The Russians had  already sent up Sputnik. The Russians had already sent up Yuri Gagarin.  He said we were behind but that we would not be behind by the end of  the decade. He made it quite clear that we would have to invent metals  that did not exist, invent alloys that did not exist, invent propulsion  systems that did not exist; that we would have to return from the  mission from the Moon through heat that was half the intensity of the  Sun and that we would have to do so within a decade so we would control  that existential threat.   The U.N. scientists and our scientists have each now said that  climate change poses an existential threat to our planet--not ours, not  Senator Whitehouse's and mine. Those are the words of the scientists of  the planet and our own scientists.   So we have to respond in the same way that President Kennedy asked  our Nation to respond back in the 1960s. And the young people in our  country--they are ready to go. They are ready to do whatever is  necessary. But in order to do so, it is going to require us to take the  kinds of actions that are necessary.   The U.N. special report said that if emissions are not cut by 100  percent by 2050, climate change will lead to natural disasters costing  $54 trillion over the next 80 years.   A lot of people say: Can we afford to take on this challenge? What  our scientists are saying is that we can't afford not to take on this  challenge. We can't afford that kind of a price when we can create  millions of jobs saving the planet in wind and solar and new all- electric vehicles and buildings, technologies, energy efficiency. We  can save all of creation by engaging in massive job creation. It is all  there for us.   We just did it with the telecommunications revolution. We moved from  black, rotary dial phones to the young people who are here in the well  of the Senate here today--they have iPhones that they walk around with.  Those iPhones have more computing power than the computers on the  Apollo mission. How did we do that? We are Americans. We take on these  challenges, and we revolutionized the telecommunications industry to  move from the black, rotary dial phone. And these young people don't  even know what that is.   We have moved from having no fax machines in our country 40 years ago  to today. There are no fax machines in America. That is how quick the  revolution goes when you put a plan together to accomplish it.   Well, the same thing is true in the clean energy sector, and what  Senator Whitehouse has been leading us on is this explication to the  Senate that we can do it. You can't let the special interests dictate  it, though. You can't let the dark money control it. That is his  lecture to us, that it is incredibly important for us to ignore it. In  the same way we ignored the monopolies in telecommunications, we have  to ignore the monopolies and the duopolies that exist in the energy  sector as well.   So I thank the Senator from Rhode Island again, and I will repeatedly  do so because he will reach 300 speeches out here on the floor and 500  speeches out here on the floor. You might as well put an infinity sign  behind the number because that is how many speeches he will give out  here on the Senate floor to wake up this institution. That day is going  to come, and I just wanted to come out here and thank Senator  Whitehouse for his incredible leadership and to let him know that I am  honored to be his partner in this effort.   I will be by your side the entire time it takes for us to get a  solution for the young people in our country that they deserve and they  expect from this institution.   I yield the floor.    The Good Lord and Mitch McConnell.    Madam President, you know, Massachusetts is the Bay  State, and Rhode Island is the Ocean State.   Back 240 or so years ago, Paul Revere got on his horse, and he  started riding, warning of great danger. From my perspective, Sheldon  Whitehouse is a latter-day Paul Revere, and he is warning that the  climate crisis is coming and that it is going to be much worse than it  is today.   So from my perspective, this latter-day Paul Revere, who is Sheldon  Whitehouse, represents the best of New England and the best of our  country and the best of our planet because we have to be all in this  together, and we can't be leaders by sitting on the sidelines, which is  where Donald Trump wants to have us. The Indians, the Chinese, and  others--they won't  [[Page S5048]]  listen to us. You cannot preach temperance from a barstool. You can't  tell the rest of the world to do something while you have a cigar in  one hand and a beer in the other. That is where we are now with  pollution under President Trump.   We have to be leaders, not laggers. That is what Sheldon Whitehouse  is all about. That is why it is my great honor to be up here with him,  and for as long as it takes, he will be out here.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my fellow,  Michele Bustamante, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  this session.   