 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 491, I call up  the resolution (H. Res. 489) condemning President Trump's racist  comments directed at Members of Congress, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H. Res. 489.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, the comments described in this resolution were not just  offensive to our colleagues; they were inconsistent with the principles  and values upon which this Nation was founded.   In urging four female Members of Congress of color to ``go back''  where they came from, these comments were not only factually incorrect,  but they were also deeply hurtful and divisive.   These were shocking comments, even from an administration that rips  children from the arms of their parents and warehouses asylum seekers  in facilities under inhumane conditions. We cannot let this moment pass  without a forceful condemnation.   Need I remind the Speaker that this is the same President who  defended the ``very fine people'' at the neo-Nazi march in  Charlottesville, who denounced the ``s-hole countries'' in Africa and  the Caribbean, who claimed that Haitian immigrants ``all have AIDS,''  [[Page H5846]]  and who declared that a Mexican American judge who was born in the  United States had an ``inherent conflict of interest'' against him.   At every turn, Democrats have denounced offensive comments that  emanate from the White House, but the silence coming from the other  side of the aisle has been deafening. I hope that will finally change  today.   This Congress must speak--loudly and with one voice--to condemn the  President's words and, more importantly, to condemn the sentiments  behind them.   The United States should be a beacon of hope and a refuge to those  who need its protection, and it should welcome with open arms those who  embody our values and ideals.   From our earliest days as a nation, we have welcomed people fleeing  persecution and violence and those who seek economic opportunity and  freedom in a land whose diversity is one of its greatest strengths. But  the President has, instead, pursued a relentless campaign to build both  a literal and a figurative wall around this Nation.   We must not turn our backs on our historic commitment to immigration  and to refuge, and we must not fall prey to racial stereotypes and  nativist fear-mongering that thinks that some immigrants who came here  years ago are okay but those who come here today, because they are from  so-called s-hole countries, are not okay.   It was Martin Luther King who told us: ``I have a dream that my four  little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be  judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their  character.''   The offensive words by the President undermine that dream. They  contradict that dream.   Mr. Chair, I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in  denouncing racism and in supporting this resolution, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Malinowski), the sponsor of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Speaker, I now yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the distinguished Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I move that the gentlewoman from California  [[Page H5853]]  (Ms. Pelosi) be permitted to proceed in order.   