 Madam President, it is National Small Business Week, and  in Montana, small businesses are a critical part of our life. In fact,  I grew up watching my parents build a small business. They are made up  of hard-working families who lift up their companies and neighborhoods,  and it is what keeps our economy growing and keeps our economy strong.   In fact, when I am back home in Montana and back in my hometown of  Bozeman, you might find me in the morning grabbing a cup of coffee from  Cold Smoke with my sweet wife Cindy, or I might be heading over to  Butte. I might be picking up a new mount from my taxidermist, Marc, who  does a great job there in Butte. Or maybe it is time for dinner and  grabbing a bite to eat at the Mint in Belgrade. Of course, if you are  over in Billings, you have to stop and get a cinnamon roll at Stella's.  If you are heading through Helena, get a great lunch there at Steve's  Cafe. Or if you are up in the northwest part of the State, you might  grab a beer at the Cabinet Mountain Brewery. Or there is nothing like  breakfast at Syke's in Kalispell.   In fact, one of the old-time favorites in Missoula is the Thunderbird  Motel. They have a great owner there, Thelma, who has been a friend for  years. I still remember how excited the men and women who were  stationed in Afghanistan and from our very own 495th from Kalispell  were when we brought over--hand-carried over to Afghanistan--back in  December, some Hi-Country beef jerky from Lincoln, MT, because for  them, that Hi-Country beef jerky tasted like being back home.   These mom and pop shops of Montana tell the story of the ideals that  make our Nation great. In fact, in Montana, 90 percent of our  businesses are small businesses--90 percent. Montana's small business  owners are hard-working Montanans. They have taken a leap of faith to  pursue the dream of owning their own business.   They get up early, they roll their sleeves up, and they don't stop  working until they get the job done. They are folks who put everything  they have into starting a business. They are working all day,  oftentimes into the night, to keep that business growing. Their voices  that make our economy run in Montana are seldom heard on the national  stage.   Those businesses that I mentioned earlier that I like to frequent are  not household names across our country. They are well-known names back  in their respective communities, but they are not on the national  stage, and it is my honor to be their voice, to fight for policies that  make their lives back in Montana easier.   Thankfully, under Republican leadership over the last 3 years, our  country has experienced record economic growth. That is not by  accident.   Since we passed tax reform, over 3\1/2\ million new jobs have been  added to this economy, and we are seeing more money in the pockets of  Montanans. Wages are up. Productivity is up. The unemployment rate sits  at a 50. That is a five-decades-old low of 3.6 percent. Many said that  can never be done. Guess what. Under President Trump's leadership,  working with this Republican Congress, they have gotten it done.   I want to make sure this economic hot streak continues because our  rural communities back in Montana rely on these small businesses. That  is why just last month I introduced the Main Street Tax Certainty Act,  which would give these small businesses permanent tax relief. When  government stands out of the way, when burdensome regulations are  lifted, and when Congress finally understands that it is not government  that creates growth but it is the individuals--the hard-working men and  women in this country--then, there is no telling how far we can go as a  nation. We have to keep this economy booming, and we must keep  Montana's small businesses thriving.   I yield the floor.   