 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I very strongly support the SAFE Act. This is something that the  Democrats have been focused on from day one. Day one meaning, the day  after the 2016 election, when we saw the attacks that had come in  against our democracy, we realized we were very exposed, and we needed  to take action.   This is our chance to stand up against interference from foreign  adversaries who are trying to hack in, sow discord, undermine our  elections, and create havoc here in our own country. This is  fundamental to protecting our democracy.   So we were on the case from the beginning. We convened the Election  Security Task Force, which was led by Zoe Lofgren, Bob Brady, Bennie  Thompson and others. They looked at all of the best practices that we  need to put in place to make sure that our elections are strong and  sturdy, and how do we fortify them, and they produced those  recommendations.   We then took those recommendations and we put them into H.R. 1, the  For the People Act, and we passed those on March 8 of this year,  because we knew that this was a priority and that there is no time to  waste.   Now, our Republican colleagues, unfortunately, did not want to go  along with those broad, sweeping reforms that were contained in H.R. 1,  including election security measures. So we made it easy for them, we  said, ``Okay. We will start to break those things out. We will take the  election security piece and we will bring it as a separate bill to the  floor of the House.'' That is the SAFE Act. But we still, apparently,  don't have their support.   This is their opportunity, this is their chance to stand up and show  their patriotism, to defend our democracy, to protect our Constitution,  to make sure that our elections are going to be safe.   So let's talk about what is in the SAFE Act, the Safeguarding  America's Federal Elections Act.   We have significant resources that are going to be brought to bear to  build up, to fortify the election security infrastructure of our  country. This is what the public wants to see. They want to be ready  for the 2020 election.   We have risk-limiting audits to make sure that States across the  country are figuring out what is going on. Where do we make changes?  How do we protect ourselves?   Paper ballots. We have had a lot of discussion about that today.  Paper ballots are incredibly important in terms of boosting the  confidence of the public that elections will be carried out in a way  that you can verify the tally, people have the confidence that when  they go to the ballot box, they put their ballot in there, that that  vote will be counted.   We have no time to waste. We need to get this done now if we are  going to be ready for the 2020 election.   Bob Mueller came along with his report and he said that the Russian  interference was sweeping and systematic in 2016.   Every leader in our intelligence community has also echoed the fact  that 2016 was a dress rehearsal. They are coming in 2020.   We need to be ready. We need to protect our elections. Let's support  the SAFE Act.   