 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to recognize a gentleman by the name  of Christian Cook.   Christian Cook has been a vital member of the staff on the Senate's  Select Committee on Intelligence for the last 8 years and has been my  personal designee on the committee for the majority of that time.  Throughout Christian's career, he has continuously put his country  above himself and has been tirelessly dedicated to achieving excellence  in all areas of his work across the national security spectrum.   His passion to serve first led him to become a special agent for the  U.S. Secret Service, where he expertly conducted investigations of  violations of Federal criminal law and threats against the President  and Vice President. He worked diligently to ensure that the safety and  security of the President, the Vice President, and numerous foreign  heads of state were without question. Christian also served a pivotal  role in the design, preparation and execution of the security plan for  the 2005 Presidential Inaugural Parade. Christian's focus on supporting  national security efforts continued when he transitioned to the private  sector.   While working with Booz Allen Hamilton, he skillfully developed time- sensitive and complex tactical solutions for classified U.S.  intelligence clients. With The Cohen Group, Christian provided  strategic insights that enabled key clients to meet their evolving  global security needs. At the USIS, he also seamlessly managed complex,  classified programs for the U.S. intelligence community and for Federal  law enforcement Agencies, substantially strengthening their  counterterrorism capabilities.   Christian subsequently joined the Senate Select Committee on  Intelligence. It is hard to know where to start to list his many  accomplishments. In the last 8 years, he has done everything, and he  has done it all to his own exceedingly high standards. He initially  served with the audits team and was intricately involved in the  committee's oversight of the U.S. intelligence community's 17  intelligence Agencies. By conducting thorough reviews of specific  intelligence programs, his expert knowledge and deep insight enabled  the committee to identify items of concern and outline proposals for  their improvement.   It quickly became clear to me that Christian had an unsurpassed  capability to conduct intelligence oversight but also a unique ability  to analyze complex challenges and identify solutions. At that time, I  personally selected him to be my designee on the committee. As my  designee, he expertly analyzed and advised me on the myriad of threats  across the intelligence landscape.   He also flawlessly facilitated the development, passage, and  implementation of critical intelligence-related legislation in this  body.   Several of Christian's colleagues have had the privilege to work with  him for years. When asked what words best describe Christian, numerous  clear themes resound, such as dedication, his passion for our Nation  and its security,  [[Page S1813]]  very high standards, devotion to mission, and for always ensuring that  the trains run on time.   Without fail, Christian is the person all staff goes to for insight,  for guidance, and assistance with getting their job done. His  colleagues appreciate his honesty, his integrity, and his ability to  disarm anyone with a laugh and a warm word of appreciation.   When I became chairman of the Senate Select Committee on  Intelligence, Christian was my clear choice to serve as my senior  policy adviser and deputy staff director. In these critical roles,  Christian expertly led the development and implementation of the  strategic direction for the 15 Members of the U.S. Senate who sit on  this committee and the committee staff. Regularly arriving at the  office long before sunrise, he directed the day-to-day planning and  execution of the committee's key oversight functions, to include  establishing and managing the committee's complex open and closed  hearing schedule, facilitating the confirmation process for numerous  Presidential nominees, and managing the ongoing interactions between  members of the committee and the leaders of 17 intelligence Agencies.  He also adeptly coordinated the collaboration with other congressional  committees and managed the daily activities of the committee's  professional staff and administrative staff.   Separately and concurrently, Christian also continued to serve as my  intelligence and national security advisor, providing keen insight and  valuable advice on the full range of national security challenges.  Throughout my time as chairman of the committee, I have always known I  could count on Christian to provide me with critical background and  sage advice on every issue, without fail, thanks in part to his uncanny  ability to call to mind any facts he picked up in the last 8 years.   I note for the record the length of this list of responsibilities  reflects Christian's hard work, long hours, and dedication. It also  highlights the value he brings to me and to the committee. Christian  has the foresight to anticipate problems, the instinct to pick the  right time to drive forward, and the superior judgment to know the path  right ahead.   Christian's tireless service was made possible not just because of  his own dedication and character but because he was confident in the  love and support of his wife Christina and the adoration of three young  and precious sons--Casson, Callen, and Caulder. For their own sacrifice  and for their willingness to share Christian with the committee, we are  indebted to them.   I might say, on a personal note, at times he could, on weekends or  breaks, be home with his three boys and his wife, instead he has been  on an airplane with me flying somewhere around the world that nobody  would consider a vacation site--traveling halfway around the world and  back in less than 3\1/2\ days, and that was done regularly. Now he will  have an opportunity to get some normalcy to his life.   Christian's unwavering support to me has been impeccable. I am  delighted to have the opportunity to publicly thank him and to note my  personal appreciation for his dedication. He has earned our deepest  respect, our admiration, and we will miss his devotion and his  friendship. His positive impact on U.S. national security and his  legacy within the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence will remain  for years to come. I know I join the other 14 members in publicly  saying to Christian that we wish him great success in the next chapter  of life. We hope this one gives him the opportunity to see his children  grow and to grow his relationship with his wife.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   