 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlemen from New Jersey, Mr.  Smith and Mr. Sires, and Mr. Engel for their hard work on this  important resolution that I support, the Global Fund to fight AIDS,  tuberculosis, and malaria.   Over the last 17 years, 32 million lives have been saved as a result  of the Global Fund partnering with U.S. programs to change the course  of health outcomes. Yet, there is much more work to do. The Global Fund  set a fundraising goal of $14 billion over the next 3 years in order to  save an additional 16 million lives.   Since 2003, the United States has been a longtime and consistent  partner of the Global Fund and the largest bilateral donor. The U.S.  has historically provided $1 for every $2 raised by other donors.   Our contributions have been an effective tool to leverage other  donors and secure greater commitments. However, uncertainty over final  spending bills has complicated the U.S. contribution. That is why my  friend Chairman Engel and I introduced this resolution, to reaffirm our  commitment to the Global Fund and assure our donors of this U.S.  commitment.   In October, pledge amounts for the next 3 years were submitted, and I  am pleased that this resolution played a role in affirming the U.S.  commitment to the Global Fund and helped spur more donors to step up to  the fight against AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important  resolution, and I also hope that we can consider a final appropriation  bill soon that provides the necessary $1.56 billion over the next 3  years to the Global Fund.   Rarely, Mr. Speaker, in this Chamber do we pass laws and resolutions  that have such a direct impact on the lives of others. That is the true  calling, the true mission, that I think we share on both sides of the  aisle, to make this world a better place. This resolution will  certainly do that.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the End Neglected  Tropical Diseases Act, a bill sponsored by my good friend, Mr. Smith of  New Jersey. I want to commend him for his efforts as being a steadfast  leader on this very important issue that is going to save lives--and  has saved lives. He is really the conscience, I think, of this body  when it comes to this issue.  [[Page H9197]]    NTDs represent a group of parasitic and bacterial diseases that  currently afflict more than 1.4 billion people worldwide. They can  result in severe disabilities such as blindness, compounding existing  social and economic challenges in the areas where these diseases  thrive.   To be clear, the United States has taken a leadership role in the  fight against NTDs. As many of these diseases have approved treatments,  USAID's NTD program has supplied medicine to key impacted countries  using an innovative public-private partnership, as Congressman Smith  alluded to.   Since 2006, USAID has leveraged more than $22 billion in donated  medicines to provide about $2.6 billion in treatments. However, there  is much more to be done, especially to build global political support  to fight NTDs.   To that end, this bill directs our flagship global health program,  PEPFAR, to find opportunities to integrate NTD research and care into  their existing efforts to fight HIV/AIDS, where appropriate.   To lessen the U.S. burden in this fight, this bill also encourages  greater participation in the research, treatment, and care of NTDs from  the Global Fund, the United Nations, and other G-20 partners.   NTDs pose a significant threat to health outcomes and have a  detrimental effect on developing economies. I again thank Mr. Smith for  his great leadership on this issue. And, once again, to pass something  in this House that will save lives is truly one of the most gratifying  experiences that we, as Members of Congress, have.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 546.   Under President Putin's leadership, Russia has invaded and occupied  parts of Ukraine and Georgia, assassinated political opponents at home  and abroad, and enabled the corrupt regimes of Assad in Syria and  Maduro in Venezuela.   Putin has also waged cyber warfare and disinformation campaigns  against the United States and our allies, interfered in our elections,  and spied off of our coasts with their submarine warfare capability.    All of these actions go against the fundamental principles of the  Group of Seven and threaten democracies around the world.   As I have said many times over the years, Mr. Putin is not our  friend. The United States and our allies cannot trust him to be a  reliable partner as long as he continues to lead his country down a  path of corruption, assassinations, and oppression.   As stated in this resolution, Russia should not be readmitted to the  Group of Seven until Putin respects the principles shared by the other  members, relinquishes his choke hold over Crimea, and ceases his global  attacks on democratic institutions. Maintaining the integrity of the  Group of Seven is vital to the group's success, and Russia cannot be  allowed to bully its way back in.   I would like to thank Representative Sires for his hard work on this  resolution, and my good friend, Representative Smith, for championing  this resolution today. Under Putin's leadership, the world has become  more deadly and more dangerous, and his people have fewer freedoms and  greater poverty.   In closing, we need to stand up to dictators like Mr. Putin. I do  think this is not, again, a Republican or a Democrat issue. Standing up  against a hostile enemy, Mr. Putin and the Russian Federation, is an  American issue.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan  UIGHUR Act.   I want to commend my colleagues, all three of them, from New Jersey-- I think this is New Jersey Day on the floor--Mr. Smith, Mr. Sires, and  Mr. Malinowski.   For the last several years, the Communist dictatorship in Beijing has  been unleashing a brutal crackdown on the Uighur and Turkic Muslims in  western China.   It is believed that between 1 to 3 million ethnic minorities have  been detained and sent to internment camps where they are indoctrinated  with state propaganda and tortured. The goal of the Chinese Government  is to strip these individuals of their religious and cultural identity.   Many people detained are never heard from again. Families have been  torn apart. Sons and daughters are left wondering if they will ever be  reunited with their moms and dads.   Some of our most senior officials, including National Security  Advisor Robert O'Brien, have described these detention centers as  ``concentration camps.'' Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has referred to  China's repression as the ``stain of the century.''   The Chinese Government states that these camps are part of their  efforts to combat violent extremism. They also say these detention  centers are job training facilities. But what is happening is nothing  less than a state-sponsored and systematic campaign designed to enforce  a ``cultural genocide.''   As the beacon of hope and freedom to the rest of the world, the  United States cannot stay silent. If we do, our silence will be  remembered as our complicity; our inaction will become our appeasement.   We know that the Chinese Communist Party would love nothing more than  for the rest of the world to mirror its authoritarianism. We cannot  allow this to happen.   This legislation gives us the opportunity to take real action and  help stop these evil crimes:   First, it provides that the United States policy towards China should  be explicitly linked to the human rights abuses;   Second, it requires the application of the Global Magnitsky sanctions  on Chinese officials responsible for repression against Uighur or  Turkic Muslims;   Third, it mandates the State Department submit to Congress a report  on human rights abuses in this western province of China; and   Fourth, it restricts the export of certain U.S. technology items to  China that are used to suppress individual privacy, freedom of  movement, and basic human rights.   This is a very important bill, and, again, I would like to thank our  colleagues--and particularly Brad Sherman, who introduced this along  with Senator Rubio--for all their efforts to get this done to where we  are today.   So let's come together as Republicans and Democrats to ensure that  atrocities committed by the Communist dictatorship in Beijing will have  consequences. Let's show the world that the United States will impose a  cost on the Chinese Communist Party's leaders for their crimes now and  in the future.   