 Mr. President, I rise to discuss why we needed to reform  the confirmation process. It was absolutely necessary to ensure that  the Senate is able to approve the President's nominees in a timely  manner.   Delays and obstruction have prevented qualified nominees from being  confirmed. In fact, at the pace the Senate has been going, it would  take more than 5 years to process the remaining nominees. Clearly, the  process isn't working.   In the Senate, we take our advice and consent role very seriously. We  all want to ensure that we have capable and qualified individuals  serving in important positions. Delays in the confirmation process  often have nothing to do with the qualifications of the candidate.   These nominees have been vetted and approved by the appropriate  committee, only to spend weeks or months waiting to be considered by  the full Senate. Currently, there are more than 100 nominees awaiting  confirmation on the Senate calendar. That is because our colleagues on  the other side of the aisle have been using the filibuster to delay all  of the nominees--even routine, highly qualified nominees.   In past administrations, a cloture vote was only required for high- level or controversial nominations that required additional  deliberation or debate. Under President Trump, our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have required cloture on hundreds of nominees,  which means instead of approving these nominations in a timely manner,  it often takes 3 days on the Senate floor before a final vote is taken.  That is because, following a vote to invoke cloture, there is an  additional 30 hours of floor debate after an intervening day.   During the first 2 years of the previous 3 Presidencies, there were a  total of 24 cloture votes. During the first 2 years of President  Trump's Presidency, the Senate forced a cloture vote on 128  nominations. Think about that--24 for the prior 3 Presidents and 128  cloture votes on President Trump's nominations. For President Obama,  during his first 2 years--to compare President Trump to President  Obama's first 2 years--12 for Obama. There were 12 for President Obama  and 128 for President Trump.   So let me provide another example. During the 8 years of the Obama  administration, the Senate confirmed 272 district court judges. Since  President Trump has been elected, the Senate has confirmed 53 district  judges--272 to 53 district court judges. At that pace, only 195  district court judges would be approved over a full 8-year period, far  less than the 272 during the Obama administration.   These delays impact qualified individuals across the Nation. For  example, Peter Welte, the nominee to be the U.S. district court judge  for the District of North Dakota, was nominated by President Trump more  than 77 days ago. It has been about 230 days since Drew Wrigley,  nominee to be U.S. attorney for the District of North Dakota was  originally reported by President Trump--230 days. These are qualified  nominees from my home State of North Dakota and the Presiding Officer's  home State of North Dakota who have been approved by the Senate  Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support. Yet both are still waiting  for confirmation by the U.S. Senate. They need to be out there doing  their job. They need to get confirmed.   That is why we voted today to reduce debate from 30 hours to 2 hours  for nominees like district court judges as well as many executive  branch nominees, while retaining the 30 hours of debate for high-level  nominees--for circuit court judges, Supreme Court judges, and for  Cabinet positions. We did not change the confirmation for nominees to  the highest levels of government, including the Supreme Court, circuit  court, and for Cabinet-level officials.   This reform does streamline the process for other important nominees  who have languished on the Senate calendar for far too long. This is a  commonsense reform to ensure that there is still debate on nominees,  while making the process more efficient and effective so we can get  qualified nominees confirmed and working for the American people, as is  our job.   With that, I yield the floor.   