 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As the senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and as a  former chairman of the Middle East and South Asia Subcommittee, I rise  today in opposition to H. Res. 326, legislation that I believe is  biased against Israel.   To understand this resolution, it must be taken in context. In July,  this House overwhelmingly passed H. Res. 246, which condemned efforts  to delegitimize Israel. It also reaffirmed our support for a two-state  solution.   A mere 5 months later, we are considering this redundant legislation  when we should be talking about the National Defense Authorization Act,  funding the government, prescription drug prices, the opioid epidemic,  so many other things. Instead, House Democrats find it more important  to rebuke the Trump administration because it took the position that  Jewish settlements in the West Bank are not illegal.   What is really happening here is this resolution is meant to paper  over a deep division within the Democratic Party between responsible  voices who understand the importance of our relationship with Israel,  and many of those are here today speaking, and a campus radical left  that pushes BDS, welcomes anti-Semitic attacks on Israel, and believes  that Israel is the problem while the Palestinians are just helpless  victims.   Forceful, principled Democratic leadership would take seriously their  responsibility to educate the public and clear up these misbegotten  notions. Instead, they have opted to cover over this serious problem  with their flawed legislation today. That is most unfortunate.   Further, the resolution itself is fatally deficient in a number of  ways. Again, context is critical. The resolution completely ignores the  reason why the two-state solution has never gotten off the ground:  venomous voices among the Palestinians don't want two states. They want  one, a Palestinian state.   The blame falls squarely on these pernicious forces. Just look at the  recent round of rocket attacks from Gaza.   That is why we shouldn't rule out other options by saying two states  is the only possible solution, as this resolution does. It gives the  Palestinians a vote over Israel's future, and we shouldn't let that  happen.   Additionally, by raising the issues of settlements and annexation  without serious criticism of Palestinian terrorism and intransigence,  which far outweighs anything that Israel has done, this resolution buys  into the narrative of the campus left that Israel is the perpetrator  and the Palestinians are just victims, an anti-Semitic narrative.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I oppose this resolution, and I urge  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote against it.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin) for his  leadership on this.   