 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose the rule and the  underlying legislation that is both ill-advised and misguided.   The environment in the United States isn't getting dramatically worse  as those on the other side claim. We are using more while actually  reducing air pollutants.   The total emissions of the six major air pollutants has dropped by 68  percent since 1970. This is a feat no other country has accomplished.   How did we do this? These milestones have been reached due to free- market innovation and technological advances only possible in a  capitalistic society.   This is how to solve problems, not through disastrous plans like the  Paris climate accord that imposes burdensome and costly regulations not  approved by Congress. Remember that: not approved by Congress.   The accord, which was negotiated unilaterally by the Obama  administration with little congressional oversight, was flawed in both  process and substance. The Obama administration skipped the  ratification process in the Senate and tied the American people's hands  through executive power.    In fact, I offered an amendment in committee to delay this  legislation until the Senate performed their constitutional duty, but  the other side would rather send billions of taxpayer dollars to other  countries without congressional approval. If the American people are  forced to put aside their personal needs in order to help the global  good, the Constitution should be followed, and the Senate should  perform their proper role.   The substance of the Paris climate accord was equally flawed and  would have significantly damaged the American economy. It is estimated  that the Paris climate accord would result in a loss of 400,000 jobs, a  total income loss of $20,000 or more per family of four, and an  aggregate gross domestic product loss of over $2.5 trillion.   While causing harm to the U.S. economy, the accord does nothing to  hold the biggest offenders of the emissions accountable, nations like  Russia and China. Again, an amendment was offered in committee to hold  these nations--Russia and China--to the same standards the United  States would be held to and it was shot down by the other side.   We can't have effective climate policy that puts the United States at  a disadvantage to its main security and economic competitors in the  world. This is not an America First agenda. This legislation is more of  a redistribution of wealth scheme than actual sound environmental  policy.    I think it is telling when former U.N. climate official  Ottmar Edenhofer said regarding international climate policy, ``We  redistribute de facto the world's wealth by climate policy.''   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat this rule and defeat  the underlying legislation.   