 Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R.  2379.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, this may seem like just a perfunctory  thing, but I want to speak about what we just did.   The Senate passed legislation to permanently reauthorize the  Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program. This is the sixth time I  have worked to reauthorize this lifesaving program since I and my  Republican partner, Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell, of Colorado,  authored the legislation to establish it more than 20 years ago.   My role in authoring this program--and my commitment to it ever since  as we have reauthorized it and reauthorized it--was, in part, motivated  by a horrific incident the year before Senator Nighthorse Campbell and  I created it.   On August 19, 1997, a man named Carl Drega went on a killing spree  along the Vermont and New Hampshire border. After hours of pursuit,  Federal, State, and local law enforcement authorities in Vermont and  New Hampshire cornered Drega, and in an ensuing exchange of gunfire, he  was killed.   During the shoot-out, all of the Federal law enforcement officers  involved were wearing bulletproof vests. This includes John Pfeifer, a  Vermonter and a  [[Page S2902]]  longtime friend. His father was one of my favorite professors in  college, and I remember John as a child. He was seriously wounded. In  fact, at that time, then-FBI Director Louis Freeh and his family were  staying with us at our home in Vermont.   We visited Officer Pfeifer, who was a U.S. Border Patrol agent, in  the hospital. He was grievously wounded, but he survived and later  became the Chief Patrol Agent of the sector. I have always feared--and  I believe he agrees--that had it not been for his bulletproof vest, the  outcome for John and his family may have been much worse.   Some of the state and local officers involved were not that  fortunate. Two New Hampshire state troopers were killed. They were not  wearing bulletproof vests. I don't know whether vests would have saved  their lives. Let us hope they would have.   One thing I do know is that no officer should have to serve without  having the benefit of wearing a bulletproof vest. That is what this is  all about. I am immensely proud of this program. It is the most  tangible support that all of us in Congress--both parties--can provide  to our Nation's law enforcement officers.   To this day, for far too many jurisdictions, especially rural and  smaller agencies, vests cost too much, and they wear out too soon. This  program fills in the gap. It has provided more than 13,000 law  enforcement agencies with 1.35 million vests. It has saved the lives of  countless officers, several of whom have shared their stories with the  Judiciary Committee, here in the Senate, during previous years. In  fact, according to the Government Accountability Office, more than  3,000 officers' lives have been saved by vests since 1987. It makes me  very proud to know these officers can still be with their families and  their departments.   Just yesterday, my office received a call from the Union City Police  Department in Georgia. Last month, one of its officers, Jerome Turner,  Jr.--shown in this photograph--was shot multiple times when he  responded to a call. One round hit him directly in the chest, but it  did not get through his bulletproof vest. When backup arrived, Officer  Turner was lying on the ground from his other injuries. He went through  6 hours of surgery, but he lived. His department called yesterday to  tell me that the vest that saved his life was purchased through this  program. Everybody in my office and I just applauded at that news.   My staff also had a chance to talk with Officer Turner. He is still  recovering, but he said he is happy to be home with his family--his  family he might never have seen again. He also said what we all know to  be true--the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program is critical to  ensuring officers around the country can return home to their families  after their shifts.   Officer Turner knows a lot about this program. It turns out that he  previously served as the chief of police in a small town in Florida,  which is the Presiding Officer's State. He used this program to outfit  his officers with protective vests in order to keep his officers safe  while they were protecting us.   This week is National Police Week. It is a time for the Nation to  honor the many brave men and women in law enforcement who have lost  their lives while having served their communities. That includes the  163 officers who were lost last year--52 of them killed by gunfire. The  fact that Congress has now passed legislation to permanently  reauthorize this program places real meaning behind our words of  tribute. The legislation also increases the funding for vests as, year  after year, only a fraction of the need is met.   This program is not now, and never has been, partisan. When we  started, I said that I and Ben Nighthorse Campbell, of Colorado--a  Republican--started it. I am especially grateful to Senator Lindsey  Graham for being the lead cosponsor of both this and the last  reauthorization.   Last week, our bill was being considered by the Judiciary Committee.  I have to admit I was a bit surprised and very humbled when Chairman  Graham called up an amendment to name the program after me and when it  then got a unanimous vote from Republicans and Democrats. I am always  going to be thankful, for the program is personal to me, and it is  personal, certainly, to the officers who wear these vests.   I thank my many staff who have worked on this program for 22 years,  including Dave Pendle, Erica Chabot, Ed Pagano, Bruce Cohen, Matt  Virkstis, Kristine Lucius, Chan Park, David Carle, Jessica Berry, and  many others.   I am also thankful to the entire law enforcement community, which has  spoken with a single voice on this issue--a single voice. In particular  I would like to thank Chuck Canterbury, Jim Pasco, and Tim Richardson  with the Fraternal Order of Police--all friends of mine. The FOP has  strongly supported this program from the beginning, and has been there  for each of the six reauthorizations.   I would also like to thank for their support the International  Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Association of Police  Organizations, the National Sheriffs' Association, the Major County  Sheriffs' Association, the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the Federal  Law Enforcement Officers Association, the National Tactical Officers  Association, and the Sergeants Benevolent Association, Last, I would  like to thank the sponsors of the House companion which the Senate just  passed, Congressmen Bill Pascrell and Peter King.   Without this legislation, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant  Program would expire next year. Once this legislation is signed into  law, it will never expire. It has already saved the lives of so many,  and placed vests on the backs of well over one million officers. Now we  know that millions more officers will be protected, and millions of  officers like Officer Turner will be able to go home to their families.   I wonder if the Senate would allow me to tell a story.   When we were doing the reauthorization, I had asked a police officer  from Pennsylvania to come and testify. He came. His parents, his wife,  and his children sat behind him. He gave very moving testimony. He said  the two most important things to him in life were his family and law  enforcement. He told us about how, a short while before, he stopped a  car at a routine traffic stop. He got out of his police car, and the  person in the other car stepped out and fired four shots at him--point  blank. He fell over. Others caught the person.   He said: As I was falling, I thought I would never see my family  again. I had a couple of cracked ribs. They came to visit me in the  hospital. I went back home with them to their love and care. Then I  went back to work. This is what saved me.   He reached under the table and held up a bulletproof vest, and you  could still see three large caliber slugs embedded in it.   He said: Those would have been in my heart. I never would have seen  my family, and I never would have gone back to law enforcement.   At that time, I was the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee.  After his testimony, I asked if we could have a unanimous vote to  reauthorize. It was the fastest unanimous vote I can remember in that  committee.   As I said then and as I say now, this is the least Congress can do on  behalf of our Nation's law enforcement officers. Obviously, I am proud  to have had the legislation named after me, but I am proud of all of  the Senators over the last 20-plus years--Republicans and Democrats-- who have supported it. I am glad we have done it. Now it will head to  the President for his signature, and I am sure the President will sign  it without delay.   I see nobody else who seeks recognition.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   