 Madam Chair, I rise today to speak in support of the  Grand Canyon Centennial Protection Act, legislation that would ban  uranium mining in and near the Grand Canyon.   I am proud to represent Arizona's First Congressional District, which  is home to the Grand Canyon. Our canyon is a national treasure with  cultural significance to Native American Tribes and Nations throughout  the region, as well as home to the Havasupai Tribe.   The Grand Canyon brings in over 6 million visitors each year. In  2018, these visitors spent $1.2 billion in the local economy and  supported over 12,000 jobs. The Grand Canyon is also home to the  Colorado River, the water supply for an enormous portion of the  southwest region.   Potential contamination of the water by uranium mining would have a  ripple effect that would devastate the 40 million people that rely on  the Colorado River and local aquifers. Unfortunately, areas in and near  the canyon are plagued by the toxic legacy of uranium mining to this  day.   Currently, there are over 500 abandoned uranium mines in the Navajo  Nation alone. They have been there for 80 years. The Federal Government  has an obligation to clean them up, as did the mining companies that  abandoned them.   Cancer diagnoses in the region are extremely high and are directly  linked to uranium mining activity dating back to the Cold War.   Today, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to pass the Grand  Canyon Centennial Protection Act. This commonsense bill protects our  canyon, the health of northern Arizonans, the water supply of the  southwest, and the growth of our State's economy by banning uranium  mining in and near the Grand Canyon.   Additionally, I want to note that this withdrawal of uranium mining  does not jeopardize our energy market or our national security by  forcing us to seek foreign sources. We are actually seeking foreign  sources now because our cost is not competitive with world prices.   According to Federal data, both New Mexico and Wyoming have three  times the amount of uranium reserves as Arizona, Colorado, and Utah  have combined. Our uranium imports are lower than they have been in 15  years, and Canada, our ally, is our largest supplier along with  Australia, another ally.   I am proud to stand today in support of the Grand Canyon Centennial  Protection Act, because the Grand Canyon is too precious to lose. I  implore my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation.   The Arizona land trust is for the schools. This land may not be used  for uranium mining, but it could be used for anything else to be able  to address the issues of funding schools in Arizona. And, again, the  mine that the chairman mentioned has a reason to be closed.   