 Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to start by  congratulating Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger on working  together. I want to congratulate the members of the Appropriations  Committee.   I know there wasn't always agreement. I am hopeful, as we go forward,  we can reach agreement on the individual bills or the minibuses or  omnibus that we will ultimately pass to fund government in a timely  fashion.   Mr. Speaker, I know that Mrs. Lowey and Ms. Granger worked together  towards that objective. I want to congratulate all the members.   Mr. Speaker, I am also proud of the fact that we funded 96 percent of  the government through this House prior to June 30 of this year. That  has not been done in over a decade, and it was the hard work of the  chair and the ranking member and the members of the committee. Even  though there was not agreement on the substance at the end, without  that cooperation, that could not have happened, so I thank the  committee and its leadership.    As majority leader and as a member of the Appropriations Committee,  albeit on leave, I am focused, and we are focused as a majority, on  doing our job and providing certainty for the military, for Federal  agencies, for workers, for businesses, and for the American people that  the Congress can, in fact, do its work in a responsible way.   I regret that the Senate has not done its work. They have not passed  a single appropriations bill, not one. By the time we came back in  September, they had not passed a single bill out of committee.   So this CR is necessary, as the Senate failed to introduce even a  single appropriations bill before August for the first time in more  than three decades, let alone mark up or bring it to the floor, as I  said.   That is why we need to make sure the government doesn't shut down. We  don't have to have drama. We don't have to have panic. We don't have to  have people saying: ``Why can't the Congress do its work?''   We are bringing this bill to the floor, and we are going to pass it  today with, I hope, a large bipartisan vote and send it to the Senate.  It is my understanding that they intend to pass this so that we will  not have the angst, the lack of confidence in this institution, and the  instability because coming right up to the precipice of closure is  avoided.   To that end, we have on the floor, as I said, a continuing resolution  to prevent a shutdown. This CR, this continuing resolution, authorizes  the operations of government through November 21. There was some  discussion about going into the middle of December.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my colleagues and I want to say to my  committee, there is no reason on God's green Earth we cannot complete  our business on the appropriation process by November 21, not a single  reason, except procrastination and an unwillingness to compromise.   Americans have sent people with different views to this Congress, but  notwithstanding those differences in views, they expect us to be able  to work.   One of the great pleasures that I have had in this Congress is  serving on the Appropriations Committee, particularly when I went  there. It, frankly, has become more partisan than it was when I first  went on in January of 1983. I came to Congress in 1981. Sil Conte was  the ranking member from Massachusetts on the Appropriations  subcommittee on which I served and of the committee, and we were able  to work together, resolve our differences. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of  the fact that Mrs. Lowey and Ms. Granger have that same psychology.   This bill will extend the authorizations that would otherwise expire  at the end of this month, including the Export-Import Bank, the  National Flood Insurance Program, the Higher Education Act, and a  number of important health programs.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Pallone, chairman of the committee, for  working to make sure that we could do that in a timely fashion as well.   Mr. Speaker, I hope we can pass this on a bipartisan basis, as I  said, and move forward in good faith to do the job the American people  sent us here to do: assure the operations of their government in an  efficient and effective way on their behalf, a government that expands  justice, opportunity, economic security, and strengthens our national  defense.   We came to a bipartisan budget agreement on lifting spending caps in  July, and that was a good first step. Next, we must come to a  bipartisan agreement on how to divvy up the allotment to each of the 12  appropriations bills, what we euphemistically refer to as 302(b)  allocations. We need to make progress and compromise on that issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my friends in the Senate to not squander the  extra time this CR provides, approximately 7 working weeks, and come to  agreement among themselves first and then with us.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lowey, her subcommittee chairs, Ms.  Granger and her ranking members for their hard work moving the House  bills so expeditiously and producing a CR that will avert a shutdown at  the end of September. We can get the job done.   Again, let me reiterate in closing, we can complete this job prior to  November 21, and that is exactly what we ought to do.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I want  to thank Mr. McHenry for his leadership as ranking member of the  committee, and for his bringing this to the floor.   I want to thank my very good friend, not my Republican friend, my  very good friend, Fred Upton, for his work and his leadership on this  piece of legislation, and my dear friend, Annie Kuster, for her  leadership.   This is personal for me. I am so happy to rise in support of this  legislation.   I went to Georgetown Law School, and I set up practice just about 5  or 7 miles from here in the late sixties. And in the seventies, late  seventies, I had a law clerk; he also went to Georgetown Law School. He  was a young, bright, extraordinarily able individual. His name was  Steve.   Steve is now a Federal District Court Judge in New Hampshire. He had  an extraordinary wife, and her name was Christa. Steve and Christa  became very dear friends of Judy's and mine.   In those days, I had enough time to sail, and I had a sailboat. Steve  and Christa, from time to time, would go sailing with Judy and me and  perhaps some of my children. I remember Christa with the wind in her  hair, beautiful outside but, more importantly, beautiful inside, full  of life, full of excitement, full of vision for what she, as a teacher,  could do for her children.   Some of you may recall that Christa's motto as the Teacher in Space  was: ``I touch the future. I teach.'' And she was looking forward with  such excitement, not only to leave the bounds of Earth, but to return  to Earth and engage with her students; to share her experience; to  share the excitement and adventure of going into a new frontier that we  call space.   It is so appropriate that we pass this coin bill in her name. Christa  was my friend. She was the best of us, as were her fellow astronauts on  that fated day at the beginning of 1986, that, for a few seconds,  burned so brightly with so much hope, and whose lives were snuffed out  in an instant as the Challenger blew up.   Christa, during the course of the competition to be the teacher in  space, would visit my office that was in the Longworth Building, in the  back of the building on the fifth floor.   Mr. Speaker, every time she would come to Washington, she would come  to my office, and we would visit as she was participating in the  competition, and I saw her excitement and her anticipation. Obviously,  NASA saw it as well because, out of those 10,000, they chose her to be  the representative of the most important profession in our country, the  teaching profession, without whom our society cannot succeed.   It is so appropriate that this coin bill, as the chairwoman has said,  will benefit a program called FIRST, that Dean Kamen, one of the great  engineers and inventors in our country and, indeed, the world,  established; and now we have literally thousands and thousands and  thousands of young people all over this world participating in STEM  activities and, particularly, robotics, who will be enabled to pursue  this program more fully.   Surely, no one is going to vote against this bill, but we can all be  very proud of the fact that we not only memorialize an extraordinary  fellow citizen, fellow human being, who, as Kennedy said, brought her  energy and her faith and her devotion to making her country, her  community, and our children better.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for bringing this bill to the  floor. I thank Mr. McHenry for his support. I thank Mr. Upton, and I  thank Ms. Kuster.   This is a thing that is good to do. America is better for Christa  McAuliffe's life.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my strong support for this bill.   Christa McAuliffe was more than just a teacher and an American hero  who lost her life in the pursuit of science and our understanding of  the universe.   Christa was a friend.   Her husband, Steven, now senior judge of the U.S. District Court for  the District of New Hampshire, worked as my law clerk for two years.   I got to know Christa then, and before the couple moved to New  England, Christa taught in Prince George's County schools in my  district.   As a graduate of Bowie State University and then as a teacher for  eight years in Prince George's County, she inspired so many young  people in Maryland to dream big and aim for the stars.   Kind, intelligent, and compassionate--Christa was a perfect choice  for the ``Teacher in Space'' program, to which she was selected out of  more than 11,000 applicants.   Christa was the ideal candidate.   She could connect with anyone; her personality was magnetic.   She had a way of inspiring every student to give his or her best, and  she radiated a joy and love of teaching every time she entered a  classroom or stood up to speak.   With trademark poise and determination, Christa approached the  challenge of space travel like she did all others: with boundless  passion.   I remember when she spoke to over 12,000 people from Prince George's  County School System after her selection for the ``Teacher in Space''  program.   Everyone in the audience--from the youngest students to the oldest  teachers, parents and guests--we all felt like we were about to go on  the journey alongside her.   Christa spoke about her goals for the spaceflight, how she wanted to  get students and teachers around the country excited about science and  space.   She spoke of how the `new frontier' of space belongs to all of us as  the children of earth.   And she told us that she would be returning to teaching after her  journey to space, because that was what she loved, and nothing could  stop her from doing what she loved.   Of course, tragically, we know that she never had that chance.   Today, we have an opportunity to help make sure that Christa can  continue to inspire and instill lessons about science and space.   Even more than three decades after she and the six astronauts  perished in the Challenger disaster, we can carry on her legacy by  promoting S.T.E.M. learning with this new commemorative coin program  named in her memory.   The proceeds will benefit the F.I.R.S.T. Robotics Program, which  engages and inspires future generations to become leaders in S.T.E.M.  fields.   I hope my colleagues will join me in celebrating Christa's life and  building on her legacy by supporting this legislation with strong,  bipartisan approval.   