 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  bill, H.R. 3318, the Emerging Transportation Security Threats Act of  2019. This legislation will ensure that Homeland Security is forward- looking in regard to threats facing America's transportation systems.   My district, Pennsylvania's 13th, is home to the Flight 93 National  Memorial in Somerset County, which serves as a stark reminder of the  heroism of ordinary Americans and why, as a Congress, we must act to  protect our Nation against threats to the homeland.   Oftentimes, the Transportation Security Administration faces  criticism from Congress, stakeholders, and the traveling public that  the agency is too reactionary to evolving threats and not  proactive enough in mitigating emerging threats to transportation.    H.R. 3318 seeks to improve collaboration among the TSA, the  intelligence community, other Federal agencies, and transportation  security stakeholders by creating a task force to conduct an analysis  of emerging threats to transportation security. Once established, this  task force will examine threats posed by evolving terrorist tactics,  explosive devices, chemical and biological agents, cyber actors,  unmanned aerial systems, and inadequate information sharing, among  other security challenges.   For each threat examined by the task force established in this  legislation, the TSA is directed to develop a mitigation strategy to  protect the traveling public and identify needed security enhancements.  This bill ensures that each of these efforts will include close  collaboration with transportation stakeholders on the development of  security strategies, improved information sharing practices, and  regular interactions with senior TSA leadership on security matters.   Finally, this legislation requires the Government Accountability  Office to conduct a review ensuring that the TSA effectively implements  the bill's requirements.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana, Clay Higgins, for  his support of this bill and for working to bring it to the floor  today. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.   