 Mr. President, following the September 11, 2001,  attacks on the United States, the National Institutes of Health, which  is the Nation's medical research Agency in Bethesda, MD, needed to  secure its campus. The NIH's grounds were always open to the public  before that. Anybody could walk or drive through the 300-acre campus  and could do it freely, but in its facing heightened threats, officials  planned to restrict public access and to build a wall. It was completed  in 2005. The wall, with the black metal perimeter fence with guarded  checkpoints, became the centerpiece of NIH's new perimeter security  system. Signs were posted that said ``No Trespassing.''    On its website, NIH states that the purpose of this border barrier is  ``to ensure the safety of our patients, employees, guests and  facilities.''   NIH wasn't alone in building a barrier after the attacks in 2001.  Across the street, the National Naval Medical Center, now known as  Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, also walled off its 243- acre campus. These walls have worked. Both NIH and Walter Reed remain  safe and secure.   Now we need to deal with a security crisis at our southern border.  President Trump has requested $5.7 billion--it is about one one- thousandth of the Federal spending. The President wants to build more  physical barriers--a proven border security solution. Thirty percent of  the border already has a secure barrier.   Congressional leaders from both parties have supported a border wall  in the past. In 2006, Senate Democrats, including then-Senator Barack  Obama, Senator Hillary Clinton, Senator Joe Biden, and Senator Chuck  Schumer voted to construct a physical barrier on our southern border.  But Democrat leaders now refuse to back the President's border security  effort, prolonging the partial government shutdown that is going on  today.   Meanwhile, the Democrats and media fact-checkers are out in force to  attack President Trump. They insist there is no border crisis. The  facts are that this January 10 Investor's Business Daily editorial  says: ``Yes, There Is A Crisis At The Border--The Numbers Show It.''   First, in terms of how the numbers show it is that illegal crossings  are climbing, last year, Border Patrol stopped more than one-half  million people trying to enter the country illegally--more than 100,000  in October and November alone this past year. That is a huge increase  from the same 2 months in 2017.   Second, apprehensions don't account for all illegal crossers. The  Homeland Security Department estimates that about 20 percent of our  crossers enter, which means about 104,000 illegal immigrants entered in  2018 alone.   Third, the U.S. illegal immigrant population right now is massive.  Currently, over 12 million illegal immigrants reside here, comparable  to the entire population of countries like Chile, the Netherlands, and  Syria.   Fourth, illegal crime levels are higher than expected. The Center for  Immigration Studies has found that noncitizens accounted for more than  20 percent of Federal convictions, although they represent only 8.4  percent of the population.   Fifth, Presidents Reagan through Obama have acknowledged the crisis.  In 2005, then-Senator Barack Obama said: ``We simply cannot allow  people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented,  unchecked.'' In 2014, President Obama described the border situation as  a crisis, but he failed to fix it.   Even President Obama's last Border Patrol Chief, Mark Morgan,  supports President Trump. He was actually on television just today.  Trump didn't keep him in the job, but Morgan says that building the  wall is key to solving the security crisis, and the President should,  as he says, ``stay the course.''   Still, Democrats refuse to negotiate with this President, so we can't  reopen those Federal Agencies that have been closed for more than 3  weeks.   Here is the Homeland Security Department's latest assessment of the  southern border situation. They say that each month, 60,000 illegal  immigrants reach the border. Drug smuggling spiked in 2018, with a 38- percent increase in methamphetamine, a 22-percent increase in heroin,  and a 73-percent increase in fentanyl. We also saw a huge surge in  arrests of dangerous criminals, including 17,000 adults with criminal  records and 6,000 MS-13 and other gang members.   In 2018, 60,000 unaccompanied children and 161,000 families reached  the border--a dramatic increase from 2017. Many were victimized on  their journey.   Border Patrol areas that have enhanced or expanded physical barriers  have actually seen a dramatic decrease in illegal traffic. That is why  the President has requested additional funds to construct more  barriers.   The facts are the facts. We have a national security and humanitarian  crisis at the southern border. The problem is the rise in illegal  entries. We need to solve it. Walls work.   The question is this: Do U.S. citizens living in at-risk border  communities deserve the same protection as NIH patients and the staff  in Bethesda, MD?   All Americans want a healthy immigration system that enforces the law  and keeps families together. Democrats shouldn't be playing politics  with border security. It is time to work together to secure the border,  reopen the government, and protect the American people.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   