 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, there are many reasons to care about  our Federal judiciary. It touches all of us in our everyday lives even  though we often fail to appreciate its enormous impact. No court of  appeals in the United States is more important than the DC Circuit, and  so few of the nominees whom we will consider in this body will be more  important than Neomi Rao to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC  Circuit.   It has a unique jurisdiction that makes it the court to most  frequently hear challenges to the Federal Government's public  protections. It considers issues of national consequence, ranging from  workers' rights, nondiscrimination policies, consumer protections,  immigration policies, money in politics, reproductive rights, access to  healthcare, environmental justice, antitrust cases, and regulatory  action, like the possible grounding of an unsafe airplane by the FAA.   I have called on the FAA to ground the 737 MAX 8 and MAX 9. I have  asked the airlines to do it voluntarily. If the FAA does the right  thing, as it should, and orders these planes grounded, its decision may  be challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, and the  safety of our skies and our airline passengers will hang in the  balance. This is just one example of how the DC Circuit can matter not  only to the lives of people within a particular geographic area but to,  literally, the entire United States.   When I ask nominees questions that are designed to elicit their  views, their opinions, their past positions, and their present  policies, I expect direct, candid answers, but I received just the  opposite from Neomi Rao on some of the critical, bedrock issues that  are important to all of us in this Chamber when judging a nominee.   I asked Neomi Rao whether she thought Brown v. Board of Education--a  pillar of our jurisprudence--was correctly decided. She declined to  answer. She said she felt it was inappropriate for a nominee to the  court to be giving views on specific cases. I asked her for her views  and her position on that case. She declined to give them. She also  declined to give them on Roe v. Wade and on Griswold v. Connecticut.   One of my Republican colleagues on the Judiciary Committee also has  reservations about Neomi Rao's opinions in some of these cases. He  fears that Ms. Rao actually supports a woman's right to choose and  supports the legal doctrine of substantive due process. Unlike me, he  met Ms. Rao in private, and he got straightforward answers about her  views on those cases and on the underlying legal theories. She passed  his test, the President's litmus test, and the test of those outside  groups--extreme rightwing, conservative groups--that have been given  authority as a result of the President's outsourcing of these decisions  to, in effect, decide on the nominees to our highest Court.   She passed the test established by the President--that he would  appoint judges who would overturn Roe v. Wade.   But as abhorrent and objectionable as I find many of her views and  her failure to give straightforward answers, she has also written a  number of very troubling articles and op-eds about her views on women's  rights and women's healthcare. We have in this Chamber a term called  ``confirmation conversion,'' and I thought Ms. Rao would completely  disavow and abandon those pieces.   In an op-ed about date rape, she wrote: ``If [a woman] drinks to the  point where she can no longer choose, well, getting to that point was  part of her choice.'' In another op-ed criticizing aspects of feminism,  Rao wrote that women ``must be thoroughly educated about the  consequences of their sexuality in order to prevent such problems'' as  date rape. From early in her career, these writings indicate that she  believes women bear a major part of responsibility for date rape.   These writings are from early in her career, and I thought she would  completely break with them and reject them, but she failed to do so.  Only after the hearing did she disavow them, without directly  apologizing, and that kind of confirmation conversion is inherently  unbelievable.   Undermining her credibility even more are the actions she took later  in her career--after those writings and before she was nominated.   She serves as the head of the Office of Information and Regulatory  Affairs, also known as OIRA. Her job is to review all regulatory  actions--all of them--proposed by the administration. In that capacity,  Ms. Rao approved rescinding guidance provided to schools on how to  address and prevent campus sexual assault. Under the new rules, sexual  assault survivors would be required to undergo live cross-examination  by their attacker's representative. In the course of an administrative  proceeding, there would be cross-examination by the attacker's lawyer  or other representative. Schools would be required to use a higher  standard of proof for claims of sexual misconduct.   Under this administration's own analysis, these rules would have a  profound, chilling effect on the number of campus sexual assault  investigations that are conducted. That is the reason they are  proposing the new rules--to discourage survivors from coming forward to  seek justice.   It is not only Rao's early writings that stigmatize and blame women  survivors of sexual assault; the recent policies she approved and  authorized institutionalize these really regrettable and unacceptable  views. Her deeply troubling positions on sexual assault and her victim- blaming rhetoric--which she tried to excuse initially as the reckless  musings of a college student rather than breaking with them and  rejecting them--place the  [[Page S1780]]  rights of women and others at risk. We should deny her confirmation.   Equally important, she has also used that position at OIRA to  restrict reproductive rights.   Let's be clear. One of the important features of the Affordable Care  Act is a requirement that health insurers cover contraceptives as an  essential health benefit--no charge to consumers because it is an  essential health benefit.   Last year, the Trump administration issued rules that would allow any  and all private companies to deny contraception coverage if the CEO had  a moral or religious objection. Two Federal courts found that the rules  were illegal because they violate the due process clause--the legal  process required by law to implement the new rules--and that objection  was found to be an inadequate justification for, in effect, violating  the rights of women who would seek that kind of care at no charge. As  the head of OIRA, Neomi Rao not only approved of the substance of the  new rules but was so committed to implementing them that she signed off  on an illegal process to do so.   That is not all Neomi Rao has done to, in effect, discourage and  deter reproductive health. The Department of Health and Human Services  recently finalized a new title X regulation. Under this rule, ``Any  organization that provides or refers patients for abortions is  ineligible for title X funding to cover STD prevention, cancer  screenings, and contraception.'' As with any rule, OIRA had to conduct  a cost-benefit analysis in order to approve that rule, and I am deeply  troubled by Rao's views and actions on reproductive rights that led her  to approve that rule and encouraged and condoned the rule and its  disastrous effects on women's rights and healthcare.   We are living in an era fraught with abuses of power, under a  President who has shown nothing but disdain for the rule of law. In  this dark and dangerous era, it is all the more important that we have  someone willing to set limits on executive power to prevent an imperial  Presidency.   In fact, Ms. Rao is a proponent of a fringe theory on executive power  known as the unitary executive theory. She believes that the President,  as the head of the executive branch, holds absolute control over  executive power.   As recently as 2014, she outlined the implications of this theory in  the Alabama Law Review. According to her, the President must be able to  remove at his sole discretion all principal officers, including the  heads of independent Agencies.   She has criticized the Supreme Court's decision in Morrison v. Olson,  which upheld the independent counsel statute in effect at that time. In  her view, the President must be able to fire at will anyone in the  executive branch. In her view, that includes special prosecutors tasked  with investigating wrongdoing by the President.   In 2016, she was interviewed on Hugh Hewitt's radio show. She was  asked whether she believes the current special counsel regulations have  similarly restrictive effect on executive power and whether the  President can direct the actions of the Attorney General or Acting  Attorney General. Her view? The Constitution vests all executive power  in the President. He can direct his subordinates. He can fire the  special counsel.   I hoped that during her confirmation proceedings, she would disavow  those views. I asked her whether she thought the President could fire  Robert Mueller, the current special counsel. She refused to answer my  question.   That extreme view of Presidential power is deeply alarming when it is  held by a member of one of the most important courts in the country,  which may review decisions of that special counsel to subpoena the  President or potentially indict the President or take other actions in  the course of an investigation.   I am more than alarmed; I am strongly opposed to this nomination. I  hope my colleagues will join me in voting no on final confirmation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   