 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment requires that healthcare  workers and social service workers are provided with information on  available mental health resources, trauma, and related counseling.   It is appalling that those who dedicate their lives to caring for  people in need suffer workplace violence at disproportionately high  rates across the Nation. In 2018, healthcare and social service workers  were four times as likely to suffer a serious workplace violence injury  than workers overall.   Between 2013 and 2016, one in four registered nurses and nursing  students reported being physically assaulted at work by a patient or a  patient's family member. And in 2017, State government healthcare and  social service workers were almost 10 times more likely to be injured  by an assault than private-sector healthcare workers.   Some, tragically, do not survive these incidents. Yesterday, I spoke  about a former constituent, Donna Kay Gross of Concord, California, who  was a psychiatric technician at Napa State Hospital in California.   She was brutally murdered by a patient outside the unit where she  worked. She chose to go into this field and work as a technician  because of a history of mental health in her family, and her mother was  at Napa State Hospital.   Her story, unfortunately, is not completely unique. A few years ago  here in Washington, Mindy Blandon, a registered nurse, was working in  the surgical oncology unit when a patient she was treating became  agitated. As Mindy and another nurse approached the bedside, the  patient became combative.   At the end of an extended scuffle, the patient strangled Mindy with  her own stethoscope. Luckily, Mindy survived with the support of her  other staff, but the trauma she went through will forever affect her.   Workplace violence has serious physical and emotional consequences  for workers and employers alike. While H.R. 1309 includes provisions  for workers' medical care as part of the underlying bill, we must also  address the psychological effects of workplace violence. Survivors of  workplace violence are at an increased risk of long-term emotional  problems and post-traumatic stress disorders which can be debilitating,  lead to lost days of work, deteriorate productivity and morale, and  sometimes even end workers' careers.   The high turnover that results weakens our Nation's healthcare  workforce that is already stretched thin and discourages good people  from entering these professions.   I am proud that California has led the way in preventing and  responding to workplace violence against healthcare workers, including  requiring the mental health service information that this amendment  provides.   There is a clear need for these services. According to the Bureau of  Labor Statistics, 18,400 workers in the private industry experienced  trauma from nonfatal workplace violence in 2017. Of those victims who  experience trauma from workplace violence, 71 percent worked in the  healthcare and social assistance industry.   This amendment would bring the Workplace Violence Prevention for  Health Care and Social Service Workers Act in line with the California  law by ensuring that healthcare and social service workers are provided  with critical information on trauma and related counseling for  employees after a violent incident.   Madam Chair, I urge support for the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Hastings), my distinguished friend.    Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   