 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for my intern,  Allie Kirchoff, to have privileges of the floor for the remainder of  the day.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to recognize  Kaitlin Gaffney, a longtime member of my Senate team who, after nearly  11 years, is leaving to start a new chapter in her life.   Kaitlin has been a key part of Team Merkley since our earliest days.  In fact, she was part of the original team that built our office and  our constituent services operation from scratch. I don't know how many  folks here have been part of opening a Senate office, but it is not  easy. It is daunting. You walk into a completely empty office. There  are no computers, no phones, not even the basics in terms of pens and  paper, and you know you have responsibilities, and you need to start  fulfilling them.   In the early days, we didn't have a computer system to track our  constituents' thoughts or opinions, so Kaitlin and the team wrote  everything down on paper before moving to spreadsheets. There was no  training on how to serve constituents, but from day one, that is  exactly what we were determined to do and she was determined to do.   So you have to hit the ground running, learning as you go, and  Kaitlin did hit the ground running like an Olympic Gold Medalist. She  built our constituent services operation from the ground up, and I am  proud to say that today, 11 years later, it is an operation that is  second to none and one that Oregonians across our State know they can  rely on for help.   It is Oregonians who know that if they are in a bind, the team they  can call on is my constituent services team, and often that is Kaitlin,  specifically. In the beginning days, we were in the middle of the  mortgage crisis, and that crisis was forcing Oregon families out of  their homes--to where they couldn't afford the balloon payments or the  doubling of the interest rate at the expiration of the teaser rate.  They couldn't pay the high rate on the triple option loan. They were  desperate, and they called Kaitlin. Kaitlin was the point person on our  team fighting to keep roofs over their heads. She is the one who day  after day had to consult with them in that very stressful situation  where often a mortgage company was simultaneously telling a family they  will be evicted for nonpayment and simultaneously saying we have this  program in which you can sign up and don't worry. She is the one who  brought together advocacy organizations, housing authorities, and local  elected leaders to help assist a massive caseload of struggling  Oregonians. Her direct involvement meant that a very large number of  them were able to solve the challenge and stay in their homes.   Even today, as I go around the State, I hold a townhall in every  county every year, and people will come up to me at those county  gatherings and say: By the way, I just wanted to tell you that a decade  ago a person on your team, Kaitlin, helped me out and I still have my  home today and it is en route to being paid off. That meant so much to  families.   There were all kinds of different challenges that came up over the  years that she was able to assist with. There was a time when she  helped rescue an Oregon constituent who was stranded on an island in  the Pacific. One day, she got a call from a woman who was worried about  her son who was on a trip to Thailand and had gone missing. His friend  said he had told them he was going to swim across the ocean to a  specific island, and they hadn't heard from him. There were strong  currents between the mainland and that island, and the efforts to find  him on that island had turned up nothing. There wasn't really any  organized effort to look for him. So Kaitlin did what she does so well.  She picked up the phone, and she started making calls. Eventually, she  was able to convince an office in Thailand to send out a search and  rescue helicopter to go looking for this lost Oregonian. Because she  did, he was eventually found, and he was rescued. Thus, the currents of  the world changed with him still with us when it might have turned out  quite disastrously.   That is the type of team member she is--always determined to go to  any length necessary. That includes a situation when the life of a sick  baby was in danger because this baby was being barred from the United  States to receive a lifesaving medical procedure. Baby Fatemah was  being barred because of a policy that had been adopted to block Muslims  from coming into the United States.   It was early 2017, and this baby needed an immediate procedure to  save her life. It was considered by the experts that there was a very  small chance of her surviving with this procedure in Iran. The Oregon  Health Science University in Oregon said they really understood this  procedure, had very high odds of it going well, and that was her best  shot.   So we had to work to lobby the administration, and, boy, I tell you,  Kaitlin was right at the heart of that, working to coordinate all the  phone calls. In the end, Baby Fatemah was granted a waiver, she did  come to Oregon, and her life was saved.   In case after case, Kaitlin succeeded because she cared about the  individuals involved, and she worked every avenue to assist them. She  certainly embodied the spirit of my complete constituent services team.   I can't thank her enough for her dedication, the intensity of her  efforts, and her incredible contributions to solving challenges for  Oregonians. She leaves extremely large shoes to fill, and we will  dearly miss her. After almost 11 years, she is on to another chapter,  and I know she is just going to be as much of a phenomenal success in  that chapter as she has been on my team, and we wish her well.   I yield the floor.   