 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3253, the Empowering  Beneficiaries, Ensuring Access, and Strengthening Accountability Act of  2019.   This legislation will extend the Money Follows the Person program  through 2024. This important program provides resources to State  Medicaid programs to help individuals with chronic conditions and  disabilities transition from institutions back into local communities  if they choose to do so.   Money Follows the Person offers a choice for individuals who often  have very limited options. This program allows the person to choose  where they would like to receive their care.   This legislation will also extend the Spousal Impoverishment program  through 2024.   H.R. 3253 will also extend the Excellence in Mental Health  demonstration for 2 years. The Excellence Act is designed to increase  Americans' access to community health in substance use treatment  services.   In addition, this bill will clarify the authority of State Medicaid  fraud and abuse control units. This clarification will give these  important units the authority to investigate and prosecute abuse and  neglect of Medicaid beneficiaries in noninstitutional settings, as well  as broaden the permissible use of Federal Medicaid fraud and abuse  control units to screen complaints or reports alleging potential abuse  or neglect of Medicaid beneficiaries.    I have enjoyed working with my colleague from Michigan, my friend,  Mrs. Dingell, and the hard work that she has put into this program,  both this Congress and the previous Congress, to move this forward.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. Walden), the Republican leader of the Energy and Commerce  Committee and my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Chairman Pallone, Republican leader  Walden, and the Energy and Commerce Committee staff for their hard work  to help this bipartisan package come together.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank my colleague, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell,  for working with me on extending Medicaid Follows the Person. I also  thank my colleagues, Representative Matsui, Representative Eshoo,  Representative Welch, and Representative Walberg, for their hard work  on this package.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   