 Madam Speaker, today is a sad day for this body, for the  voters who sent me here last November, and for our Nation.   Benjamin Franklin cautioned, when asked what he had given us: ``A  republic, if you can keep it.''   Today, we take a step further toward losing the Republic that our  Founding Fathers envisioned by engaging in activity that they  specifically warned against: the misuse of the constitutional power of  impeachment for one party's political gain.   Our Constitution is the very foundation of our Republic. Its  assurance of self-determination has been the shining beacon by which  our Nation has chartered its course over the last two centuries.   From a new democratic experiment struggling to survive to the  greatest Nation on Earth, America has been powered, over the years, not  by government, but by the ingenuity, the bravery, and the faith of its  people, confident in their place as one nation under God, indivisible,  with liberty and justice for all.   So it is we the people who determine our President, not we the  Judiciary Committee nor we the Congress. The Constitution is clear. It  is only when we see clear proof of the impeachable offenses outlined in  Article II, Section 4, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and  misdemeanors, that we are to challenge the decision of the voters,  break the figurative glass, and pull the emergency rip cord that is  impeachment.   We do not have that proof today. Thomas Jefferson said: ``I know no  safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people  themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise  their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it  from them, but to inform their discretion by education.''   But rather than educate, this majority has chosen today to obfuscate  with hearsay, innuendo, and speculation. And when history looks back on  this shameful period for this House, it will judge it for what it truly  is: the ugly hijacking, by the majority, of our Constitution and the  powers it so solemnly entrusts to us to engage in a blatantly political  process designed to finally achieve what they could not achieve at the  ballot box: the removal of a duly elected President.   Compelled by my sworn duty to uphold this Constitution and for the  people, I vote ``no'' on impeachment today.   