 Mr. Speaker, I begin by thanking Chairman Takano and  Ranking Member Roe for their support getting this bill through  committee, and my Republican colleague, Brian Fitzpatrick, for  cosponsoring it with me.   I rise tonight in support of H.R. 2385.   Mr. Speaker, we are here on the 75th anniversary of D-Day, and it  always struck me, an American general who said, if anyone ever needed  proof that the United States of America fought for a cause and not for  conquest, it is that when we invaded another continent halfway around  the world, the only soil we ever asked to maintain was enough to bury  our own dead.   It has been true, throughout generations, that veterans ask very  little recognition or very little thanks for their service. I have it  on good authority that, when they built the monument to World War II  here in Washington, D.C., throughout that whole year, there were a  number of veterans who approached the construction site after hours or  early in the morning, and they handed their dog tags to the people who  were working there and just asked them to throw them down in the pit  underneath those big stone pillars that they were putting in the  monument.   Anyone who has ever served understands that feeling, that total  commitment to the cause and lack of desire for recognition. But we do  programs like the Veterans Legacy Project because we need to  communicate that same spirit of sacrifice to the next generation, and  that is what this project can do.   The graves in these national cemeteries and the memorials that we  find there cause young people, especially, to slow down in a world that  is speeding up, and they express a confidence in the thing it is that  they memorialize. They tell young people that there are things that are  permanent in this world, as hard as that is to believe, and that there  is nothing more permanent than the sacrifices that these men and women  have made.   They also tell them that there is one thing that is not permanent,  which is the freedom that we all live under every single day, and that  it has to be refreshed and renewed with the sacrifices of people in  each generation.   So by expanding this program, making it more accessible to more high  schools and more colleges and more community groups, we can spread that  spirit of sacrifice, of permanence, of total commitment to the cause of  freedom throughout the next generation, and I can't think of any time  when that has been more needed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for supporting this bill.   