 Mr. President, I thank Senator Wyden for his  extraordinary leadership on the Senate Finance Committee as our ranking  Democratic member, who recognizes the importance of healthcare. To  Senator Casey, who has been our companion in regard to Medicaid, in  regard to children, and in regard to the basic importance of healthcare  as a matter of right, to Senator Stabenow, who has really led our  efforts on behavioral health, incredible efforts that have been made to  provide community services, particularly to those who are most  vulnerable, we recognize the importance of moving forward and advancing  healthcare for all Americans. That is why we are taking this time to  express our real concern about President Trump's proposal, his budget  proposals, which would cut Medicaid by $1.5 trillion, the effort to  repeal the Medicaid expansion that we saw under the Affordable Care  Act, the thought of turning Medicaid at the Federal level into a block  grant, capping our participation and putting the burdens on our States.   It is a direct attack on vulnerable Americans, jeopardizing their  access to healthcare. There are 70 million Americans that depend on  Medicaid. There are 1.2 million Americans who are veterans and who are  women, children, and seniors.   In Maryland, almost half of our Medicaid population are children. For  seniors, one out of every five Medicare-eligible beneficiaries also  needs Medicaid. They are dual eligible. And 60 percent of the adult  Medicaid enrollees are workers, and 70 percent are from communities of  color.   Medicaid expansion has made a big difference in access to healthcare.  It has reduced health inequalities. The uninsured rate in the State of  Maryland has dropped from 10.2 percent to 6.6 percent. That is  important not just for the individuals who now have health coverage. It  stops the cost shifting and the distortions in our healthcare system  with people who do not have health insurance.   If we were to eliminate Medicaid expansion, 289,000 Marylanders would  lose their coverage--the essential health coverage that it provides for  our children in the early periodic screening and diagnostic treatment  so that we can help children live healthier lives through correction of  healthcare problems and prevention of more serious healthcare issues.   As Senator Wyden pointed out, in long-term care, three out of five of  our  [[Page S3353]]  residents in nursing-type, long-term care facilities are Medicaid  payments. It would be devastating with that type of cut on their long- term care needs.   We made major advancements in Medicaid on covering behavioral health  and addiction. One out of every three individuals who are part of  Medicaid expansion have a behavioral health issue. The opioid crisis is  well known to all of us. We know that part of the solution is getting  people help and treatment through Medicaid expansion and the Medicaid  Program providing that safety net to millions of Americans.   The expansion of dental services is something I have been engaged in  ever since the tragedy in 2007 in my State, when a youngster died from  lack of access to dental care, Deamonte Driver. Medicaid is a lifeline  for dental services.   So in the United States of America, the wealthiest Nation in the  world, healthcare should be a right, not a privilege. We made progress  in the Affordable Care Act. Let us build on that success but not move  in the wrong direction. Rather than cutting Medicaid, we should be  looking at ways to work together to improve coverage and affordability.  Rather than eliminating the Medicaid expansion, we should be looking at  additional ways to cover those who have no health coverage or  inadequate health coverage. Rather than limiting the Federal program as  part of Medicaid for our States, we should be looking at ways to  strengthen the Federal-State partnership so that we work together so  that every American has access to affordable, quality care.   I urge my colleagues that that should be our goal. Let's work  together. Again, I thank Senator Casey for bringing us here today under  this issue.   I yield the floor.   