 Mr. President, cyber attacks are one of the greatest  threats to our national security today. As our world becomes  increasingly connected, bad actors are trying to infiltrate our most  critical networks, from our military systems and our electrical grid to  our financial institutions and our small businesses.   We face a rising number of cyber attacks that have the potential to  expose our sensitive, personal information or disrupt nearly every  aspect of our lives. These cyber security vulnerabilities cut across  every industry. Whether you are a small business trying to protect your  customers' credit card details, a doctor's office with private medical  insurance information, or even a sophisticated tech startup that needs  to safeguard your customers' passwords, cyber security protections are  absolutely vital to your success.   We have seen the dangerous consequences of attacks that exposed the  private data of millions of Americans--from companies like Equifax and  Target to Federal Agencies like the Office of Personnel Management and  the IRS. Government Agencies of all sizes are at risk of a breach that  could jeopardize the sensitive information they are trusted with, and  these threats will only continue to grow.   We need a skilled cyber workforce of professionals to shore up our  cyber protections, fortify our legacy systems, and build new and  innovative infrastructure with safety and security in mind. Despite the  glaring need for more cyber security professionals, we face a serious  shortage of highly trained cyber experts to fill these positions.  Estimates indicate there is a global shortage of approximately 3  million desperately needed cyber security professionals, including  nearly half a million in North America, where government and the  private sector are competing to hire the best talent.   The Federal Government faces serious challenges in this competition.  Agencies often cannot offer the same top salaries and benefits that  Silicon Valley uses to entice and to retain employees. Our cyber  workforce is on the frontlines of every aspect of our digital security,  and we need policies that address that reality and sustain and grow our  ranks.   While thousands of dedicated public servants choose to work in  government because they are motivated by the mission of serving our  country, there is more we can do to grow the pool of cyber workers and  recruit them to government service. Congress has made strides in recent  years to improve incentives and attract skilled cyber professionals to  join the ranks.   Moving forward, we can make cyber positions in government more  attractive by providing cyber professionals with unique opportunities  to enhance their careers while they help protect our country's  security. That is why I introduced the Federal Rotational Cyber  Workforce Program Act with Senator Hoeven. Our bipartisan legislation  helps the Federal Government develop an integrated cyber security  workforce that retains high-skilled employees by establishing a  civilian personnel rotation program specifically for cyber  professionals. It is based on similar joint duty programs for the  military services and the intelligence community.   The Rotational Cyber Workforce Program will provide civilian  employees in  [[Page S1300]]  cyber roles opportunities to enhance their careers, broaden their  professional experience, and foster collaborative networks by  experiencing and contributing to the cyber mission beyond their home  Agencies. By offering these kinds of dynamic and rewarding  opportunities, this legislation will help retain highly talented cyber  professionals and strengthen our government's security by developing  greater interagency awareness and collaboration.   I am pleased that this morning the Homeland Security and Government  Affairs Committee unanimously approved this legislation. It moves us  closer to closing the cyber security workforce gap.   In addition to taking commonsense steps like we did today in  committee, Congress needs to look ahead and plan for long-term  solutions to ensure that we always have a strong, competitive pool of  cyber security talent to draw on. We need policies that encourage  students of all ages and educational levels to seek out STEM fields,  such as computer science, so they are prepared to fill these in-demand  jobs and be our first line of defense against these emerging and  rapidly evolving threats.   I look forward to continuing to work with my Republican and  Democratic colleagues to get this bill signed into law and to advance  other commonsense legislation that strengthens our Nation's cyber  capabilities and safeguards the weakest links in the cyber security  chain from harm.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   