 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Johnson for yielding me  time, and I thank him for his leadership for that great State.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition--to be clear--not to the underlying  bill. I strongly support the education provision; the one that would  strengthen historically Black colleges and universities and other  minority-serving institutions. In fact, that provision has passed this  House with, I believe, unanimous support. But I do rise in opposition  to the dangerous precedent set by the tax provision included in this  bill. I don't believe taxpayer rights should be trampled in this  process.   The Senate, as you know, airdropped an unrelated $2.5 billion  provision that threatens taxpayer privacy and creates a dangerous  opportunity to potentially misuse our private tax information. The  bill, for the first time, now authorizes new large-scale sharing of  previously protected taxpayer information. With hundreds of  contractors, thousands of educational institutions, and other  bureaucrats, in many cases, without taxpayer consent and, potentially,  without the safeguards that protect it.    The scale we are talking about here is huge. We are talking about at  least 31 million individual disclosures of taxpayer information every  year and hundreds of thousands a year after that.  [[Page H9965]]  This would be the third largest disclosure of taxpayer information for  non-tax purposes in the history, second only to the Census and the  Affordable Care Act.   It doesn't have to be this way. We have another option that pays for  this bill but protects taxpayer information.   And why is that privacy so important? The IRS has more information  about you than almost any other agency in the Federal Government. They  know how many kids you have, how much money you make, whether you have  a home office, you bought a hybrid car. They know how much money you  donate; they know your marital status. That kind of information is  valuable. Almost every Federal agency would like access to it.   More importantly, a lot of bad actors would like to have access to  it. And out of this bill, these bad actors could have access for many  years after you go to school. We know Watergate the hearings revealed a  White House attorney who had tried to use IRS information to target  political enemies. And administrations have tried to do this for  farmers, unsuccessfully.   Congress recognized this vast amount of private information could be  abused, and we acted to protect it. Those protections ensure taxpayer  information is kept confidential unless it meets certain exemptions.   Over the years, we have added exemptions and we have deleted them,  but every time Congress has carefully considered the cost and the  consequences of those actions. But this bill's amendment is being  rushed through the House without that appropriate care or  consideration.   Today, when you file a form for a loan or a repayment or all that,  you fill out that information, or you download the taxpayer  information. That will be blocked. No more can you do that. So in the  future, these millions of records will be out in the nether lands for  years after you graduate from college. And as you know, once your data  is out there--the horse is out of the barn--you can never get it back.   Mr. Speaker, so I rise today in opposition to this bill, basically to  ask, ``let's pause.'' Let's pause this play, which we all support,  replace this privacy risk with another pay-for we can all agree on  while more work is done in this measure.   