 Madam President, I come to the floor today to plead on  behalf of Liberians who face the immediate threat of deportation from  the only home many of them have known.   I have come to the floor many times over the last two decades to  highlight the plight of Liberians, who, after fleeing civil wars,  political turmoil, economic instability, and deadly disease, were given  the ability to stay in the United States and work, pay taxes, and  contribute to our country and local communities by successive  Republican and Democratic administrations--that is, until last year,  when this President terminated deferred enforced departures, DED, the  most recent status offered to Liberians. I urge the President to  reconsider his decision and reinstate DED by March 31 to save Liberians  from being forced to leave their jobs, their families, and their homes.   Moreover, the Liberian community deserves a long-term solution. That  is why I also urge my colleagues to take up S. 456, the Liberian  Refugee Immigration Fairness Act, to end the perpetual limbo for  Liberians here in the United States and ensure our national security  interest in fostering Liberia's recovery. This bill provides legal  status and a pathway to citizenship for qualifying Liberians. I have  introduced similar legislation continuously since coming to the Senate  and have worked to include its key objectives in comprehensive  immigration reform bills that passed the Senate in years gone by, only  to die in the House of Representatives.   I have been joined in this mission by countless advocates and many  colleagues, including my Rhode Island colleague, Senator Sheldon  Whitehouse, as well as Senators Klobuchar, Smith, Durbin, Cardin, Van  Hollen, and others. I thank them for their support and urge the rest of  our colleagues to join us in supporting the Liberians who are hard at  work enriching our communities.   Today, I met with several Liberians from Rhode Island. I hope my  colleagues similarly meet with Liberians from their States so they can  hear firsthand about what would be lost if these members of our  communities are deported.   Beginning with its founding in the early 19th century by freed  American slaves, our country has had deep ties with Liberia. It goes  without saying that when Liberians faced tragedy, with their country  engulfed by a civil war that would last from 1989 to 1997, claiming the  lives of thousands, displacing more than half the country's population,  halting food production, collapsing the economy, and destroying its  infrastructure, that our country would open its arms.   By 1991, an estimated 14,000 Liberians had fled to the United States.  In March of that year, the Attorney General under President Bush  granted them the opportunity to register for temporary protected  status, TPS.   Before the prospects for a safe return could be realized, Liberia  plunged into a second civil war from 1999 to 2003. This horrific  conflict ended with the departure from power of former President  Charles Taylor, who is currently serving a 50-year prison sentence by  the Special Court for Sierra Leone for war crimes.   In 2014, still poverty-stricken and struggling to recover, Liberia  found itself plunged into an extensive outbreak of the Ebola virus.  Ebola killed an estimated nearly 5,000 of the over 10,000 persons in  Liberia who contracted the disease. The outbreak overwhelmed the  country's already fragile healthcare system, infrastructure, and  economy while exacerbating social tensions.   Throughout these tragic conflicts and challenges, Liberians who fled  to the United States have been granted the ability to stay here either  under TPS or DED while conditions remain unstable in Liberia. In order  to participate, these Liberians had to submit to vigorous vetting, pay  hefty fees, and stay out of trouble with the law.   While unable to access earned benefits available to American  citizens, these statuses at least allowed Liberians to apply for work  authorizations so they could join the workforce or start their own  businesses, pay taxes, and raise families. Once again, they work, but  they do not earn any of the benefits other Americans earn.   They have found themselves and their communities have found them to  be some of the most responsible, hard-working, and decent people we see  throughout our communities. Many of these individuals have American  citizen children who attend American schools and serve in our military.  These children have known no home other than America. They are  Americans, and it would be a tragedy if their parents and grandparents  were suddenly taken away, physically taken away and sent back to  Liberia, because for all of them, since the early 1990s, America has  been their home.   In the years since 1989, Liberians have become our neighbors and  friends, pastors, soldiers, police officers, health workers, and many  more professions. They are an important community that contributes a  great deal of diversity and prosperity in States like Rhode Island,  Minnesota, Idaho, and other places around the country. It would do our  country no good and would be simply cruel to uproot these Liberians  from their families, employers, and communities.   Moreover, deporting these Liberians would be contrary to the national  interest of the United States and destabilizing to the already fragile  West African region. We must pursue all possible efforts to ensure  regional stability by fostering Liberia's continuous post-war and post- Ebola crisis recovery. We must also continue to build on our country's  substantial foreign policy investments over the past years, including  U.S. bilateral assistance and peacekeeping investments in the region.   Given Liberia's precarious condition and lack of resources, the  sudden deportation of as many as 4,500 affected people to Liberia would  overburden the country's limited infrastructure and ability to maintain  peace and deliver essential services, all the while sabotaging the  hopes for progress following the country's first democratic transition  of power in years that occurred last year. Deporting this population  would also cause Liberia economic harm by curtailing crucial private  sector investment and socioeconomic assistance that Liberians in  America have long provided in the form of remittances to their  relatives in Liberia.   I again plead with the Trump administration to reinstate DED. Please  don't separate and uproot hundreds of Liberian-American families from  their jobs and homes and force them to return to a country that is  unrecognizable for many of them. These Liberians are Americans in every  sense of the word except for a piece of paper.   While discussions continue about the best path forward for Dreamers  and TPS, Liberians cannot wait another month or another year. They have  just over 2 weeks before their time may be up.   In my view, with each year that has passed since the first of these  Liberians arrived, the case has grown stronger that they should have  the option to adjust their status and remain in the communities where  they have made their homes and raised their families.   We have long since reached the point where simple justice requires  that Congress extend this option to these Liberians. So in addition to  urging President Trump to reinstate DED, I also urge my colleagues to  take up and pass the Liberian Refugee Immigration  [[Page S1871]]  Fairness Act and put an end to uncertainty for this population after  decades of displacement.   I yield the floor.   