 Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I rise today to offer an amendment to  H.R. 3055, relating to a problem taking place in my district that may  be reflective of what is happening in many other parts of the country.   A fire station on a military installation recently experienced a  devastating fire itself, but now cannot get the funds it needs to  construct a new firehouse.   Madam Chairwoman, the United States spends billions of dollars every  year on military projects, but we need the funds to fix and maintain  the basic buildings and infrastructure that have fallen into disrepair  on military installations across the country.   This situation was brought to my attention by constituents who work  at the Naval District of Washington Fire and Emergency Services station  located at the Naval Support Activity Bethesda installation in  Maryland. NSA Bethesda provides base support  [[Page H5012]]  for 40 tenant commands, including Walter Reed National Military Medical  Center, which the Members of this body know well.   Earlier this year, a fire broke out at NSA Bethesda's station, which  exacerbated already hazardous conditions at the firehouse. It began in  the kitchen, but because the fire alarm never went off, the flames  spread into other rooms, causing extensive damage and rendering the  firehouse basically unfit for occupancy. Fortunately, no one was  injured because no one was there, but had the fire occurred overnight  while everyone was asleep, it would have been a nightmare.   For several years prior to the fire, concerns about the safety of the  firehouse, which was built in 1942, were raised by the people who live  and work there. The complaints ranged from dangerous mold and asbestos,  to roof leaks, electrical problems, and structural instability.   Temporary trailers erected next to the firehouse are also at a  breaking point with air-conditioning units that only work  intermittently, chronic mold, and leaking septic pipes. Yet, the  complaints of the firefighters, paramedics, and EMTs were minimized or  ignored. The firefighters have been told repeatedly that there is  simply no money available to renovate or to build a new fire station.   In response to the hazardous conditions caused by the fire, the Naval  Facilities Engineering Command simply put up some drywall and told the  firefighters that the building was now ready to reoccupy.   The firefighters work 48-hour shifts and sometimes longer. They are  worried about the carcinogens they are being exposed to, not just when  they enter burning buildings, but when they breathe the air inside  their own firehouse. This is happening at the fire station that  responds to emergencies on an installation that is home to Walter Reed  National Military Medical Center, the most prominent military hospital  in America.   The men and women working there serve our military and our Nation's  wounded warriors. Many of the firefighters, EMTs, and paramedics are  themselves former soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, and  coastguardsmen. One of my constituents said: ``I served 4 years in the  Army and was deployed overseas. The conditions in the firehouse are, by  far, the worst conditions I have seen or lived in.'' Another told me  that he lived in better conditions when he was serving in Afghanistan.   This is shocking and unacceptable. The men and women working at the  fire station deserve better. They need funding to build a new, safe,  clean, fire station. In a Defense budget of hundreds of billions of  dollars, we should be able to have money for essential projects like  this one.   I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman  Schultz), my colleague who has been a real leader on this issue and is  the chairwoman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I look forward to working with the  gentlewoman to secure funding for projects like the one in my district.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   