 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2486, the  Fostering Undergraduate Talent by Unlocking Resources for Education  (FUTURE) Act, which ensures federal funding for Minority-Serving  Institutions (MSIs) across our nation, including Northern Marianas  College, continues after September 30, 2019.   Enrolling two out of every three students of color, MSIs play an  important role in providing access to a quality higher education and  career opportunities. However, many of these schools, which serve over  25 percent of all undergraduates, have historically been underfunded  which affects their ability to serve their students who primarily come  from disadvantaged backgrounds. This is why Congress authorized funding  for MSIs under the Higher Education Act to help students of color  succeed through better access to degree programs that prepare them for  in-demand jobs, academic counseling and other support services. Through  this funding, Northern Marianas College established Project PROA which  offers high school juniors, seniors and first-year college students  free academic tutoring, college mentoring, counseling, and a center  with access to computers while incorporating the indigenous Chamorro  and Refaluwasch cultures. 86 percent of participants passed more than  half of their classes after receiving Project PROA tutoring services.   Mandatory funding for these institutions will expire on September 30,  2019. The FUTURE Act, which I cosponsored, ensures this will not  happen. Under H.R. 2486, Historically Black Colleges and Universities,  Hispanic-Serving Institutions, Tribally Controlled Colleges and  Universities, and Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander- Serving Institutions like Northern Marianas College will continue to  receive $255 million for the next two years. Should funding lapse, the  impact would fall on students the most if schools have to make cuts to  the very academic programs and services that were established to help  them succeed.   I thank the gentlelady from North Carolina, Ms. Adams, for her  leadership on this legislation and urge my colleagues to support H.R.  2486.   