 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, within a few minutes, we will be voting  on the President's nomination for the new U.S. Secretary of Energy, Dan  Brouillette. I am here to offer my support for Mr. Brouillette, and I  hope my colleagues will vote for him. I am confident that, with his  leadership, we will continue to build on the progress we have made  under Secretary Rick Perry.   Secretary Perry has been a very effective Secretary of Energy during  his time here. He has used his executive and political skills, which  are considerable in his having been the Governor of Texas longer than  anybody and in his having been involved in politics for a while, to  take charge of this very important Department and lead it in a very  strong way.   For example, one of the best kept secrets in Washington, DC, is that  over the last 5 years, we have had a record level of funding for  supercomputing, which has allowed the United States to be the first in  the world in competition with China and Japan and other countries. We  have had significant increases in funding for National Laboratories--a  42-percent increase over 5 years. That is record funding. Secretary  Perry has also helped to save taxpayers' dollars by having made sure  the huge construction projects we have in some of the Department of  Energy's facilities have been brought under control. So Mr.  Brouillette, should he be confirmed by the Senate tonight, will be  following a very distinguished Secretary in Rick Perry.   I look forward to working with Mr. Brouillette. I and Senator  Feinstein, of California, are the chairman and ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development. We have worked very well  together over the last, nearly, 10 years in supporting the Department  both under the Obama administration and under the Trump administration.  We have worked in a bipartisan way and have had strong support from our  colleagues, which has been made possible by excellent Secretaries of  Energy. I believe Mr. Brouillette will be yet another one of them.   He knows the Department well, as he has been the Deputy Secretary  since 2017. In my conversations with laboratory directors and others  across the country, they feel like he knows them well. I know that this  is true in Tennessee. For example, at the Oak Ridge National  Laboratory, which is our largest science and energy laboratory, Mr.  Brouillette has been crucial in the building of the world's fastest  supercomputer, Frontier, which is housed in Oak Ridge. As Senator  Feinstein and I have insisted, he has also been crucial in making sure  that we stay on time and on budget in the building of a huge uranium  processing facility at Oak Ridge, which has been the largest Federal  construction project in our State since World War II, when the  Manhattan Project was created there.   Mr. Brouillette has visited the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He  understands the important work being done there, both at the laboratory  and at the Y-12 uranium facility. He understands the importance of the  environmental cleanup being done there and at Hanford in Washington  State and other places.   In short, I think we are very fortunate to have someone of his  caliber and his experience nominated to head one of our most important  Departments--the Department of Energy.   I look forward as chairman of his appropriations subcommittee, should  he be confirmed, to working with him during this appropriations  process, which we hope is about complete, and during the next one,  which will be coming up soon.   I am here simply to say that I support Mr. Brouillette. I am glad the  President nominated him. I hope he gets a big vote in a few minutes. I  look forward to working with him.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to start the  vote at this time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   