 Madam Chair, this is one of those, the tyranny of the  clock as we have talked about, 3 minutes.   There are so many things here we agree upon about the rage we feel  when we see the pricing mechanisms and those things. But there are so  many things also being said here that are absolutely wrong, from what  is happening in Big Pharma to the new biologics that are coming from  the small research companies, that I believe, actually, H.R. 3 is going  to do incredible violence to our society.   Madam Chair, you have to understand. We are living in the time of  miracles. There are cures coming that would not happen under H.R. 3.   The single shot that cures hemophilia, one of most expensive diseases  in our chronic population, that single shot is going to be outrageously  expensive; but it is actually dramatically cheaper than just 3 or 4  years of living with the disease.   Madam Chair, here is actually one of my incredible concerns.   You do understand the pricing efficiency you are importing. This is a  reference pricing bill.   Madam Chair, what is a year of your life worth? Madam Chair, what is  a year of your life worth if you are healthy? One year of healthy life,  what is it worth to you, Madam Chair?   Because, Madam Chair, if you are in Great Britain, it is $37,000. If  the drug comes in at $37,001, it is not purchased. That is the  efficiency you are about to import into our country. You are going to  do this.   There are countries here where, if a pharmaceutical breakthrough is  $19,000 and it would give you 1 year of healthy life, they don't buy  it. That is what you are importing. You are importing this type of  cruelty.   You get to look at someone's face and say: Look, we imported that  European model that basically said that your life is not worth that to  us for you to be healthy for another year.   We are better than this. We can do better.   We both passionately agree the pricing mechanisms are crappy. The way  capital is moved around is unfair. But H.R. 3 is going to do so much  more damage.   And I think I can build you a financial model that says that you will  lower some people's drug prices and you will raise the cost of,  functionally, healthcare in our country because the cures that are  coming don't come anymore.   Madam Chair, do you really want to import that type of cruelty into  our society?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for letting me  come and engage in this discussion, and I may want to ask a couple  questions. And we had my doctor friend from Kansas here a couple  minutes ago.   A quick thought experiment: What is the greatest economic threat to  our society?   It is actually our inability to have enough resources to pay for the  promises. So we have made promises in Social Security. But Medicare, if  you actually look at the 30-year window--and, look, I'm on Ways and  Means--thanks for letting me intrude--but we have made the promises in  Medicare really, really difficult. We are talking potentially $103  trillion of deficit, if you add in Social Security and Medicare, but it  is mostly healthcare costs.   Well, it turns out, you can reduce the unfunded liabilities in  Medicare by 30 percent by just a cure, just a cure for diabetes. I will  argue the mechanisms in this H.R. 3, this sort of Democrat takeover of  the pricing mechanisms and the capitalization of the next generation of  healthcare, does incredible violence to the future.   Madam Speaker, I don't know if Congressman Carter saw this, but  remember, this is a reference pricing bill. The underlying secret is  the efficiencies that are actually being claimed in this bill, they are  hiding behind something that is really dark, and I don't think they  have explained it.   So let's say you are in Great Britain. And what is a year of your  life worth?   It turns out in Great Britain, the way they would price a new  pharmaceutical that gives you a year of quality life, it is a quality- year adjusted formula, and it is $37,000. So you show up with a new  drug that is going to give you a year of quality life, but it is  $37,000. They do not buy it.   What is your life worth? What is a quality year of your life worth  for a year? Because this is what the left is about to import into your  country.   And understand, there are countries out there that it is down to  $19,000. If a drug costs more than $19,000, but gives you a year of  quality life, they don't buy it.   That is the rationing mechanism that the left is about to import  here. In many ways, just the stunning cruelty of such a thing--and they  haven't told the truth that this is actually where much of their  savings actually come from--is denying you the things that keep you  healthy.   And this is the mechanism--and I know it is a confusing chart--but  functionally, if that outlay crosses these numbers, you do not get that  pharmaceutical.   Yet, there are crazy things you and I could be doing, just actually  taking your prescriptions, things we could build into a model. That is  half a trillion dollars a year we could be saving on our healthcare  costs just by stepping up and changing the way we do our public policy  around pharmaceuticals.   And the left has completely cut us out on the Committee on Ways and  Means, Republican ideas, on saying there is a whole bunch of things we  actually agree upon. Stop being so crazy dogmatic with your hate and  start thinking about people's lives and giving them a future, because  if we can cure parts of that 5 percent of the chronic condition that is  a majority of our healthcare spending, we can have a revolution in  crashing the price of healthcare in this country.   