 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, in 1963, when the Equal Pay Act was signed into law,  women earned 59 cents on the dollar compared to men.   In the 56 years since, that gap has only closed by 21 cents. Women  still make only 80 cents on the dollar compared to their male  counterparts and earn less than men in nearly every single occupation.   The pay gap is even more extreme for women of color. Over the course  of an entire career, that gap results in women losing millions of  dollars in earnings compared to their male counterparts.   In today's economy, in which women make up more than half of the  workforce and are the sole or co-breadwinner in half of American  families, that is simply unacceptable.   Being paid fairly for your work is a fundamental issue of fairness  and freedom. Pay disparity can limit women's career choices and their  financial independence, but equal pay enables women to save for  retirement, to build careers, to buy homes, and to support their  families.   Today, I am proud to vote for the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation  I have cosponsored in every Congress since 1997.   This legislation gets us closer, at last, to fulfilling the promise  of equal pay for equal work and finally ensuring that women have the  ability to fight back against wage discrimination and close the wage  gap.   I wish to thank Chairman Scott for including language in this bill  that mirrors legislation I introduced with Representative Eleanor  Holmes Norton to address how employers use salary history.   Many women and minorities start their careers with unfair and  artificially low salaries compared to their White male counterparts.  That discrepancy can be compounded from job to job, when employers rely  heavily on salary history in compensation packages.   This change will help ensure that women's pay is based on their merit  and not on the past discrimination of other employers.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to finish  the work of closing the wage gap.   