 Mr. Chair, my amendment would limit the  Administration's ability to co-opt important public lands for an  unnecessary, hateful, and expensive wall at our Southern border--my  home region.   This amendment would defund Section 2 of the President's National  Emergency Declaration by barring agencies from using the funds  appropriated in this bill to turn parks, wildlife refuges, and other  public lands into a militarized border zone administered by agencies  lacking the expertise to take good care of them.   Our border lands are comprised of a diverse array of ecosystems that  support over 100 different endangered or threatened species, per a 2016  Fish and Wildlife Service report.   The border wall would fragment important habitats, limiting the  ability of animals to find food, water, and potential mates across  their range.   We always need to be conscientious of the ways that any major federal  project affects our natural world. But when the project is so hateful  and useless, and when it impacts such vulnerable ecological  communities, we must do something.   I refuse to stand by while our President abuses his powers to remove  jurisdiction over our public lands from the agencies best able to take  care of them. They are our heritage, not an expendable construction  zone.   Trump's border wall is unnecessary, harmful and ineffective. Border  communities remain some of the safest cities in the country, yet the  continued militarization of our borderlands continues hurting border  communities, commerce, and wildlife.   The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is currently exempt from  all local, state and federal laws that exist to protect the  environment, wildlife, historic and archaeological sites, Native  American sacred sites, and religious practices-all of which negatively  impact the borderlands.   More walls will not affect the flow of drugs into the country;  instead we must modernize and invest in our crumbling infrastructure  and ensure adequate staffing at our ports of entry.   I would like to thank the Chair and the committee for their work on  this bill. I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this amendment, and  I would urge all my colleagues to support this amendment.   We must stop the false narrative of a violent and insecure border to  justify border wall construction.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prevent uranium from  being considered as a critical mineral under the Trump Administration's  critical mineral strategy.   Last year, the Interior Department included uranium on a list of  critical minerals required under Executive Order 13817.   However, uranium does not meet the definition of a ``critical  mineral'' in that executive order.   Under the order, the first criteria for a critical mineral is that it  must be a ``non-fuel mineral'' or a ``mineral material.''   Uranium is neither.   Even the Department of the Interior understands that.   Earlier this month at a Natural Resources Committee hearing on my  Grand Canyon Centennial Protection Act, a senior official from the  Department testified that, ``Uranium, like oil and gas, solar, wind,  geothermal, and other energy sources, remains a vital component of a  responsible and comprehensive energy strategy.''   Clearly, uranium is a fuel mineral, so it fails to meet that part of  the critical mineral definition.   And a ``mineral material'' is defined by the Minerals Act of 1947 as  common varieties of sand, stone, gravel, pumice, and other similar  items.   The Bureau of Land Management also clearly tells people on their  website that mineral materials are sold and not subject to the Mining  Law of 1872.   Uranium, on the other hand, is subject to the Mining Law of 1872, and  it is not a ``common variety'' of anything by any stretch of the  imagination.   So uranium fails that test as well.   We don't even have to get into the fact that our supply chain for  uranium comes mainly from friendly countries like Canada and Australia,  and is not at risk.   Uranium very clearly does not meet the definition of a ``critical  mineral'' under the executive order.   Yet it is on the list of critical minerals published by the Interior  Department last year, and subject to all the production enhancements  and incentives recommended by the Department of Commerce in its  Critical Mineral Strategy.   We do not need to make it any easier to mine uranium in this country.   Already mining companies in the United States have a sweetheart deal  in the form of the Mining Law of 1872, where they pay no royalties and  have virtually unfettered access to public lands.   The administration has already taken unprecedented steps that help  out the uranium industry, such as cutting Bears Ears National Monument  by 85 percent at their request.   Now the new critical mineral strategy recommends reviewing existing  mineral withdrawals with an eye towards eliminating or shrinking them,  particularly in areas where they may be critical minerals.   Because uranium is incorrectly defined as a critical mineral, this  puts the Grand Canyon right in the crosshairs.   The Obama administration put a 20-year withdrawal on the sensitive  lands around the Grand Canyon so it could study the impacts of uranium  mining in the region.   We are less than half of the way into that withdrawal, but the  uranium companies are salivating at the possibility of ending those  protections early and descending on uranium deposits around the Grand  Canyon.   My Grand Canyon Centennial Protection Act would protect this  landscape and the residents who have called it home for centuries.  Unfortunately, we may never get the chance to do this if President  Trump continues to do the bidding of the uranium mining companies.   Given the legacy of uranium mining in the West, particularly the  terrible health impacts experienced on the Navajo Nation from abandoned  uranium mines, we should be holding  [[Page H4951]]  mining companies accountable, not handing them a blank check to more of  our most special public lands.   That's why this amendment is so important.   It prohibits the administration from treating uranium as a critical  mineral and using the actions identified in the Commerce Department's  Critical Mineral Strategy in order to grease the skids for new uranium  mines.   It doesn't affect any of the other minerals on the critical minerals  list, and it doesn't prevent companies from staking new uranium claims  or opening new uranium mines.   It just keeps the government from giving those companies any  additional benefits beyond the too many that they already have.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the amendment.   