 Mr. President, at the end of World War I--the supposed  war to end all wars; we all wish that it did--in the 11th hour, in the  11th month on the 11th day, we declared armistice. The war was over.  Armistice Day is still recognized, but it is now called Veterans Day.   This coming Monday, on 11/11, as we always do on the 11th day of the  11th month, we will pause as a nation and say thank you to the men and  women who serve us in the U.S. military. It is the most moral and the  most lethal fighting force the world has ever known, and we are  grateful. To the men and women who make up our veterans, those serving  Actively, those serving in the Reserves, those serving in our National  Guard, and those who have served both at home and abroad, we are  grateful for their service.   It has been an absolute privilege to serve our veterans in Oklahoma.  There are members of my own family, like my Uncle Robby, who is a  marine, and my next-door neighbor, who is in the National  Guard. Scattered throughout my family and throughout my own  neighborhood, I have a chance to smile and say thank you to folks on a  regular basis for what they have done in the past and what they  continue to do right now.    Over the past several sessions of Congress, we have worked to help  our veterans and to help those who are serving currently. We have  passed legislation like the VA MISSION Act, which dramatically  increases veterans' care and gives veterans the opportunity to go to  different places in order to get care. Now they don't have to drive  across my great State to get to a VA center. They can go somewhere  closer to home, where it is more convenient for them, rather than go to  a VA center. That is a great asset to them and to their families, who  have sacrificed over and over again so that their loved ones can serve.  They shouldn't have to sacrifice even more now.   This Congress has made major improvements to and has expanded the GI  bill. We have improved the onerous disability compensation and appeals  process for the VA, which has long been an issue. We have increased the  quality of care at the VA, and we have made sure that staff members who  work at our VA centers are held to account. By far, the majority of  people who serve in our VA centers serve on behalf of our veterans and  are passionate and grateful to do that. Yet, for some who cannot get  the job done, we shouldn't give our veterans lesser care because of  those individuals.   Those are all of the things that have been done just to say thank  you. Yet it is interesting to me, the number of times I have talked to  veterans and have said ``thank you for your service,'' and they have  responded with something like ``it is the least I could do'' or  ``absolutely'' or ``no thanks necessary'' or ``it was my honor to do  it.'' This is a group of individuals who knows what it means to serve.  We will continue to say thanks to them.   On this Veterans Day, I will pause with a family at a bridge in  Oklahoma as the name of the bridge transitions to the Damon Leehan  Bridge in remembrance of an Oklahoman who, in 2011, died in Afghanistan  while protecting our freedom.   Our veterans don't ask for our thanks, but we can't give them thanks  enough for what they and their families have done to keep this great  Nation secure.   Thank you to our veterans.   I yield the floor.   