 Mr. Speaker, for those insured who rely on insulin or  who are fortunate enough to win the lottery to have their drugs  selected to be negotiated, this is a valuable piece of legislation. But  for 30 million Americans who are uninsured, they are denied any  guarantee of lower prices.   Inexplicably, this rule rejects a proposal by me and 28 of our  colleagues to provide relief for the uninsured. It bars all of my  amendments to improve H.R. 3, including those that addressed outrageous  new drug launch prices; price spike protection, which price spikes are  occurring at an alarming rate, by the thousands; and ensuring  negotiation for those drugs where the taxpayers are actually picking up  the tab to finance the research that produces the drug.   Of all of these, the most troubling concerns the uninsured. USA Today  just published a powerful op-ed by Nicole Smith-Holt. It is entitled:  ``My Son Died From Rationing Insulin. Democrats' Drug Pricing Plan  Still Wouldn't Help Him.'' She writes of her son, age 26, who aged out  of his parents' insurance and had a job with no benefits.   She expresses the same concern that a group of Michigan high  schoolers recently wrote me in a compelling letter that they are  raising money to help those who lack insurance buy their drugs, saying:  ``Drug manufacturers should not be able to determine who does and who  does not get better. Everyone deserves to be healthy . . . .`'   And everyone deserves to be helped by our legislation, but some are  left out. My goal has never been to turn this bill to the right or to  the left, but to deal with those and provide assurances to those who  have been left out by it.   Under this legislation, it will still remain illegal, a violation of  Federal law, to negotiate lower drug prices on two-thirds of the  drugs----    It remains illegal to negotiate on two-thirds of the  drugs that are covered by Medicare. Prescription drug price gouging,  enabled by government-approved monopolies without any restraint, is not  limited to one disease or one class of drugs.   The perfect should certainly not get in the way of the good in  drafting such legislation, but we should be doing more to deliver the  good we promised.   I reluctantly oppose this rule.    Madam Chair, there is only one problem with this  bipartisan plan that the Republicans have embraced: It will not lower  manufacturers' prescription drugs prices by a penny.   As to the phony argument that there are some cures out there that  will be lost by this legislation, it also does not stand the test of  analysis. The suggestion is that 8 out of 200 drugs over the next 10  years may not be presented. Not new cures, but in many cases, if we  look at the current market, these are simply reformulations of existing  drugs that manufacturers use to extend their monopoly positions.   All of this about a bill that, frankly, I am not all that  enthusiastic. I think this legislation was originally advanced as a  narrow approach to win over Republicans, and that doesn't appear to  have been too successful this evening.   For that purpose, it may have merit. But as a model for comprehensive  future legislation on prescription price gouging by government-approved  monopolies, this narrow measure does not. Its negotiation scope is  restricted to insulin and certain high-cost, high-volume drugs.   Despite our pledge to repeal the Republican-imposed prohibition of  Medicare negotiation, it still remains illegal, a violation of Federal  law to negotiate lower prices for two-thirds of the medications covered  by Medicare. That includes EpiPens and many other treatments.   No negotiation for lower prices is assured even when the taxpayers  paid for much of the research to develop the drugs.   Price gouging is not limited to one disease or one class of drugs.  This bill also does not provide any guarantee to 30 million uninsured  Americans that they will get any lower prices.   I look forward to a new Congress with a President who wants to follow  the campaign promises that President Trump has ignored, to provide  relief for all Americans with a comprehensive solution to contain this  Big Pharma monopoly power.   