 Madam President, I know you are not allowed to  respond to me, but allow me to welcome you to the Chair as a new Member  of the Senate.   With a new year come a lot of changes. This month, a Democratic  majority was sworn in to the House of Representatives. That new  majority has heard the call from Americans to make tackling climate  change one of our top priorities, and what a change that will make from  the last Congress.   Young voters who helped propel this change are urgently concerned  about climate change. More than three-fourths of millennials agree on  the need for climate action. Even a majority of Republican millennials  agree on the need for action in face of our climate crisis. Indeed, a  former Republican Congressman just wrote about climate change: ``My  party will never earn the votes of millennials unless it gets serious  about finding solutions.''   Of course, it is not just younger voters; polling shows that  Americans of all ages and political stripes favor policy solutions that  scientists and economists say are needed to tackle climate change. A  recent survey of more than 10,000 registered voters showed that nearly  two-thirds of Americans believe that investing in renewable energy will  create more jobs than investing in fossil fuel. Among Republicans-- here--52 percent of Republican voters think that focusing on renewables  will create more jobs than fossil fuel--52 percent to 29 percent--and  that is with the nonstop saturation, indoctrination of the Republican  Party by the fossil fuel industry, with all of its propaganda and  nonsense.   Of course, the facts bear out that renewable energy will create more  jobs. It is already happening. Over 3 million Americans are employed in  the renewable energy and energy efficiency industries, compared to just  over 1 million in fossil fuels. There is far more job growth in the  renewable sector than in the declining, decrepit fossil fuel industry.   Solid majorities of Americans say they want more emphasis on  renewable energy. Seventy-one percent want more solar, 64 percent want  more wind, and 56 percent want more hydropower. By contrast, only 40  percent want more natural gas, only 25 percent want more oil, and only  18 percent want more coal. Seventy-one percent want solar, and 18  percent want coal. I think the Trump administration would do well to  pay attention to those numbers--if it were, indeed, about the numbers,  anyway.   So make the question harder. Go all in. Ask Americans about a full  transition to a 100-percent renewable energy system, and most say that  the transition to a 100-percent renewable energy system for America  will be good for working families--better than continuing on our fossil  fuel path.   If you look at what Republicans say, by 2 to 1, Republican voters say  that going to renewables will have a positive impact on working  families, versus only 23.5 percent who say it will have a negative  impact. The rest--``don't know'' or ``no impact either way.'' But the  people who favor 100 percent renewables as a good thing for working  families--even among Republican voters, it is 2 to 1 over fossil fuel.   When Americans are told about a Green New Deal to reduce carbon  pollution and create clean energy jobs by investing in infrastructure  and renewable energy and efficient buildings and transportation  systems, almost 70 percent are supportive, and that includes almost 60  percent of Republicans--20 percent strongly support, and 36.8 percent  support. So even the Green New Deal is a winner among Republican  voters.   Ask about putting a price on carbon pollution. Why would you want to  do that? Because right now, the costs of carbon pollution are put on  the public. They are put on all of us. They are put on our  constituents. Polluters get away with polluting for free, and the rest  of us pay for the added drought and wildfire and storm damage costs.  Well, more than 60 percent of registered voters support pricing carbon  to reduce emissions. And if you look at Republicans, a majority of  Republicans under the age of 45 also support a carbon price.   This new polling matches other polling that is on its way out or  recently out that shows solid support for pricing carbon and making  polluters pay for the damage they are causing--which, by the way, is  also economics 101, but never mind that. We are talking about polling  today.   A Monmouth University poll showed that 64 percent of Republicans now  accept climate change as a problem, and a majority of Republicans  support government action to combat climate change--a majority of  Republicans.   An ABC News poll showed that 81 percent of Americans support cutting  greenhouse gas emissions, two-thirds supported a carbon tax, and 81  percent supported tax breaks for renewable power.   These are big, strong, national majorities in favor of the kind of  action we need and could do to stem the climate crisis.   A poll for Yale and George Mason Universities showed that 70 percent  of registered voters, including over half of Republicans, support  reducing greenhouse gas emissions regardless of what other countries  do.   This poll also found majority support across both parties for U.S.  participation in the Paris Agreement and overwhelming support for  renewal energy among Republicans, Democrats, and Independents.   What is more, this poll found that almost three-quarters of  registered voters, including a majority of Republicans, support setting  strict limits on carbon pollution from coal-fired powerplants, and a  majority of Republicans, Independents, and Democrats support imposing a  revenue neutral carbon tax on fossil fuel companies. A majority of  Republicans support imposing a revenue neutral carbon tax on fossil  fuel companies.   Well, I have had a bill with Senator Schatz in the last several  Congresses to do just that--charge a fee on the polluters for their  carbon emissions and then return all the revenue raised to the American  people. Several bills on the House side also price carbon pollution,  and a few even had Republican cosponsors.   These bills went nowhere under Republican leadership, notwithstanding  these numbers and notwithstanding public support. Why? Because the  fossil fuel industry opposes them--so no hearings, no vote, no nothing.   What did get a vote in the House last year under Republican  leadership? A resolution condemning carbon pricing--condemning the  carbon pricing that a majority of Republican voters support--backed, of  course, by the fossil fuel industry. Virtually every expert, economist,  and scientist who has studied the question says that putting a price on  carbon pollution is not only the right thing to do morally and  economically but is necessary to keep global temperatures from climbing  2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial norms, as the scientific  consensus makes clear we must do at a minimum--at a minimum. If we blow  past 2 degrees, all bets are off, and the consequences of climate  change may become irreversible. Even at 1.5 degrees, we are taking  chances, but dozens of industry-backed front groups--this is hard to  see, but this is the usual array of web-of-denial, phony-baloney front  groups that have been supported, funded, and created by the fossil fuel  industry so people don't think it is the fossil fuel industry  committing this nonsense. They have groups with names such as ALEC, the  Competitive Enterprise Institute, Americans for Tax Reform, Heartland  Institute, and Institute for Liberty. These groups clean up their  propaganda for them.   So here come these letters. These industry-backed front groups had  one important thing going for them that the Nobel Prize-winning  economists on the other side couldn't match, and that is big political  money and the fossil fuel industry behind them. Groups behind this  letter to Speaker Ryan received at  [[Page S208]]  least $54 million from Big Oil and the Koch brothers' political  network--at least $54 million. We don't know for sure because of their  clandestine, dark money funding network. Likely, it is far more.   The minimum $54 million that the fossil fuel industry funded these  groups with may likely be far more because so much of the fossil fuel  industry's funding is obscured through dark money channels to hide  their hand.   What did they achieve? Well, they got a vote. Unlike the carbon  pricing bills, they got a vote on the House floor. Speaker Ryan brought  the fossil fuel-funded resolution to a vote, and with the Republican  caucus largely a wholly owned subsidiary of the fossil fuel industry,  the resolution passed.   There is a whole case study in corruption here, as the Founding  Fathers would define it, but the simple lesson for today's purposes:  Money talks and big fossil fuel money commands.   This situation stinks. The polls I just went through and others show  what Americans want. Americans want jobs, Americans want clean air,  Americans want a healthy climate, and Americans want to be safe from  extreme weather, wildfires, and rising seas, and Americans know clean  energy solutions will get them there.   Americans are ready for bipartisan action, and before the Supreme  Court's decision in Citizens United came along, we had bipartisan  action in the Senate on climate. We had lots of bipartisan action in  the Senate on climate, but with Citizens United, unlimited money  launched into our politics and things changed, and now the strings are  pulled by Big Oil, Big Coal, and a couple of creepy fossil fuel  industry billionaires.   Special interest money has infected almost everything we do in  Congress, and it is the flagrant fact of our nonresponse to the climate  crisis. The warnings have been coming for decades--first from the  scientists, then from the economists, now from practically everywhere.   I went to the capital city of the Presiding Officer's State and was  told there that the staffing requirements for police and fire were  going to have to change because Phoenix, AZ, was becoming so hot that  to get people to work outside, responding to emergencies, responding to  fires and so forth, you had to build in a whole new staffing regime  because it was so hard to work in the new levels of heat that the city  of Phoenix is experiencing. You have to be able to rotate people much  faster through crime scenes and through fire scenes and you had to have  other people willing to stand by and cool them off after they were  exposed to superheating.   So it is everywhere now. If you live on the coast, it is sea level;  if you live out West, it is wildfires, and it includes Republican  voters and particularly younger Republican voters.   Remember what the recently departed Republican Member of Congress  said: ``My party will never earn the votes of millennials unless it  gets serious about finding solutions.''   Well, clean energy is a solution. The fact of all this Republican  voter support on the one hand is a sign of hope for the new year--of  hope that elected Republicans will hear their voters and will take  action and support the clean energy solutions that can avert the  climate crisis. At the same time, the voters on the Republican side who  are saying what they want are also being ignored. Therefore, these  numbers are equally telling of the secretive political forces at work  in Congress to bottle us up and to prevent what even Republican voters  want.   There is a rot in our politics, and our failure on climate change is  a telling indicator of that rot. The whole world is watching. America  is supposed to be ``a City upon a Hill,'' an example for the world.  They don't stop looking when we are a bad example. We have to get  serious about this. Time is running out. It is time to wake up, and it  is time to clean up.   With that, I yield the floor.   