 Madam Speaker, and still I rise. I rise, Madam  Speaker, on behalf of Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution.   I rise, Madam Speaker, on behalf of the more than 40 percent of  people in this country who believe that an unfit President ought to be  impeached. I rise on behalf of the many people who believe that somehow  the voices of those who favor impeachment have been muted.   And I want you to know, Madam Speaker, and to those who are  listening, I want you to know that there is at least one person in the  Congress of the United States of America who believes that an unfit  President ought to be impeached.   I rise on behalf of those, Madam Speaker, who believe that if  President Barack Obama had behaved the way the current President has  behaved, he would have been impeached. I rise to take a stand on behalf  of the many who believe in impeachment of an unfit President. More than  40 percent of this country believes it. More than 80 percent,  thereabout, of Democrats believe it.   And I rise on behalf of the many people who understand that there is  a humanitarian crisis at the border, the many people who believe that  babies ought not be confined in small, confined places where they have  to trip over each other if they want to traverse from one side of the  room to the other. These are babies. I rise on behalf of these babies.   And I rise on behalf of the many people who believe that if these  babies were White babies, the response would be vastly different. We  know that we would not tolerate what is happening in this humanitarian  crisis if these were not people of color. We wouldn't tolerate it if  they were White. We ought to treat all babies the same. We know that  this President is a bigot, and we know that this policy at the border  is rooted in bigotry.   Madam Speaker, I want you to know that this will not be my last time  standing in the well of the Congress to deal with this issue. Let  others do what they may; take on the issues that you choose; but know  that I believe an unfit President ought to be impeached, and we ought  not have a double standard such that we treat people of color  differently from the way we treat people not of color. And that is what  is happening right now at this border.   If they were coming in from the north and they were White, the  reaction wouldn't be the same. The fervor would be greater. The demand  for justice would be greater.   We have to take a stand against bigotry. We cannot allow it to  continue to grow in this country. We are the place where the President  is to be brought before the bar of justice. Only the House of  Representatives can do it.   And I declare this day that impeachment is not dead.   