 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule. H.R. 205, the Protecting  and Securing Florida's Coastline Act, makes the existing moratorium in  the eastern Gulf of Mexico permanent.   I thank Congresswoman Castor, our coleader on this bill; Judge  Hastings; Dr. Shalala; and the rest of the Florida delegation who have  signed up enthusiastically to protect Florida.   Offshore drilling is an existential threat to our tourism economy.  Tourism is highly competitive. Any conditions or circumstances which  could, however remote or circumstantial, stoke fear of oily beaches or  ruined fishing grounds or dead birds will have a significant impact.   Just last November, Florida passed a constitutional amendment banning  offshore drilling. The amendment received over 5 million votes and  passed with nearly 70 percent of the vote.   Fishing, tourism, and recreation account for $37.4 billion in  Florida, including $17.5 billion just from the Gulf Coast, and supports  over 600,000 jobs.   Following the Deepwater Horizon disaster, the west coast of Florida  lost economic value in both commercial and recreational fishing and in  lost tourist visits despite the fact that, as Judge Hastings said,  there was no oil that reached there. There was no impact. It is  perception becomes reality in a competitive tourist industry.   In addition to the compelling economic need to make the moratorium  permanent, the eastern gulf is home to the Gulf Test Range, a 120,000- square-mile military testing range that stretches from the Florida  Panhandle to the Keys.   This unimpeded training and testing area is crucial to national  security and cannot be carried out anywhere else in the United States  or, perhaps, the world. Its vast size allows the testing of hypersonic  weapons, combat maneuvers, drone testing, and future operations that  will need space for testing and restricted access for classified  operations.    Mr. Speaker, the majority of this activity is  right along the area east of the military mission line at longitude 86  degrees 41 minutes, which we can see right here. This blue line is the  military mission line.   As we can see, the military forecast is that the majority of testing  is to take place adjacent to the east of this line--not out in here,  but right in here, where it is most critical.   I have circled here all of the major bases, including one of the  largest ones in the country, Eglin Air Force Base.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to protect both this  military mission line and Florida's tourist-based economy by voting  ``yes'' on the rule.   