 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend on the Rules Committee  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have been listening to the debate intently. I don't  disagree with much of what my friend from Tennessee had to say. It is a  bad habit that both parties have gotten into over the decades of my  lifetime putting party above Article in terms of judicial oversight,  executive branch oversight, and even our responsibilities here, such as  declaring war.   But what you have not heard here today, Mr. Speaker, and what you  will not hear is why the passage of this resolution advantages us in  any way. There is not one piece of information that the Speaker of our  House--our Speaker--just came and asked for that we are not empowered  to request today.   The difference, Mr. Speaker, is if we pass this resolution, rather  than the House requesting this information--as has historically been  true--we would begin to request information one committee chairman at a  time.   Does that advantage us in Article I, going to court one committee  chairman at a time, or are we advantaged when the Speaker speaks on  behalf of us all?   I don't know the answer, Mr. Speaker. I am not a legal scholar, and  in the Rules Committee where we had original jurisdiction on this, we  did not call any legal scholars to help us answer that question. In the  Judiciary Committee they did not call any legal scholars to help to  answer this question.   Mr. Speaker, I tell you there is not a Member of this institution on  either side of the aisle who cares more about Article I and our  exerting the responsibilities the Constitution gives to us and our  constituents expect us to do than I do. Perhaps there is someone in  here who cares as much, but there is no one who cares more.   Are we disadvantaging the institution for life by taking what has  traditionally been the responsibility of our Speaker to do on behalf of  all of us and putting it in the hands of committee chairmen?   We don't know, and anyone who tells you that they do isn't telling  you the truth. We are going to continue to argue about the White House  and what they have turned over and what they didn't turn over and what  they ought to turn over, Mr. Speaker. That is not what this bill does  today. There is not one piece of information that is requested that we  do not have the authority to request today. Let's not move in ways that  disadvantage us for generations to come.   