 Madam Speaker, so here we are together in the House of  Representatives on day 33 of the government shutdown. We have all been  back in our districts, and like me, I suspect have all heard from  people who are really starting to suffer as a result of this government  shutdown: TSA agents, other people essential to our security, other  Federal workers, and people who receive food stamps who are wondering  whether 2 weeks from now they will be able to feed their children.   I don't know about you, but I come back to Washington thinking one  thing, which is: We need to stop calling this a government shutdown.  That sort of makes it sound like a machine isn't working somewhere.  Let's call this what it is. The President's decision to sign no budget  until he gets his wall is not a government shutdown.   It is taking the happiness, the prosperity, and the opportunity of  millions of Americans hostage until he gets his wall. It is not too  strong to say that this is torturing millions of Americans with anxiety  until the President gets his wall.   It is saying to Americans that you will work for weeks, and maybe  months, but we won't pay you because he needs his wall. If you are one  of the millions of Americans who rely on SNAP benefits so that you can  look at your child and know that that child has had nourishment that  day, you may not get those benefits because he needs his wall.   If you are a contractor, you are not getting any back pay, and I am  sorry, because he needs his wall.   I have got the stories from my district that everybody else does in  this Chamber. The worst one was when I talked to a woman named Debbie.  Debbie is fighting stage IV melanoma. Her husband is a Department of  Transportation executive who was called back to D.C. to work without  pay, leaving Debbie to raise three children and battle cancer without  pay, with the insecurity of whether she will be able to pay her copays  to keep herself alive.   Why? Apparently, holding hostage the American people is okay because  the President's wall is that important. Well, if that is so important,  why, when the Republicans controlled the House, and the Senate, and  Presidency until a few weeks ago, why did we not hear about the wall  then? Why are we torturing the American people now?   I have been here for 10 years. We haven't ever had a debate or an  argument about a wall, but now it is okay for the President to torture  the American people, to keep them without money, to keep them in  insecurity, to keep them in anxiety, because right now the wall is  absolutely essential.   Let's talk for a second about where this came from and what kind of a  tool  [[Page H1005]]  this hostage taking is. Remember, during the campaign the President  said, we will build a wall from sea to shining sea, a big beautiful  wall that will be paid for by Mexico.   What we are doing right now is not delivering on the campaign promise  of the President of the United States. We are cleaning up around the  fact that he could not deliver on a campaign promise to have Mexico pay  for the wall. Instead, security workers and the American people are  being asked not just to pay for his wall, but to suffer for his wall.   This is a dealmaker. The art of the deal. I was in the majority once  when we had the Senate, and Presidency, and the House. There was lots  of stuff we wanted but we couldn't get done. A public option in the  Affordable Care Act, we couldn't get that done. The American Clean  Energy and Security Act, we couldn't get that done. Something to  address climate change, we couldn't get that done. But we never dreamed  that the tool that we had in our pocket was to say we will torture the  American people unless we get what we want.   I would remind my Republican colleagues that there will be a  Democratic President someday, and they are setting this precedent. Set  this precedent because it is an awesome tool. Maybe we will decide not  to pay the military until we can get truly universal health coverage.  Maybe we will decide not to man the borders or to decriminalize  marijuana because that is what we want, and we won't pay people until  we get what we want. It is a terrible precedent, and my Republican  friends know that.   So what do we do now? There are two things that can happen. The  President can maybe turn off ``FOX News'' long enough to see that this  is hurting his politics very badly. He could maybe experience some  empathy; something that I am not holding my breath for. Or maybe,  Congress could act like Congress and say we are a coequal branch and we  stand for the people who we are currently torturing.   The Senate majority leader said, I will not move a bill that the  President will not sign. Think about that. The United States Senate,  the greatest deliberative body on the planet is, by design now, a  rubber stamp to the President.   It is not hard to override a veto. It just requires us to do what we  are paid to do and stand for the American people who are suffering  right now.   