 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I  would also like to thank her, Chairman Thompson, Congressman Sarbanes,  and the many Democratic Members who helped craft this important  legislation.    H.R. 1, Mr. Chairman, among many things, will make our elections more  ethical and will make them more secure.   As a former Rhode Island secretary of state and member of the  Congressional Task Force on Election Security, I absolutely believe  that we must actively address our elections systems' vulnerabilities,  or our enemies certainly will.   H.R. 1 provides States with funding, guidance, and threat  intelligence to secure election systems by purchasing voting machines  that provide auditable paper ballots, securing voter registration  databases, and training election officials.   Now, these suggestions came from the task force, and they reflect  guidance we heard from leaders like Rhode Island Secretary of State  Nellie Gorbea, who is implementing one of the Nation's first risk- limiting audits. They also reflect the wisdom of the cybersecurity  researchers who have so much to offer in identifying vulnerabilities  and helping us to close them.   Mr. Chairman, with the 2020 elections around the corner, I am proud  to support this legislation, because we must act now to protect our  democracy.   Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Ms. Lofgren, Chairman Thompson,  Congressman Sarbanes, and the many House Democratic members who helped  craft this vital legislation. The For the People Act will not only make  our elections more ethical and accessible, it will also help secure  them from outside interference.   As a former Secretary of State of Rhode Island and member of the  Congressional Task Force on Election Security, I believe we must  actively address the vulnerabilities in our election systems.   We know that Russia interfered with our 2016 elections, targeting  political organizations and the election infrastructure of at least 21  states. They sought to undermine public confidence in our elections,  and despite no evidence of ballot tampering, millions of Americans now  question whether their votes are counted properly.   While state and local governments must retain control of elections,  they cannot be expected to confront a nation state like Russia on their  own. We owe it to our state partners to provide the resources they need  to protect these vital systems at the heart of our democracy.   H.R. 1 ensures states have the funding, guidance, and threat  intelligence they need to address the risks and vulnerabilities in  their systems, whether by purchasing voting machines that provide  auditable paper ballots, securing voter registration databases, or  training election officials in cybersecurity best practices.   These are all suggestions that came from the Task Force, and they  reflect guidance we heard from local election leaders like Rhode  Island's current Secretary of State, Nellie Gorbea, who is implementing  one of the first risk-limiting audits in the nation. They also reflect  the wisdom of the cybersecurity research community that has so much to  offer when it comes to shoring up our systems and networks.   With the 2020 elections right around the corner, I'm proud to support  this legislation--it's more important than ever that we act swiftly to  protect the integrity of our democracy.   