 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 247, the  Federal CIO Authorization Act of 2019, introduced by my colleague,  Congressman Will Hurd. I am happy to co-sponsor this bill, which the  House of Representatives passed last year under suspension of the  rules.   This bill rebrands the Office of Electronic Government at the Office  of Management and Budget (OMB) and helps bring it into the 21st century  by renaming it the Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer.  This new name more appropriately characterizes the important role the  Office plays across the federal government in coordinating federal  information technology (IT) policy and providing guidance to agencies.  Currently, the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government is  informally called the Federal Chief Information Officer (CIO), so it is  long overdue for Congress to make this change in statute, as this bill  will do. H.R. 247 will also rename the E-Government Fund, the ``Federal  IT Fund'' which better describes the purpose of the account.   More importantly, this bill establishes the Federal Chief Information  Security Office (CISO) within the office of the Federal CIO. The  Federal CISO (pronounced SISSO) will be appointed by the president and  be responsible for carrying out the cybersecurity duties of the OMB  Director, including the responsibilities under the Federal Information  Security Management Act (FISMA). This position was created by President  Obama to address the increasing risk of cyberattacks and the need to  better protect our government's data and information across the federal  government. However, it was not until a year and half into the Trump  Administration that the President named Grant Schneider the permanent  Federal CISO. My hope is that this position will foster effective  coordination of cybersecurity policy across the federal government,  providing agencies with guidance to secure their IT systems and better  defend against cyber-attacks.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   