 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding,  and I address this to my Republican and Democratic friends.   I am the lead Republican sponsor of this bill and I am proud to be  because, as far as I am concerned, this bill protects and helps the men  and women that we Republicans claim to care about: hardworking, middle- income people who play by the rules.   They are not looking for welfare. They are not looking for a free  ride. They have played by the rules. They are the backbone of our  communities.   They are Democrats. They are Republicans. They are Black. They are  White. They are people we rely on all the time. They have done  everything they have been asked to do.   Now, they are not high-paid CEOs. They are not big bankers. They are  ordinary, day-to-day Americans, the people we claim to represent. And  to allow them not to be taken care of, not to be protected, that this  ``not be done to me'' just flies in the face of our oath of office.   We have an obligation to these men and women who have done so much  for their country, and there is no example of malfeasance. We are not  talking about that. We are talking about changing economic conditions  that have affected these multiemployer pension plans. That is the  reality. Our economy is moving fast, so there are people getting ahead.  There are also people being left behind.   It is our duty to make sure that everyone gets the opportunity to go  forward, that those who are entering their golden years, who planned,  did everything they had to do, were asked to do, were expected to do,  that they not be left out.   It is easy to look at some actuarial chart and put on the green  eyeshade and say: Well, this may cause this; this may cause that.   In fact, even if we do that, to me, the economic loss by not  protecting these workers is far worse than whatever the cost may be.  And as Congressman Neal said, this is not a bailout. It is a backstop.  It is doing what has to be done.   And, again, they are not high-priced CEOs. They are not looking for a  free ride. They are not trying to get a tax reduction for their jet or  anything like that. They just want to get what they are entitled to,  wha they have earned, and what they played by the rules to get.    So, again, as a Republican, I am proud to stand for this and, also,  for all Republicans in my district who are proud Teamsters, proud union  members, as I was a union member.   Again, we should not be setting class against class, not talking  about union bosses and union corruption. That stuff should have gone  out in the 1930s.   We are all Americans. They are hardworking Americans. They deserve to  receive the protection that we, as Members of the Congress, can give  them.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge support of this bill.   