 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a  colloquy with the Senators from Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia, and  Pennsylvania.    Madam President, once again, I stand here on behalf of  our hard-working and patriotic coal miners. We have been here before,  and we are going to stay here until we get the job done.   Right now, retired coal miners' healthcare, pensions, and black lung  benefits are on the chopping block again, and, once again, there are  1,200 new coal miners and dependents who will lose their healthcare  coverage due to coal company bankruptcies. This could happen later this  month if the court, as expected, allows Westmoreland to shed their Coal  Act liabilities.   This has happened time after time because of the bankruptcy laws--the  inadequate bankruptcy laws--to protect the hard-working men and women  who do all the work.   At the end of last year, Westmoreland indicated they would provide 8  months of healthcare funding to the UMWA, but there was a condition. It  was dependent upon the sale of certain mines for which they have  received no qualified bids, according to documents filed in court.   Our broken bankruptcy laws are about to let another coal company  shirk their responsibilities and get out of paying for healthcare and  pensions the coal miners have earned and deserved. They have worked for  this. They have negotiated. They are not asking for a handout. They are  asking to get what they paid for, what they negotiated for, and what  they didn't take home to their families.   We have to keep our promise that was signed into law in the Krug- Lewis agreement. This goes back to 1946--1946. It is the only one of  its kind. The agreement makes sure we protect our patriotic coal  miners' healthcare and pensions.   We have the chance today to pass my bill that was cosponsored with my  colleagues, the American Miners Act, that will ensure that none of  these coal miners or their beneficiaries would lose their healthcare,  pensions, or black lung benefits.   The American Miners Act uses the same funding mechanism that the  Miners Protection Act did to protect retired miners' healthcare. It is  the same funding mechanism Congress has used time and again to protect  our miners' hard-earned healthcare after our bankruptcy courts have  ripped them away. This is not going to be a drain on the Treasury. It  does not cost the taxpayers money. We have pay-fors, and this will be  taken care of, as we have taken care of our healthcare benefits.   I am asking you to keep the promise just the way we did when we  passed the Miners Protection Act and saved the healthcare for 22,600  miners. We need to finish this job. Save the healthcare of these miners  suffering from new bankruptcies, protect the pensions of 87,000 miners  nationwide, and do it by passing the American Miners Act, which would  also ensure the future of the Black Lung Trust Fund, a lifeline for the  growing number of miners with black lung.   I don't know if you all understand the background or if you have  heard about what happened, but with the passage of the bills we are  working on, it cuts the black lung fund from $1.10 down to 50 cents.  You would think that if you were reducing it, we had found a cure, and  there is less need for the money to save our coal miners and to heal  them. That is contrary to what is happening. If anything, it is  exacerbating, and it is growing quicker, faster, and younger people are  getting this horrible disease more than ever before.   What we are asking for--my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--is  to join us here today to demonstrate our commitment to our promise.  That is all it is.   I am asking the President of the United States, President Trump,  please join in, Mr. President. I know you know the miners. I know you  have spoken eloquently about the miners and your support for the  miners. This is one way to truly support the miners, to make sure they  get what they worked for and what they have earned--what they worked  for and what they have earned. We have it paid for. It does not add one  penny to the Nation's debt. Everything is ready to go. Please call  Senator McConnell and tell him to put this on the agenda. You put it on  the agenda, Mr. President, and you have Senator McConnell put in the  amendment--a Senator from Kentucky who has an awful lot of coal miners  in his State also. I will assure you we will get it passed, and we will  do the job we should have done a long time ago for the people and  families who have given everything they have, who have patriotically  committed themselves to the energy this country has needed, and who  have defended this country every step of the way.   With that, I yield to my friend from Ohio, Senator Brown.    Madam President, I want to mention one more thing and  then I will turn it over to my colleague, my friend from West Virginia,  Senator Capito.   The reason this is so urgent, our miners' pensions are in dire need.  It goes first. They come to insolvency by 2022. What happens is we are  one bankruptcy away--one bankruptcy from one coal company--of this  thing tumbling down in 2019. When it starts tumbling, then you have the  Central States that will come right behind it, the PBGC becomes  insolvent, and then we have serious problems. That is why we are  [[Page S1310]]  working with urgency for this to be adopted and fixed now.   With that, I want to go ahead and turn it over to my friend and  colleague, the Senator from West Virginia, Mrs. Capito.    Madam President, at this time, I would like for the  former Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia and the senior Senator  from Virginia to please have the floor.    Madam President, I thank, first of all, the Senator from  Virginia for fighting for his coal miners in Southwest Virginia.   They have been out there fighting in Westmoreland, and we have 1,200  miners about ready to lose everything that we had to fight for to gain.  They are going to lose their pensions. They are going to lose, also,  the healthcare. We have to get them in the bill. We have to get our  trust fund on the black lung restored.    I am going to make one more plea to the President. I  will do that after my good friend and senior Senator from Pennsylvania  speaks about his miners, whom he supports.    Madam President, I will wrap up now, and I want to,  first of all, thank the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senators from  West Virginia and Ohio for speaking so eloquently for the people who  have worked so hard for our country.   This has been a bipartisan movement. This has been bipartisan. I  thank all of my Republican colleagues for supporting the hard-working  people they all had in their States. We all benefited from the energy  they produced for our great country, to defend ourselves in two wars.  We had the greatest economy--the only superpower in the world--because  of what they have done every day and the sacrifices they have made for  us.   Mr. President, if you are watching, if you get a copy of this tape, I  am pleading with you. I am pleading with you, Mr. President, on behalf  of 87,000 retirees: Please help us. One phone call from you to Majority  Leader McConnell to support and adopt the American Miners Act of 2019,  which is S. 27--ask him to take this up immediately. We can put it on  the bill that we are about ready to open to keep the government open or  he can take immediate action. But, Mr. President, you can make a  difference. These are people who supported you, and I know you support  them, and this is the way you can show it.   They are only asking for what they worked for. It does not cost the  government one penny of debt--not one penny of debt for the taxpayers.  We have pay-fors. It has been bipartisan. It came out of the Finance  Committee in a bipartisan movement under the leadership of Senator  Hatch. I am very grateful for that.   You will see the miners going around; they make an effort every week,  faithfully, to come here. There are real faces, real people, real  families who are involved and affected by our inaction. We are asking  for your help, Mr. President.   I yield the floor, respectfully.   