 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today, the Supreme Court heard oral  arguments in the case against the President's decision to cancel DACA,  the program that grants legal status to over 600,000 Dreamers who were  brought to this country through no fault of their own, who voluntarily  came forward and registered with the government in exchange for  protected status, who work in our factories and our hospitals, who  teach and learn in our schools and serve in our military. Before the  highest Court in the land, President Trump and his administration  cruelly argued that these Dreamers do not belong in America and must be  ripped away from their families and sent back to countries that many of  them do not even remember.   The President once tweeted: ``Does anybody really want to throw out  good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some  serving in the military? Really!'' Now the same President is saying  some Dreamers are ``very tough, hardened criminals,'' and his  administration has argued they should be deported. Donald Trump's  hypocrisy when it comes to Dreamers knows no bounds. After flip- flopping again and again on the issue and after failing to lead an  effort to pass comprehensive immigration reform, it is abjectly  shameful that President Trump is trying to get the Supreme Court to do  his dirty work and put the Dreamers under threat of mass deportation.   When the DACA Program was established in 2012, under a long tradition  of administrative discretion, it changed the lives of thousands and  thousands of Dreamers for the better, and it made our country better.  Yet, because of President Trump and his relentless scapegoating of  immigrants--his cynical use of trying to tell too many of the American  people that the Dreamers are the reason they are not doing well, which  is despicable--these hard-working and patriotic Americans are haunted  by the possibility they could be forced to leave this country at any  moment--be pulled away from their families, their jobs, their homes. It  is cruel. It is counterproductive. It undermines American values and  all that America stands for.   Thankfully, one of the first things the House Democrats did when they  won the majority was to pass a permanent legislative solution for DACA  recipients and TPS holders. It is legislation I wholeheartedly support.  Now it is up to the Supreme Court to defend the program. It is up to  Majority Leader McConnell to bring the Dream and Promise Act to the  Senate floor.   My good friend Senator Durbin, who has been a champion for Dreamers  for as long as I can remember, will ask for the Senate's consent this  evening to take up these bills. I thank him for his moral and continued  strong leadership on this issue. I could not agree more with what he is  trying to do. It is time to do the right thing for Dreamers and  enshrine DACA into law.   We will see how my Republican friends respond. After all, the House  has done its job. Where are the Senate Republicans who claim to stand  with the Dreamers? We will see this evening.   From my home in Brooklyn, I can see the great lady in the harbor who  welcomed my ancestors many years ago. If America is to remain the  greatest Nation in the world and a beacon of hope and freedom for  people everywhere--a light among nations--we must live up to our best  values. That means we must stand totally and wholeheartedly with the  Dreamers and all 11 million who now live in the shadows.   