 Madam Chair, while I do not oppose the amendment, I would  like to take advantage of the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, I appreciate that my colleague from the  Third Congressional District, Mr. Tipton, is highlighting a program  that is so deeply valued by the entire Colorado delegation, myself  included.   HAATS, as was just mentioned, offers unique training for rotary wing  pilots in power management at high altitudes. It is the only Department  of Defense aviation school that teaches pilots this skill outside of  the classroom. Students come from all over the world to receive this  incredible training.   As more skiers, hikers, and rock climbers visit Colorado, there are  more instances where outdoor enthusiasts may need to be rescued and  evacuated. And, because of the work done at HAATS, evacuations can  happen in some of the most unforgiving terrain on Earth.   Of course, as my distinguished colleague mentioned, HAATS also  provides the training for our military aviators to simulate real-world  combat scenarios to be prepared to support our men and women in  uniform.   I know I speak for the entire Colorado delegation when I say that the  work done at HAATS is critically important, and we are proud to have  such a renowned training facility headquartered in Colorado in the  Third Congressional District, as my colleague mentioned, which borders  my own beautiful congressional district, the Second.   It is also for those reasons I would just say that I do believe it is  important, as cosponsors of wilderness legislation, that we work to  ensure that the bills that we pursue don't adversely affect current or  future military transit and training in Colorado.   I would like to address the comment made by my colleague from  Colorado Springs, the distinguished gentleman, to say that the good  news is my bill that I have introduced, the CORE Act, with Senator  Bennet does not adversely affect current or future military transit and  training in Colorado, nor does it impact HAATS.    Years have been spent working constructively with representatives  from the Colorado National Guard, HAATS, the Office of the Secretary of  Defense, the U.S. Army, the U.S. Air Force, the FAA, and relevant land  management agencies to ensure that that bill in particular would allow  for continued and future military training and transit in Colorado, so  that is why I am excited that that bill is making its way to the floor.   Again, I appreciate my colleague's dedication to ensuring that the  mission of HAATS is protected. I certainly share that dedication, and I  look forward to continuing to support this program that brings so much  pride to our State, alongside my colleague, Mr. Tipton.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   