 Mr. Speaker, listening to this debate, it is  not hard to understand why things in this body don't ever get done.   Here is the deal. There are a lot of truths that are being spoken  here. We do have a debt that is completely out of control. There is no  question about it.   The gentleman from Arkansas, the gentleman from North Carolina, and  the gentleman from Utah are exactly right: $23 trillion we are leaving  to our children and our grandchildren. It is outrageous.   But my friend from Oregon is also accurate in that we are charging a  fee for a purpose that is being diverted. It is not right.   Mr. Speaker, if I ran a not-for-profit and decided that I was going  to collect funds from the public, and I said I was collecting them for  the purpose of providing healthcare to someone who needed it, and I  decided to take those funds and spend them somewhere else, there is a  word for that in the private sector. It is called embezzling, and  people go to jail for it. In Congress, we call it budgeting, and it is  wrong.   Let me go back and just summarize this. Absolutely, we need to have a  balanced budget. I would support it every single day. I support Members  of Congress not being paid until we have one. This needs to be in the  budget caps. But this has been a discussion that has been going on for  years and years and years.   As my friend from Oregon indicated, having a paper balance of $9  billion or $10 billion--and it is not like we don't have a need. We  have channels that are shoaling up that we put draft restrictions on.  We are not at the depths we need to be at to meet the new trends in  shipping.   So, yes, I am concerned about the debt, and I want to make sure we  address this. But this has been going on for far too long, that these  dollars have been diverted or embezzled.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill because we have to figure  this out and figure out how to get it up under the budget cap where it  belongs.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman  from North Carolina for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, there are two sorts of Members: There are Members who  have experienced and been through the devastation of disaster and the  constituents they represent, and there are people who will. Those are  the two types of Members we have in this body.   The gentleman from North Carolina is one of those folks who has been  through this. The people he represents have been through this. The  current disaster process that we use oftentimes revictimizes the very  disaster victims that we are trying to help, that we are trying to  save.   This legislation is very important and it is insightful. It is  insightful because, number one, it brings newer ideas and newer  technologies to the table on how we are actually going to quantify the  damage associated with disasters.   Let's not use these technologies and these techniques from the 1950s  and 1960s when it is 2019 and 2020. We need to be taking advantage of  these new technologies.   What that does, Mr. Speaker, is it results in better, more accurate  damage assessments where we are not contributing to the debt and  wasting money, as we discussed in previous legislation; it results in  faster recovery, faster response to those disaster victims who are out  there.   This legislation helps to ensure that instead of--we have had it in  my home State of Louisiana. We have had our assessors out there doing  work. We have had our State Homeland Security officials out there doing  assessments. We have had SBA, we have had HUD, and we have had FEMA,  and they all come up with different numbers, which is shocking to  learn.   The most efficient thing to do, the right thing to do, is to come up  with a common set of principles: use new technology, quantify the  disasters, inform how much money is needed and where it is needed, and  let's help get response and recovery activities moving much faster,  much better, and much more efficiently.   Let me say it again. We have got to continue to stay focused on these  disaster victims. So the faster, better, cheaper, that ends up  benefiting them. We have had all of these disconnects in different  programs because they are using different metrics and milestones.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina and I  want to thank my friend from Oregon for working together on this. It is  an important, insightful piece of legislation that is going to result  in saving taxpayer funds; a better, more efficient response; stopping  the tripping over each other; and, ultimately, moving in a direction  where you have seamless sequencing of response and recovery activities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is how legislation is supposed to work. I want to  thank my friend from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber) and I want to thank  Congressman DeSaulnier from California for introducing this bipartisan  legislation and legislation that is in direct response to an NTSB,  National Transportation Safety Board, recommendation.   Mr. Speaker, as you have just heard the committee chair cover a story  back at the San Francisco International Airport in 2017, there was an  Air Canada flight that was coming in on an occupied--on an occupied-- taxiway. They had been given a notice they misread and didn't fully  understand what they had been given or didn't fully abide by it, and  there were four to five fully loaded airliners on that taxiway.   Mr. Speaker, you can imagine the disaster that would have happened if  there had not been a last-minute diversion of the disaster that was  imminent in this case. There were four to five fully loaded planes  waiting for departure with the Air Canada flight coming in. This area  had been closed. They had been notified that it had been closed, but it  was not a message that they had properly either understood or received.  [[Page H8488]]    After the NTSB investigation, they found that we have got to find a  better way of communicating to airmen under the NOTAM or, Notice to  Airmen, alerts. So in direct response to what we have seen from the  NTSB and in direct response to what we have seen in this incident, what  this does is it brings together a group of experts in this field to  ensure that we can find a better way to apply lessons learned to make  sure that we get better and to make sure that these close calls do not  happen again.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation. I want to  reiterate the great thanks that I have to my friend from Minnesota (Mr.  Stauber) for leading this and Congressman DeSaulnier from California  for working together in a bipartisan way to ensure that we are applying  lessons learned. We are applying common sense. And that we are ensuring  the safety of air passengers across the United States and the globe.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr.  Stauber).    Mr. Speaker, just in closing, once again, I  want to thank the bipartisan work on this legislation from Mr. Stauber  and Mr. DeSaulnier. I want to thank the full committee Ranking Member  Sam Graves and Mr. DeFazio, the chairman, for all working together.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this important legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   