 Mr. President, I want to comment briefly on the proposed  constitutional amendment to eliminate the electoral college that my  colleagues are introducing this week. It is just the latest radical  proposal by the Democrats to upend our constitutional system of  government.   Why all the sudden interest in these changes? It is very simple.   The Democrats and their media wing still can't get over that they  lost the 2016 election, so they have spent the last 2 years looking for  scapegoats. First, it was the collusion hoax, but the Mueller report  has put an end to that. Now they blame the Constitution itself and want  to eliminate the electoral college, which they claim robbed the so- called popular vote winner of her rightful office.   Let's be clear about something up front: We have never had a  Presidential election with a popular vote winner or loser in the  genuine meaning of those words. It is not how we contest the  Presidency, and it never has been. Campaigns organize their entire  strategies around the electoral college. Guess what. Hillary Clinton  did too. She just didn't do it very well. For the losers to complain  afterward that they really won is like a football team that gets  outscored but says it won the game because it made more first downs or  like a basketball team that got outscored but says it won the game  because it made more free throws.   Yet let's suppose that we do change the rules of the game. Let's  suppose we get rid of the electoral college. What would we get?   Get ready for nationwide recounts and election contests. If you  thought Bush v. Gore was a circus or that California's ballot  harvesting operations were a fraud, wait until you see a nationwide  recount. Getting rid of the electoral college would also encourage  fringe third parties with all of the instability we see in European  parliamentary elections. Neither candidate received 50 percent of the  vote in 2016. Imagine an election in which a winner would not even get  40 percent of the vote. How would the Democrats respond to that?   Of course, getting rid of the electoral college could further reduce  the role of the States in our elections. The Founders believed,  rightfully, that the States were sovereign political communities that  had real interests and real views that deserved to have a voice in the  national government apart from simple, nationwide majority rule. The  Founders didn't want our vast continental Nation to be ruled like  colonies from a few coastal capitals. They wanted our one, true  national officeholder to understand and account for the diverse ways in  which we work and live and think.   Under the electoral college, which I hasten to add is just like in  the Senate, the States can express their will as States. Hawaiians get  to speak as Hawaiians about whom the President ought to be. The same  goes for Vermonters and Arkansans. Doing away with the electoral  college would be especially harmful to the small States while it would  concentrate power in big States and in a few megacities. So it is not  surprising to see Senators from California and New York and Illinois  supporting this radical proposal. They have obvious reasons to weaken  the smaller States.   I have to confess that I am a little surprised that my colleague from  Hawaii is joining their effort because it would relegate his small  island State to the status of a colony--ruled from afar by a few vast  cities on the mainland. Hawaii, with its 1.4 million people, would have  less say in our Presidential elections than would San Diego. It would  barely outpace Dallas, TX.   Politicians who support abolishing the electoral college say it would  break the supposed stranglehold that rural red States have on our  elections, but this isn't really a red or blue issue. Hawaii, Rhode  Island, Vermont, and the District of Columbia all have a greater say  about who leads our country,  [[Page S2183]]  thanks to the electoral college, and the last I checked, none of those  places are Republican strongholds nor does one party ever have a so- called stranglehold on the electoral college. It is far from it. In the  1980s, people spoke about the Republicans' electoral college lock. In  more recent times, they have spoken about the Democratic Party's blue  wall in the electoral college.   My State and New Mexico, for instance, were fiercely contested in the  Bush era--not so much anymore. In 2008, Barack Obama won Pennsylvania's  20 electoral votes in a cakewalk. Eight years later, Donald Trump eked  out a victory in the Keystone State. Next year, Ohio might not be a  competitive Presidential election State, but Texas may be. Politics can  change fast, and the electoral college changes with it, which forces  candidates to consider our entire vast country. Without it, a candidate  could actually ignore Wisconsin, yet still win.   I should also point out that my colleague's amendment this week is  not the only proposal to scrap the electoral college. A number of  States have also signed on to a so-called interstate compact that would  require those States to ignore the express will of their voters and  award their electoral votes to whoever wins the national popular vote.   It is called the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact. I would  prefer to call it the ``Small State Suicide Compact.''   It is designed to circumvent the difficult process of amending our  Constitution, which of course means it is unconstitutional. There is  already a process for changing the Constitution. It is called the  amendment process.   So I will give some praise to my colleagues this week for filing a  constitutional amendment to change the electoral college legally, but I  would point out that the Democratic Party's willingness to bypass our  Constitution to eliminate the electoral college reveals that what is at  stake here is not really democratic principle but one single thing-- power, seizing it and holding on to it.   Me? I think I will stick with the Constitution. Alexander Hamilton  said of the electoral college: If it be not perfect, it is at least  excellent.   I am with Hamilton.   I yield the floor.   