 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  holding this Special Order tonight to honor all these individuals that  did so much.   A lot of people probably watched last week on the evening news and  during the day the tornadoes that struck Ohio. And one, in particular,  struck my district in Mercer County in the city of Celina. And a lot of  folks, when I was over there, said they didn't have very much time to  react and seek shelter because of how fast the storms came on.   But I think it is really important to thank these individuals that  responded immediately to what happened.   These are our first responders, our police, our fire, our emergency  management, our emergency services out there. They are the ones that  got out there to help, and they were on the front lines, right when it  struck in the evening, and they worked all night long, all the next  morning, and straight through.   I was there a day and a half after the tornadoes struck, and it is  amazing to see how the community came together. But, again, at the same  time, it was the individuals on the ground that made sure it happened.   So, again, I just really thank all of those individuals, and also our  elected officials, for all that they did, and the countless hours that  they spent making sure that the citizens of their city of Celina and  their county of Mercer received the help that they needed.   I think it is also important, because of the resilience of the people  that lived there--and out in the community, looking at all the  destroyed homes, the damaged homes--but I think it is important,  because one of the gentlemen I talked with really had his priorities.   When he was bringing out all the damage from his home, you know, he  had told me when they built their house, and how long they had lived  there. But he said, you know what, we got out with our lives.   And all the things that he said that they were hauling out of the  house--and he just kind of pointed to it all, it was across the entire  front--he said it was just stuff. And he had his priorities, because  the families were safe, and they got out.   Unfortunately, we did have a fatality. A gentleman who was in his bed  sleeping had a car lifted up from two doors down and it crashed and  crushed him in his bed.   So, you know, it is when we have these tornadoes and we have these  disasters across the country, I think it is important that we always  remember to thank those who are on the front lines, day and night, 7  days a week, 24 hours a day, making sure that we are safe and have that  protection.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for having the Special Order  this evening, for having the ability to thank those who needed to be  thanked again and again and again for all that they do for us.   