 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last Thursday, Democrats released their  plan for a Green New Deal, although ``plan'' might be a bit of a  stretch. It is more like a wish list because while Democrats announced  their desired outcomes like getting rid of fossil fuels or upgrading  every single building in the United States, they provided no details at  all about how to get there. In particular, they failed to provide any  details on how to pay for the staggering costs of what they are  proposing to do.   Take just one provision of the Democrats' green wish list:  ``Upgrading all existing buildings in the United States and building  new buildings to achieve maximum energy efficiency, water efficiency,  safety, affordability, comfort, and durability, including through  electrification.'' That is a direct quote from the so-called plan,  upgrading all existing buildings--all existing buildings.   Well, the cost of that provision alone is practically inconceivable,  but that is just a small fraction of what the Democrats want to do.  Their wish list also includes ``meeting 100 percent of the power demand  in the United States through clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy  sources, including by dramatically expanding and upgrading renewable  power sources and by deploying new capacity; overhauling  [[Page S1179]]  transportation systems in the United States to remove pollution and  greenhouse gas emissions from the transportation sector as much as is  technologically feasible'' and much, much more, and they don't limit  themselves to energy initiatives either. They also announced that a  Green New Deal must include guaranteeing every person in the United  States a job, healthcare, paid vacations, and more.   It is possible the reason the Democrats didn't provide any details  about how to pay for their plan is because they knew that outlining the  actual cost would sink their plan from the very beginning. I cannot  even imagine the staggering amount of money that would be required to  pay for the ideas on their wish list, and that money will come from the  pockets of the American people.   Like other socialist fantasies, this is not a plan that can be paid  for by merely taking money from the rich. Actually implementing this  so-called Green New Deal would involve taking money from working  families--and not a little bit of money either.   Before the introduction of last week's absurd resolution, the Green  New Deal was modeled and projected to cost American families up to  $3,800 a year in higher energy bills, and $3,800 a year in higher  energy costs would be hard enough for most working families I meet, but  that would be just the tip of the iceberg under the Democrats' plan  because, of course, if your electricity costs are higher, then so are  your business's electricity costs, your doctor's electricity costs, the  electricity costs at neighborhood restaurants, and the electricity  costs at your gym, and all of these places are going to charge more  money to cover their cost increases so you are going to be paying more  in electric bills and more on everything else as well.   Then there is the fact that the government will not be able to pay  for one-quarter of what is outlined in the Green New Deal without  raising your taxes by a lot. There is no question that socialist  fantasies sound nice--they always do--until they end up victimizing the  very people they are meant to help.   As Ronald Reagan is reported to have said, ``Socialism only works in  two places: Heaven where they don't need it, and hell where they  already have it.''   Democrats' gauzy, nebulous proposal may sound appealing on the  surface, but it would devastate our economy and be paid for on the  backs of working families in this country. The Green New Deal would be  a very bad deal for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   