 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the  floor for up to 5 minutes.    Mr. President, it has been interesting to hear the  debate today about how heartless it would be to protect the life of a  child. The debate from the other side has come out fast and furious,  saying that S. 311 is about a child who is not viable and that somehow  we are going to put a mom through more torment with a child that is not  viable.   The plain text of this bill could not be clearer. This is not about  abortion. This is about a child who has been born alive and who is a  viable child.   Here is the interesting conversation. Many people in this country  argue about abortion--rightfully so. We are talking about the life of a  child. This, in particular, though, has a clear argument. What if an  abortion is botched, and instead of the child being killed in the womb,  they are actually delivered? Now a child is on the table who is crying,  with pink skin, 10 fingers and toes wiggling, and is reaching out. What  happens now? That is the question with this bill.   Interestingly enough, it is not the first time it has come before the  Senate. In 2002, this same issue came before the Senate. The Senate,  the House, and the President all agreed that if an abortion was botched  and the child was delivered, that child is a child. By definition, that  is a child. In 2002, what that bill did not do is define what happens  next if the life of that child is then taken after they are born.   This wouldn't be an issue because it is clearly defined in law except  for the fact that a few weeks ago, the Governor of Virginia made a  public statement saying that we need to have a law to say that we could  deliver a child, make it comfortable, and then decide what to do with  that baby. Suddenly, this becomes a national conversation.   We thought this was a resolved issue in 2002, but it is not. There is  still debate from the other side saying: Deliver the child and then  decide what to do with the life of that child.   This is not just an issue that has no consequence as well. After that  bill was passed in 2002, the CDC started analyzing birth certificates  to determine if this happens and how often it happens.   It doesn't happen often, but in a few number of States where the CDC  gathered information from, it determined there were 143 babies who were  born alive after an attempted abortion and who then died with no record  of how it happened.   Just in 5 months in 2017, the State of Arizona reported that 10  babies were born alive after an attempted abortion. This doesn't happen  often, but it does happen, and the question is, Who are we as a nation  and what are we going to do with a child who is in front of us who is  alive?   Medical professionals are called to do no harm--the Hippocratic Oath.  It is interesting to see medical professionals provide care to every  person everywhere they go. If there is a car accident, it doesn't  matter if it is their patient. They pull over and help. Interestingly  enough, at the State of the Union Address, just a couple of weeks ago,  we had a staff member in the back who passed out, and Members of  Congress who are also physicians, who were in their seats, jumped out  of their seats to go provide care because that is what physicians do.  But in the case of a botched abortion, the child is delivered and then  everyone who is a medical professional just steps back and watches the  child die and doesn't provide care. It is the reverse of the  Hippocratic Oath. We need to resolve this in our law.   If I can even make a comparison. We as people, and even soldiers in  the field, honor life. Soldiers who were trained to take life still are  also trained to honor life.   Article 12 of the Geneva Convention, which we support, says this:  ``Members of the armed forces and other persons . . . who were wounded,  sick . . . shall be respected and protected in all circumstances.''  Literally, if you are in the fight of your life on the field, as our  Armed Forces are, and you run across a wounded individual in that fight  from the other side, we give care to that person, even though they are  our enemy on the battlefield. But in an abortion clinic, that child is  not given the same care that we are demanded to give on the  battlefield.   This is a fascinating dialogue that I have had with a lot of my  colleagues. For a lot of my colleagues who are pro-abortion and who  don't see that as a life, I will often ask this simple question: When  is a life a life? What is your redline? I think that is a fair  conversation.   For myself, it is conception. When that child is conceived and they  are developing, they have unique DNA. That is a different person. For  others, they will say it is when the child is viable. For others, they  will say when the child is born.   I just ask a simple question. When the child is born, is that a  child? Is your redline birth? This bill affirms that when a child is  born, we should at least acknowledge that that is a person.   I am a dad who has cut the umbilical cord of my own daughter before.  I would be terrified to say that the child was not a child until I, as  the dad, cut the cord--that I could take that life at any moment before  that. That is not who we are as Americans.   Let's pass this. Let's protect living children.   With that, I yield the floor.   