 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this past week we saw the largest protest  in Hong Kong since 2014. Millions turned out in order to protest the  erosion of civil rights, human rights, and good governance in Hong  Kong, violating the commitment that was made during the July 1, 1997,  transfer of Hong Kong from the United Kingdom to China.   We saw China backtracking in 2014 on its electoral changes, when the  candidate for the Chief Executive had to be screened by the Chinese  Government, contrary to the commitments that were made when Hong Kong's  relationship with the United Kingdom ended.   The protests in 2014 were called the Umbrella Movement because a  large amount of protesters, who were being attacked by the police with  tear gas, were using umbrellas to protect themselves from the tear gas  itself. The ``one country, two systems'' that was developed after the  United Kingdom relinquished its control in 1997 was a commitment that  Hong Kong would be a capitalistic system and the way of life that  existed before the transfer to the Chinese would be upheld and  unchanged. That was the commitment that was given, and that commitment  has not been lived up to by China.   There is the Chinese interference we saw in 2014, and then this time  we saw the government of Hong Kong try to implement an extradition law  that provided real concern about people who disagreed with what is  happening in China and who wanted to protest about their universal  rights of being subjected to extradition to China.   This is not hypothetical; this is a real concern. Two million people  went to the streets this month in Hong Kong to protest that erosion of  rights in Hong Kong, basically at the insistence of the Chinese  Government.   This is not theoretical. Lam Wing-kee is one example. I can give many  examples. In 2015, he mysteriously disappeared. He was selling  literature in Hong Kong that was banned by the Chinese Communist Party  in China, not Hong Kong, supposedly. He disappeared from the streets  and ended up in China, in solitary confinement in one of their prisons.  He was ultimately allowed to leave with certain commitments. He decided  to flee to Taiwan and stay safe there.   There are so many other examples of individuals who are in jeopardy.  The extradition law that was being proposed really put the fear into  those people who live in Hong Kong and visit Hong Kong that if they did  anything that would upset the Chinese Government, they could be charged  with a crime in China and extradited to China, never to be seen again.   Millions turned out in protest. As a result of the protests and,  quite frankly, the international spotlight on what was happening in  Hong Kong, the government decided to withdraw the extradition--the  proposed law, but they didn't say they would withdraw it permanently  and made no commitments about any future. And, of course, the current  chief executive remains there, which is very much against the reforms  that were supposed to take place.   The United States has spoken on this issue. The United States-Hong  Kong Policy Act of 1992 allows the United States to treat the territory  as separate from the rest of China politically, economically, and  otherwise under certain conditions. Those conditions are that Hong Kong  remain sufficiently autonomous from China and that the rights of its  citizens be protected. That is specific in our law.   I question, as I think many of us do, whether Hong Kong and China are  complying with the conditions under which the United States passed the  United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 that allows for preferential  treatment in Hong Kong that is not enjoyed by China.   Last week, Senator Rubio and I, with the support of the chairman and  ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, introduced  the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. It reaffirms the act that  we passed in 1992 to make it clear that Hong Kong's recognition by the  United States and its trading relationship with the United States and  its special relationship with the United States--much different from  China--only exist if the conditions on autonomy are maintained.   Under this legislation, we require the administration to periodically  certify to us that Hong Kong is, in fact, in compliance with the  conditions of the 1992 law. If not, special exceptions would no longer  be valid. We also put into this statute sanctions against those who are  responsible for abridging the human rights of people in Hong Kong. This  is similar to what we did in regard to the Magnitsky statutes.   I am very proud of the work this Chamber did, particularly the work I  was able to do with our late colleague Senator McCain on passing the  Magnitsky laws. We first applied it to Russia. We then applied it  globally. Now we have seen other countries also apply these sanctions  where if a person violates basic, internationally recognized human  rights, that individual is denied the opportunity to visit America by  not allowing any visa or the use of our banking system. We extend those  types of sanctions in regard to those who are violating the rights of  the people of Hong Kong.   Let me point out that our foreign policy--our strength is American  values. It is the values we stand for as a nation--democracy, support  for human rights, the basic freedom of people, religious freedom. Those  are the values America brings to our engagement globally. It is  important that we be on the right side of history in regard to Hong  Kong and that the Congress and the American people stand in solidarity  with the people of Hong Kong; that we stand with them and the  commitment that was given in 1997 that Hong Kong would be different and  autonomous from China and the rights of their people would be  protected, as they were under British control.   It is important today that the Senate, the Congress, the American  people, and our government stand by those commitments and stand with  the people of Hong Kong. We saw millions show up this week to show  their support for these principles. We must stand with those people.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Casey for his  passion on this issue, and I want to thank Senators Blumenthal and  Murphy for bringing us here together.   The logic here is inescapable. I can't explain to my constituents,  nor can Senator Casey explain to his, why the universal background  check has not been on the floor of the Senate for a vote.   Let us do our will. This is an issue that we have talked about for  years. The majority leader has refused to bring this up for a vote so  that the will of the majority can prevail. That is what we are simply  asking for.   It was in February of this year that the House of Representatives  passed a bipartisan bill to deal with universal background checks. It  passed by a large majority, and we now understand the urgency of our  considering legislation.   Inaction is not an option. We have to do what we can to deal with the  crisis at hand. What is the crisis? One hundred people are killed every  day in this country by gun violence; 310 are shot, by the way; 210 are  injured; and 100 are killed every day of the week, 7 days a week.   Since the House has acted on this bill, about 11,000 Americans have  been killed. This is urgent. Every day makes a difference. In my State  of Maryland, over 180 people have been killed by gun violence since the  House passed the bipartisan universal background check legislation in  February of this year. It is the second leading cause of death among  children and first among African-American children. Rarely does a month  go by without our having another mass shooting take place here in the  United States.  [[Page S3820]]    It was 1 year ago, on June 28, in Annapolis, MD, at the Capital  Gazette, that we saw the shooting that took the lives of reporters. At  that time, I took the floor with others saying: What more does it take  for us to debate gun safety in this country? Why can't we take up  legislation and have a debate? Isn't that what our job is here in the  Senate?   The Gun Control Act of 1968 established a framework for legally  prohibiting certain categories of people from possessing firearms. The  list of prohibited persons has grown over the years, but it includes  felons, fugitives, domestic abusers, and those found by the court or  other tribunal to be seriously mentally ill. I would hope that all of  us agree that these individuals shouldn't have guns. How do you know  that they are going to get a gun without a background check?   Since the Brady Law took effect, it has blocked more than 3 million  prohibited gun sales and processed over 278 million purchase requests.  The technology is there. We know how it works. We have the FBI run a  background check. The National Instant Criminal Background Check System  is there to see whether you have been a convicted felon or are a  fugitive, a domestic abuser, or other prohibited purchasers. We have  the technology. We know that background checks work at the State level  as well.   According to the Brady Campaign, States that have expanded the scope  of their background checks have seen impressive results, including that  53 percent fewer law enforcement officers are shot and killed in the  line of duty, 47 percent fewer women are shot by intimate partners, and  cities in States with expanded background checks have seen a 48-percent  reduction in gun trafficking.   Does it solve the problem? No. Does it take a bite out of gun  violence? Yes. It is a significant improvement in dealing with gun  violence. It is part of the solution. Yet when the Brady Law was  enacted, it was before the internet. America has changed, and our  Nation's gun laws need to change with it.   Today about one out of every five gun sales is either made online,  made privately, or made at a gun show and they are not subject to the  background check which is the law. It is our responsibility to make  sure that the laws are kept up-to-date and are effective. These sales  are largely unregulated and unchecked. That is simply wrong. These  sales can avoid the background check.   Passing legislation to expand background checks to nearly every gun  sale, including those conducted online, at gun shows, and through  private transfers should be a top priority in Congress for commonsense  gun safety legislation to save lives.   I am not going to repeat the numbers that Senator Murphy and Senator  Casey mentioned about the popular support. It is over 90 percent--97  percent, the last poll showed--and by all categories, because it is  common sense. In fact, I think the public has a hard time understanding  why we haven't passed this long before now.   I agree that gun laws alone can't solve the problem, but it will make  a difference. There is no single answer, but we should take steps that  can help us deal with this crisis. Sitting on the sidelines is not an  option when our children are being killed, sometimes by other children.   Surrendering to the false logic that the problem is too big to  address falls well short of what the American people deserve and expect  us to do. They sent us here to the Senate to make tough decisions. This  isn't even a tough decision, but we have to make decisions.   From my hometown of Baltimore to many towns across America, there  have been names in the headlines because of gun-related tragedies or  mass shootings. People are calling on us to act. My message is simple:  Let's bring the bill to the floor of the U.S. Senate. Let's follow the  example of the House of Representatives. Let's not be the graveyard.  Let's be the greatest deliberative body in the world. Let's take up the  issue. Let's debate it. Let's vote on it, and let's do right for the  American people.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I take this time to underscore the points  that Senator Menendez made in regard to the vote we will have tomorrow  here on the floor of the Senate.   I really want Members to know that we are really talking about the  fundamental protection of the checks and balances in our system. I  don't think most Members know about the process we use for arms sales  and review, but I can tell you that it has been to protect the interest  of this country and the legislative branch of government. The  requirement is for consultation and notice to Congress before arms  sales are consummated.   Yes, we have a Republican President, and we have Members of Congress  who object to sales and want to get further information, and those  holds can be lifted after additional information is provided. But I  want to remind the Members of this body that it was in the last  Congress, with a Republican President, that the Republican chair of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee put holds on sales in this region  for good reason--because of the inconsistent policies we had among Gulf  States that needed to be clarified before we divided the support for  America even more in that region. Senator Corker was right in what he  did, and our country is stronger today because of what he did.   If we allow President Trump to go forward with these arms sales under  emergency circumstances, we forever could lose the ability of the  legislative branch to weigh in on arms sales.   Senator Menendez is absolutely right. Today it is a Republican  President. This should not make any difference in our respect for the  powers of the legislative branch of government and the checks and  balances that are necessary.   Senator Menendez is right about this. It has been the legislative  branch of government that has said protection of human rights is an  important ingredient.   Over and over, we find that in the State Department or in the White  House they are very transactional, and but for the legislative branch  of government, those issues would never be addressed.   Now we are going to let the President of the United States use  emergency powers--which I think almost everybody in this body would say  really does not exist--to circumvent the proper review and power of the  legislative branch of government.   And yes, in these arms sales, human rights are a major issue. Senator  Menendez points out correctly that American arms have been used to  facilitate the aerial attacks against Yemen led by the Saudis and the  coalition--and these guided missiles would be a part of that--and they  are the leading cause of civilian death in Yemen. Over 1,000 have been  killed as a result of the Saudi-led coalition attacks. We have been  given assurances over and over--which has not happened--that they will  be better at it.   We also know that there is not a military solution to the Yemen  crisis. America's military involvement only makes the circumstances  worse. It is one of the worst humanitarian disasters that we have seen  in recent times. We need to disengage on the military side. By allowing  the President to use these emergency powers, we make the circumstances  worse.   Lastly, I remember the outrage of every Member of this House on Jamal  Khashoggi's tragic death. Everyone was saying that we have to hold  accountable those responsible for those actions. But listen to what  Senator Menendez said. Today, Agnes Callamard, the Special Rapporteur  for extrajudicial executions, released the findings of her  investigation into the October 18 killing of Jamal Khashoggi, a person  who lived in the United States and was brutally murdered. The Special  Rapporteur noted that there was evidence that the responsibility of  Khashoggi's murder extends beyond the 11 individuals currently on trial  for the murder in Saudi Arabia, points in the direction of the Royal  Family, and points out that further investigation is warranted of high- level Saudi officials, including the Crown Prince. And we are going to  go ahead and allow the President to conduct arms sales?   We have strategic relations with other countries. That is fine, but  it has to be embedded in our principles--the strength of America, our  values. If we allow business to be as usual--that you can take a person  who was under protection of our country as a resident and allow that  person, a journalist, to be murdered, and we know who is responsible  and we don't take action--what message are we sending to the global  community? Where is America's leadership?   Senator Menendez is giving us an opportunity to say: Yes, we believe  in the legislative branch of government as a check and balance on  whoever is in the White House, whether it be a Democrat or a  Republican, or a Democratic- or Republican-controlled Senate. We  believe in the checks and balances in our system. It serves a purpose,  and we are not going to let the President use emergency powers when  that does not exist.   On these particular sales, there are human rights issues that demand  that we do not approve these sales. That is what is at stake in this  vote.   I take this time to plea to my colleagues: Recognize that what we are  voting on is not whether we support the President of the United States.  It is whether we support our responsibilities as Members of the Senate  and we take the necessary action to protect the powers of checks and  balances and to make the right decisions about American values and  human rights.   I yield the floor.   