 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I don't  disagree with everything that is in the Senator's bill--far from it. I  agree with much of it, but it does have several critical flaws, and it  is not ready for prime time.   In most, if not all, States, it is already illegal to prevent or try  to prevent lawful voters from trying to register to vote. We all agree  that every qualified voter should have an opportunity to register for  an election. But this proposal is written so broadly that it would  prevent election officials from rejecting the registration of an  illegal immigrant. It could prevent poll workers from stopping a 16- year-old from voting in an election. In other words, this would  seemingly make it illegal for voting registration officials to actually  do their job.   I assume it is not intentional, but it is obviously a big problem.  Other sections of the bill create significant First Amendment concerns.  It would create criminal penalties for political speech that misstates  endorsements a candidate has received. Nobody approves of lying, but  there are enormous problems when the Federal Government starts sending  people to jail for what they say. Even the ACLU opposes my colleague's  bill because this bill is so anti-First Amendment.   Just a few days ago, Secretary Hillary Clinton claimed that a former  third-party candidate was a Russian asset and that a Democratic  Presidential candidate she doesn't like is Russia's preferred candidate  in the upcoming election. Should Mrs. Clinton have violated Federal law  because she perhaps misstated a political endorsement as a way of  making a political point? We don't want to start down the road where  the Federal Government referees free speech.   I believe there is an appetite on both sides of the aisle for making  good policy that honors the principle behind my colleague's bill, but  this version has enormous problems, is nowhere near ready to pass by  unanimous consent, and I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been a year since the United  States, Mexico, and Canada agreed to the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade  Agreement, the replacement for NAFTA and the modernization for the  NAFTA agreement that has been so important to all three of our  countries. In fact, we are coming up on 1 year since it was signed by  leaders of all three countries. In fact, the country of Mexico has  ratified the USMCA. Canada is waiting for the United States to take the  next step so they, too, can ratify this very important trade agreement.   This agreement between the three countries on the North American  continent is estimated to add $68.2 billion to the U.S. economy and  create 176,000 new jobs. The USMCA would also increase exports to  Canada by 5.9 percent, to a total of $19.1 billion, and shipments to  Mexico by 6.7 percent, or $14.2 billion. Imports from Canada and Mexico  would rise by 4.8 and 3.8 percent, respectively.   But the ratification process has to begin with the Democrats in the  House under the trade promotion authority with which this deal was  struck. The Democrats leading the House seem to be more focused on  taking away one person's job than creating 176,000 new ones here in the  United States. It is time for Speaker Pelosi to act on something that  is nearly unanimously agreed to.   While not every person agrees to it, I don't think there is any  question that if she would bring up the USMCA for a vote in the House,  it would pass. We know that when it comes over to the Senate, it will  pass here for many good reasons--for the reasons I already stated, for  economic reasons and job creation reasons.   But I also want to add that passage of the USMCA is important to  negotiations with other countries. Having Mexico, Canada, and the  United States in one accord adds leverage to the President's  negotiations with China, especially now that we have a bilateral trade  deal with Japan that President Trump has negotiated so effectively, and  when working with other neighbors and allies on other bilateral trade  agreements. All of this adds to leverage in negotiating with China.   I want to speak for a couple of minutes about the specifics to my  State of North Dakota. We are a border State with Manitoba and  Saskatchewan in Canada, and our northern border is by far our biggest  trading partner. In 2017, my State of North Dakota exported $5.8  billion worth of goods to the global marketplace. Those exports  contributed to 28,000 jobs. Of that $5.8 billion, we exported $4.9  billion of goods to Canada. That is 84 percent of North Dakota's  exports that go to our northern neighbor, Canada. When adding Mexico  into that equation, that is 88 percent of the value of North Dakota's  exported goods and services going to USMCA countries.   Farmers and manufacturers can be very pleased with the renegotiated  terms that will now benefit them directly with a commitment from Canada  to reduce trade distorting policies and improve transparency, something  that we have a little issue with in the original NAFTA.   In addition, the new agreement assures nondiscriminatory treatment  for agricultural products standards--a major win for our farmers.  Specifically for North Dakota, I spoke directly with President Trump  concerning the biased Canada grain grading issue and wrote a line he  actually used in a speech.   I worked closely with U.S. Trade Representative Lighthizer and chief  agriculture negotiator Doud to ensure that our grain growers were  relieved of the unfair practice of grading North Dakota grain as sub- par feed. This is estimated to double U.S. exports of grain to Canada.   North Dakota grain growers deserve better, and they will now be  recognized properly if we can get the House of Representatives to bring  the USMCA up for a vote.   Our manufacturing workforce will be pleased with the automotive and  machinery provisions that are included in this deal. Going forward,  vehicles are mandated to have 75 percent of North American content to  be imported without tariffs, compared to 62.5 percent. Also, at least  40 percent of a vehicle eligible for duty-free importing must have been  built by workers earning at least $16 an hour. This is a big win for  labor. This wage requirement will ensure that the market is not being  flooded by cheap labor, particularly from south of the border.   Renegotiating and reorganizing NAFTA into the USMCA was an essential  move for our State, given the economic relationship and mutual reliance  North Dakota and Canada share as neighbors. I applaud President Trump  for securing his promise to approve a superior deal for our State and  our country. It is my sincere hope that the House and Senate will act  to ratify this agreement as soon as possible in order to cement this  win for our country.   We must demand that Speaker Pelosi set petty partisan politics aside,  even if just for a day, to bring this important ratification up to the  House so it can be passed and sent to the Senate so we can be on our  way to a new, improved, modern U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   