 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1941, a  bill that would permanently block responsible oil and gas development  in the Atlantic and Pacific planning areas.   As a Representative from a district that has overwhelming amounts of  Federal land, I often find myself engaged with my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle about the importance of allowing local leaders  to be able to manage the lands that are around them, making decisions  about what happens on those public lands that surround their  communities.   The argument I am met with is that public lands belong to all  Americans, to benefit all Americans.   And it is true, the responsible energy development that happens on  public lands in my district benefits all Americans in the form of  reliable and low-cost energy sources, but we are here today debating a  bill that would put the wishes of some States to close off submerged  lands under Federal land jurisdictions ahead of the interests of all  Americans.   When it comes to local control, why should local coastal States lead  the way while landlocked Western States are told time and again that  the Federal Government knows what is best?   I have been a longtime advocate for an all-of-the-above energy plan  in the U.S. This means wind, solar, geothermal, hydropower, natural  gas, oil, oil shale, and minerals.   An InsideClimate News article from January of last year outlined the  investments offshore oil and gas companies are making in wind energy  due to market demand and to the unique position that they are in,  having already made significant onshore infrastructure investments.   According to a 2017 Wood Mackenzie study, annual revenues from wind  and solar could represent one-twelfth of the revenues in oil and gas by  2035 as some major oil and gas companies seize opportunities in the  wind power market.   If the goal of my friends on the other side of the aisle is to reduce  our country's reliance on fossil fuels, why push policies that cut off  the source of the investment of oil and gas companies that are making  renewable energy? We should be supporting industry and market-led  shifts to renewable energy, not imposing drastic policies like H.R.  1941 that hamstring these efforts.   Finally, earlier this year, the House and Senate overwhelmingly  passed a public lands package that permanently authorized the Land and  Water Conservation Fund. All States benefit from the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, so we can't ignore the fact that the bill we are  debating today would cut off the source of funding for the program,  which, as we all know, is offshore oil and gas revenues.   There have been many calls from my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle to be able to pass a measure that will provide for mandatory  funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. How can we push for  mandatory Land and Water Conservation Fund funding and, at the same  time, advocate for a bill that completely cuts off Land and Water  Conservation Fund sources?   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the underlying  bill.   