 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution and in  opposition to the administration's ban on openly transgender  individuals in the armed services.   Throughout history, each time we expand who may join the armed  services to better reflect the diversity of our Nation, the same tired  and disproven arguments are brought back: that any individual within a  new group, regardless of their ability, is unfit to serve and that they  will disrupt unit cohesion. We heard these arguments with respect to  Black and Latino men; women; and gays, lesbians, and bisexuals.   But we know that is simply untrue. There are no issues with  transgender individuals serving in our military. You don't have to take  my word for it. The service chiefs of all five branches of our military  have testified that there have been zero instances of transgender  servicemembers hurting cohesion or readiness since the ban was first  lifted.   The conservative obsession with targeting and attacking transgender  individuals in all areas of American life is cruel and immoral. It is  astonishing that, after years of ``support our troops'' demagoguery  from my colleagues across the aisle, they would choose to turn their  backs on Active-Duty servicemembers and vote to specifically deny them  medically prescribed care.    After 2\1/2\ years of transgender servicemembers serving with no  issues, there is one reason and one reason alone for this  administration to be bringing back a ban on transgender servicemembers:  to force a bigoted agenda on the military that they cannot force on the  rest of the American people.   Mr. Speaker, much of the history of this country is the history of  expanding our understanding of whom the Declaration of Independence  meant when it said that all men are created equal. It didn't mean, in  1776, Black men; it certainly didn't mean women; it didn't mean Native  Americans; and it didn't mean LGBTQ people. We have come to the point  where we understand, at least aspirationally, it means all of those  things.   This resolution gives us a choice:   Do we join the march? Do we continue the march to expand the meaning  of the Declaration of Independence to declare equality for everyone  regardless of specific characteristics, or do we join that dreary  procession of slavers, confederates, racists, and misogynists who have  dragged this country through the mud and have besmirched the ideals of  the Declaration of Independence?   That is our choice today. Let's take the right one.   