 Mr. Speaker, today's life expectancy rate in our Nation is  at a historic high, and that is great news. It also means we need to be  doing all we can to ensure that Americans have access to quality,  timely services which allow them to live independently in their homes  as long as possible.   Since 1965, the Older Americans Act, or OAA, has governed the  organization and delivery of services for senior citizens throughout  the country. With more than 41 million Americans aged 65 and older, the  social and nutritional programs offered by OAA are critical to helping  them maintain independence.   The reach of this law is substantial and covers many aspects of elder  care. In addition to well-known programs like Meals on Wheels, OAA  supports services provided by more than 300 State organizations and  approximately 20,000 local providers. Some of these services include:  Nutrition programs providing meals at senior centers, schools and  churches; care to prevent the abuse, neglect, and exploitation of  seniors; family caregiver support systems; and community service  employment opportunities for older Americans. These types of programs  offer valuable assistance for America's seniors, and we must ensure the  law is aging as well as the people it serves.   I am proud that our committee has worked together to produce  bipartisan, effective legislation to support our Nation's seniors.  Specifically, the Dignity in Aging Act we are considering today  eliminates the arbitrary cap on the percentage of funding Area Agencies  on Aging can use to provide services to older caregivers raising  younger relatives. These provisions will be especially beneficial for  my constituents in Kentucky where, in the midst of the opioid crisis,  many older relatives have taken on the responsibilities of raising  children whose parents are not present or unable to take care of them.   As an original cosponsor of this legislation, and the ranking member  of the subcommittee of jurisdiction, I appreciate the work of  Chairwoman Bonamici, and my colleagues on the Committee on Education  and Labor to advance the Dignity in Aging Act of 2019.   I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation to build upon  the flexible policies found in the Older Americans Act to promote  consumer-driven, independent living for our Nation's elderly  population.   