 Mr. Speaker, it has been more than 100 years since the  atrocities committed against innocent Armenians and other ethnic and  religious minorities at the hands of the Ottoman Empire.   The Ottoman Empire genocidal campaign from 1915 to 1923 killed 1.5  million Armenians, men and women and children, as well as Greeks,  Assyrians, Chaldeans, and Syriacs throughout a series of executions and  death marches.   Finally, today, we are entering into the United States Record the  Armenian genocide and the historical fact.   Today, we end a century of international silence. There will not be  another period of indifference or international ignorance to the lives  lost to systematic murder.   Genocides, wherever and whenever they occur, cannot be ignored,  whether they took place in the 20th century by the Ottoman Turks or  mid-20th century by the Third Reich and in Darfur.   Genocide must be acknowledged for what it is: a scourge on the human  race.   Genocide is genocide, Mr. Speaker, even if our so-called strategic  allies perpetrated it.   President Ronald Reagan explicitly referred to the Ottoman Empire's  actions as the genocide of the Armenians in a 1981 Holocaust  Remembrance Day speech.   Over 30 nations have formally recognized the genocide, including  France, Germany, and even Russia. Today, Mr. Speaker, the United States  is going to acknowledge it as well.   I found Pope Francis' words and explicit use of the term ``genocide''  to be another wake-up call for the world. We must acknowledge the  atrocities of the past so that we might, hopefully, prevent them in the  future.   Our darkest moments as a human race have come during times when those  who knew better stood silently, making excuses for passivity and  allowing injustice and persecution to reign.   Turkey's current actions in northern Syria against our Kurdish allies  is extremely concerning, and we cannot  [[Page H8564]]  stand by and let egregious human rights violations happen. Turkey's  offensive into Syria is unacceptable behavior from a U.S. ally and so- called secular democracy, as well as a NATO member. It is simply  deplorable, Mr. Speaker.   We also need to make sure that other genocidal campaigns being waged  in the Middle East are also properly recognized. ISIS is a perpetrator  of genocide. Christians and other minorities are being killed solely  because of their religion, and no modern society should sit silently in  the face of such barbaric brutality.   Again, I am thankful that we are finally recognizing these atrocities  and these acts against the Armenian people. Like the earliest  Christians, the Armenians proved themselves not only survivors of  persecution, but also masters of their destinies.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I offer congratulations again to Chairman  Engel and Ranking Member McCaul for this very important Turkey  sanctions bill.   Mr. Speaker, for nearly 13 years, I have felt like I have been one of  the lone voices in the wilderness decrying the actions of Turkey as it  systematically denies its citizens basic human rights by invading and  occupying an EU country, the Republic of Cyprus; stripping religious  minorities of their religious freedom; persecuting journalists and  academics for writing about the Armenian genocide; and invading and  provoking hostilities on a daily basis in the Eastern Mediterranean.   As co-chair of the International Religious Freedom Caucus, I am  especially grateful for this PACT Act calling for the administration to  outline how it will assist religious and ethnic minorities affected by  war crimes perpetrated by Prime Minister Erdogan.   Additionally, in my role as co-chair of the Hellenic Caucus, I have  called for the administration to halt the delivery of F-35s to Turkey,  given its purchase of Russia's S-400 missile defense system.   I am pleased this bill goes further and imposes 231 sanctions for  Turkey's intransigence.   I urge support of this legislation so that we can send a unified,  bipartisan message to Turkey that, if you want to be considered a  strategic ally of the United States, a true ally, you have to act like  one.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the chairman, the ranking member,  and the entire Foreign Affairs Committee for bringing up this very  important bill.  [[Page H8575]]        