 Mr. President, I rise today to ask the Senate to confirm  Mr. Chad Wolf to be the Under Secretary of the Office of Strategy,  Policy, and Plans at the Department of Homeland Security.   The Under Secretary of the Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans  leads an office of over 150 employees with an annual budget of over $37  million to develop and implement DHS policy, long-term goals, and  strategic plans. Chad Wolf has extensive experience in homeland  security policy, starting in 2002 working as the chief of staff helping  to stand up the new Transportation Security Administration after 9/11  and then as the Assistant Administrator for that agency.   He left government and spent over a decade working on homeland  security policy issues as a consultant in the private sector. Mr. Wolf  returned to public service and the Department of Homeland Security in  2017, serving as chief of staff at TSA, chief of staff to the  Secretary, and now as the Assistant Secretary of Strategy, Plans,  Analysis & Risk. Since February of this year, he has been the senior  official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of the Office of  Strategy, Policy, and Plans, the office for which we are now  considering his nomination.   The Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs  approved his nomination on a bipartisan basis on July 24. As we all  know, the Department has a number of Senate-confirmed leadership  positions vacant. Currently, 7 of the 18 DHS offices requiring Senate  confirmation are vacant. Three of those vacant positions have nominees  that have been languishing on the Senate floor for months after being  approved by my committee with bipartisan support.   Mr. Wolf's nomination has been pending in the Senate for almost 9  months. Troy Edgar, the nominee to be the Department's Chief Financial  Officer, has been pending in the Senate for 8 months, and William  Bryan, the nominee to be Under Secretary for Science and Technology,  has been pending for over 4 months. All three nominees were approved by  my committee with bipartisan support. We are holding a hearing to  consider Mr. Peter Gaynor as the President's nominee to head FEMA this  week.   Dedicated Americans serving at DHS in acting positions are doing  admirable jobs under oftentimes difficult circumstances. I trust that  Chad Wolf will do the same if he is asked to step aside from his role  as Under Secretary to serve temporarily as Acting Secretary upon Kevin  McAleenan's departure.   I fully expect and I call upon the President to nominate a permanent  Secretary for the Department of Homeland Security. When he does, my  committee will consider the nominee expeditiously. We need confirmed  leadership at DHS to help direct the Department as it works to keep  Americans safe.   We need confirmed leadership at DHS to help direct the Department as  it works to keep Americans safe. I am grateful to Chad Wolf for his  willingness to serve in this position, and I encourage my colleagues to  support his confirmation.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   