 Madam Speaker, our Founders intentionally did not embrace  recalls or votes of no confidence. Rather, we demand from Congress  evidence of high crimes and misdemeanors.   While my colleagues are free to dislike the President, and while they  may reasonably view the infamous phone call and negotiations with  Ukrainians as something less than perfect, they are not free to impeach  for something less than a high crime and misdemeanor.   In just over 10 months, though, the people are free to decide, and we  should let them.   Madam Speaker, the eyes of the world are upon us. The press galleries  are full. Our floor is filled with Members. When will we give the world  something better than this?   My colleagues wax eloquent about the Constitutions they found under  mothballs. Where is the respect for the Constitution when the people's  House daily refuses to do its actual job while shredding federalism and  limited government?   Today, in Mexico, a young girl will be abused while being trafficked  toward our open borders, while some yell ``kids in cages'' and play  race politics in the false name of compassion.   Today, in New York, a young mother will be coerced into abortion by  taxpayer-funded Planned Parenthood, while we allow the genocide of the  unborn in the false name of choice.   Today, across America, diabetics will struggle to afford insulin due  to a healthcare system ravished by government and insurance bureaucrats  empowered in the false name of coverage.   Today, our children inherit $100 million of debt an hour, borrowed in  the false name of what government can provide.   It is this conduct by Congress failing to do its jobs that should be  impeached. One might ask if America would be better off taking the  first 435 names out of the phonebook to represent us in the United  States House than what is on display here today.   Today is not a dark day because the American people know this:  America is great. Washington is broken. And we are taking our country  back   