 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Department of  State Authorization Act of 2019.   For our government to function as efficiently and effectively as  possible, it is critical for us to revisit the resources and  responsibilities of each department from time to time. As everyone has  noted, but it is worth repeating, it has been 17 years since we enacted  a comprehensive authorization bill for the State Department.   H.R. 3352, which enjoys broad bipartisan support, will bring our  diplomacy into the future and save valuable taxpayer dollars by  reasserting congressional authority, streamlining programs, eliminating  duplicative reporting, and requiring measurements of programs' success.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel and lead Republican McCaul for  including my bill, the Energy Diplomacy Act, in H.R. 3352.   Since 1977, when Congress formally gave the Secretary of State  primary authority over energy-related foreign policy, there have been  significant changes in the global energy landscape:   The United States is now the world's top producer of petroleum  natural gas;   We have also seen increased weaponization of energy by Russia against  our EU and NATO allies, transforming energy into a critical national  security issue.   This new challenge requires reaffirmed dedication and focus. The  Energy Diplomacy Act does just that by  [[Page H7436]]  authorizing an Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources and  defining our energy security and diplomatic priorities.   This will ensure the State Department has adequate personnel to carry  out its mandate and protect and advance the energy security interests  of the United States, as well as those of our allies abroad.   Finally, this will advance U.S. energy exports by instructing our  diplomats to work in tandem with U.S. energy companies operating  abroad.    Combating Russia's maligned influence in Europe has been at the  forefront of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs' agenda this year,  and I firmly believe pushing back on Russia's energy dominance in  Europe must be part of our strategy.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Engel), the chair, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), the lead  Republican, for including the Energy Diplomacy Act in this bill, and I  urge my colleagues to support the Department of State Authorization  Act.   