 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding the  opportunity to speak about H.R. 1.   You have heard it called the ``Welfare for Politicians Act''; you  have heard it called the ``Democrat Politician Protection Act''; and  you have heard it called a very partisan proposal to hijack elections.  I think it may be all those things.   Historically, elections are based on three principles: number one is  fairness to everybody who votes, number two is that every vote counts,  and number three is that every voter should have the assurance or the  confidence that their vote was counted equally and was not compromised  in one way or the other. This bill does none of those things. If it  did, and if it was at all fair, it would have bipartisan support.   In 2000, after the contentious election between Bush and Gore, I was  chairman of the elections committee in the Florida Senate and charged  with reforming the election laws.   Working with the minority leader at the time, Steve Geller, we did  some historic things. We pioneered the provisional ballot. We pioneered  early voting. We got rid of punch cards and went to precinct-based  optical scanners that they said would cost Republicans 100,000 votes  statewide. It seems like the Republicans knew how to vote and the other  side didn't.   We did those things because it was fair and it was the right thing to  do. And as a result, for the past 19 years, our elections have worked  very well down there, except for two counties, very highly partisan  counties who didn't follow the rules.   The measure of credibility for election bills is whether or not you  have bipartisan support. Our legislation passed nearly unanimously, if  not unanimously. Here, this is very one-sided. It is not fair. If it  were fair, you would have a lot of support from this side.   And so I am for the other side to try and consider fairness a little  bit in this process so we don't go from one regime to another, back and  forth with election law that is not stable, is not good for the voters,  is not good for the United States of America.   