 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, this is the  fourth impeachment proceeding against an American President and the  most serious.   The President committed numerous crimes, threatening the national  security.   Ultimately, the matter before us today is not a question of fact, for  the evidence is undisputed, nor is it a question of law, as the  Constitution is clear.   The heart of the matter is this: Will Members of this House have the  courage to choose fidelity to the Constitution over loyalty to their  political party?   For the sake of our Constitution and our country, for Americans today  and tomorrow, I urge all Members to summon the courage to uphold the  rule of law and vote ``yes.''    BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, this is the  fourth impeachment proceeding against a president of the United States,  and the most serious.   President Trump committed numerous crimes. He conditioned two  official acts, hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid and an  Oval Office meeting, on getting help for his campaign in return. When  his scheme was publicly exposed, he did everything possible to obstruct  the investigation.   Congress voted to grant hundreds of millions of dollars in military  aid to our ally Ukraine because it is both morally right and in our  national interest to stand with them in their fight to preserve their  independence against Russian aggression. I was one of the members of  Congress who advocated and voted for this military aid. It was never  intended to become a bargaining chip for the President to use to get  foreign help for his re-election campaign.   The factual evidence is clear and convincing. It was reinforced by  the testimonies of every single fact witness, all of whom are career,  nonpartisan public servants or Trump appointees.   So, the matter before us, ultimately, is not a question of fact, for  the evidence is undisputed. Nor is it a question of law, as the  Constitution is clear. The heart of the matter is this: will Members of  this House have the courage to choose fidelity to the Constitution over  loyalty to political party?   The Constitution has endured for more than two centuries, not just  because of the brilliance of our founders, but because of the  commitment of generations of Americans to uphold it. For the sake of  our Constitution, and the sake of our country, for Americans today and  tomorrow, I urge all Members to have the courage to vote yes.   