 Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about what we  will be talking about around the country and around the world tomorrow.  Tomorrow is the 75th anniversary of D-Day. There aren't a lot of days  known in history around the world by just one letter, but June 6, 1944,  is known that way. It is the greatest amphibious battlefield landing  ever and probably the single greatest military operation in history. It  was done to liberate people in Europe from one of the most savage  regimes that ever existed.   At 15 minutes past midnight, 18,000 paratroopers began to step out of  their planes high above Normandy, France, going in behind what would be  the landing the next day. Below them, there were about 200,000 people  streaming toward the Continent on almost 7,000 ships, with about 1  million others to follow after that landing was made on D-Day.   A journalist who wrote about the battle noted that by 4:30 that  morning, the Stars and Stripes flew for the first time over a town  liberated by Americans in France in World War II.   So a lot happened from midnight to 4:30, but a lot more was going to  happen that day. Americans led the operation, but there were also  troops from Britain, from Poland, from Norway, from Canada, and even  French troops returning to help free their own country were there. They  were told that when you land in Normandy, you will have only one  friend: God. I am sure there was lots of praying going on that day.  [[Page S3239]]    It became known in literature and on film as ``The Longest Day,'' and  it gave the Allies the threshold they needed to free the Continent from  the crush of the Third Reich. There was clearly chaos--that many people  doing that many things in that many different ways. There were  missteps, and there was bad luck, but in the end, there was an  unimaginable amount of courage and sacrifice and just simple providence  in what happened that day.   When one landing group was landed in the wrong place, a place they  weren't supposed to land, the commanding general, Theodore Roosevelt,  who was the son of the former President Theodore Roosevelt, told one of  his officers just to keep on bringing the men ashore. He said: ``We are  going to start the war from right here.'' It is not where they intended  to be, but it is where they were, and in their view and General  Roosevelt's view that day, where we are is where we are going to start;  there is no going back now. They didn't go back.    One of the men who joined the fight that day--and there were millions  who would eventually--with hundreds of thousands that day was Ralph  Goldsticker from the Marine Corps Reserve.   He had signed up for the Army Aviation Cadet Corps right after Pearl  Harbor. He said, when talking about this later, that his parents were  scared silly when they found out he had signed up immediately to become  a flyer in what would become World War II.   He flew 35 missions as a bombardier flying in a B-17 Flying Fortress,  including two missions on D-Day. His first mission that day was to help  take out the big German guns that guarded the beach where British  troops were landing. He remembers the skies being so thick with  airplanes that he had to fly from southern England all the way back to  Scotland just to get in line to head to France.   Later that afternoon, he flew a second mission to attack German  reinforcements who were headed to the beaches. Ralph was awarded the  French Legion of Honor medal in recognition of his service.   You know, he was just one of thousands of Missourians from the lowest  private to General Omar Bradley, who was commanding the American troops  who were part of that mission, and many of them would never return.   We just had a series of votes a little earlier than we would normally  have in the week because 17 or so of our colleagues are going to be  part of the D-Day celebration on this 75th anniversary. I had an  opportunity myself to be in Normandy a few years ago. We were in  Normandy at the Normandy American Cemetery, where there were 7,000  graves out in front of us.   On what was a private trip, not a government trip, we were fortunate  to have a good guide who understood the war and the cemetery. He took  us through the cemetery, and then he took us over and sat us down on  the stone wall with the English Channel to our backs and those 7,000  graves out in front of us. As we sat there at that spot, he flipped  open his computer and on his computer he had some video of General  Eisenhower and Walter Cronkite sitting exactly on that same spot on  June 6, 1964, the 20th anniversary of D-Day.   General Eisenhower, of course, gave the orders in spite of weather  and other things, hoping it would work out as it was supposed to. As  for what happened on D-Day and what happened later, he said to Walter  Cronkite something like this: You know, Walter, my son John graduated  from West Point on D-Day. Many times over the last 20 years I thought  about him and his wife and the family they have and the opportunities  they have had, and I thought about these young men--Eisenhower said,  looking at those graves--and I thought about these young men and what  they didn't get to do because of what they were asked to do.   That, by the way, was the same commanding general who had that famous  note in his wallet that day, stating that he would take full  responsibility for what happened if it didn't go well. That was the  kind of leader he was.   I mentioned that there were 18,000 paratroopers. He was told that 70  percent of those paratroopers would not survive the day. There is a  statue here in the Rotunda of this building that is based on a photo of  Eisenhower the day before D-Day, surrounded by those young  paratroopers. They were 18, 19, and 20, and maybe even a few younger  than 18 surrounding him. They had been told that he wouldn't want to  talk to them, but when he got there, it was obvious that he was there  to see them. That statue in the Rotunda shows Eisenhower making a  gesture. Nobody knew for years what that particular hand gesture was,  but it turns out that he was talking to a young man from Idaho, and he  was talking about fly fishing. So that gesture of Eisenhower in this  building, if you are in this building looking at that statue, is  Eisenhower the day before D-Day, talking to a young man about fly  fishing. Again, he had been told that 70 percent of those paratroopers  would not survive the day because of what he and others were asking  them to do.   The numbers weren't that bad, but they turned out to be plenty bad.  The Germans had released water in an area behind Normandy in an  unexpected way. So many of those paratroopers who expected to land on  the ground instead went into flooded lands and drowned. Other things  happened that couldn't have been planned for and weren't planned for,  but they were there to do that job.   The fighting that first day, D-Day, paved the way for more men to  come ashore. It began the long push from France into Germany and, for  them, into history. I think there will be slightly more than a dozen D- Day survivors at that 75th anniversary. You don't have to do the math  very long to know that if you were in the military on D-Day, you would  be in your nineties today, and they are going to be there with our  colleagues and others celebrating what they did and what they were  willing to do.   One observer wrote on D-Day: There never had been a dawn like this  one--700 ships, 200,000 people ready to land and establish the  beginning of the end of World War II. So on D-Day, we remember again  the sacrifice of those thousands of soldiers, sailors, and airmen. We  honor their courage and devotion to the cause of liberty. We serve them  by continuing to remain strong and preparing to fight for freedom  everywhere. That means doing all we can for the men and women who  defend us today. It means we carry the legacy of the generations that  fought 75 years ago on D-Day and every other war where Americans fought  and died.   They deserve our gratitude today and every day. We need to continue  to understand the importance of our alliances and our willingness to  stand for freedom. D-Day is a great day and this is a great, great week  to be reminded of that.   I yield back.   