 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to first of all thank Senator Hirono  for introducing one of the most important bills this session. It is all  about collective bargaining rights. It is all about workers' voices  being heard and all about the dignity of work.   Just last week I was with Senator Hirono with a number of her  constituents from her State, and they talked about her support for  manufacturing or especially her support for workers. I was particularly  pleased when she mentioned the Communications Workers of America. I  have staff with me on the floor--some of my Ohio staff, including my  State director, who came out of the CWA. I know how important workers'  rights are. So I thank Senator Hirono for introducing this bill. If we  did nothing this session but pass that legislation, it would be a huge  victory for workers.   Unfortunately, we have a Supreme Court that puts its thumb on the  scales of justice in every case, choosing corporations over workers,  choosing Wall Street over consumers, choosing, in far too many cases,  health insurance companies over sick people. And today's Supreme Court  case is aimed and targeted directly at States like mine, Ohio, a State  that is a swing State and has 12 Republican House Members, 4 Democratic  House Members and has had that same configuration of 12 and 4 for 4  State elections because of redistricting. But it is no surprise, with  the Supreme Court deciding that they were  [[Page S4618]]  going to put their thumb on the scale of justice again, against voting  rights, against civil rights. That is what has happened in support of  corporate money.   So dark money has affected the special-interest Supreme Court. We  have never seen a Supreme Court in my lifetime that is this beholden to  corporate interests, that is this beholden to billionaire contributors,  that is this beholden to special interests. We have never seen a Court  like this.   What does this mean? It means that instead of citizens choosing their  elected officials, it is politicians choosing whom they represent. That  is why you get these districts that will stay 12-to-4 Republican, where  voters have no real say in these elections because of the way it is  lined up.   We have a Supreme Court that is hostile to voting rights, hostile to  worker rights, hostile to women's rights, hostile to LGBTQ rights. That  is what this Supreme Court has given us, as Senator McConnell, in his  office down the hall, continues to push judges like this who don't look  toward the public interest. They are always looking toward rewarding  their billionaire contributors.   Again, I thank Senator Hirono for her work.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  members of my staff from Ohio and Washington be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the day: Diana Baron, Mary Topolinski,  Shilesha Bamberg, Alea Brown, John Patterson, Joe Gilligan, Ann  Longsworth Orr, and John Ryan.   