 Mr. President, as of now, there are zero climate  proposals coming from Senate Republicans--none. So it becomes  extraordinarily difficult to debate climate change when only one  political party is committed to fixing it. I can't underscore this  enough. I don't know if I can sort of stage direct the C-SPAN cameras,  but if I can--if they would pan out--they would see an empty Chamber on  the other side.   Look, if you don't like our proposals--if you don't like the  investment tax credit or the production tax credit, if you don't like  planting trees, if you don't like fuel efficiency standards, if you  don't like mercury and air quality standards, if you don't like  investing in high-tech research to find that next breakthrough or if  you think climate change is a hoax, come down to the Senate floor and  make your argument. Yet they are not even doing that. This is a  planetary emergency--the most important moment in human history as it  relates to the planet Earth--and the party in power is doing its best  to make the problem worse.   Democrats want to invest in clean air, clean water, and smarter  infrastructure. We have taken every chance we can to talk about climate  and how to fix it. Senator Whitehouse alone has given 200 speeches on  the Senate floor about the climate crisis.   The Republican response has been to try to make this silly, to score  points about something that was posted on a Congresswoman's website and  promptly removed and to make false statements saying Democrats want to  ban cheeseburgers or whatever. That is because they don't want to  debate this issue seriously because they don't have ideas on climate.  Their only plan is to actively, aggressively make things even worse.   They need to make this debate about something--anything--other than  what it is, which is a planet in crisis; weather getting weirder and  worse, wildfires, coastal flooding, fisheries crashing. Pennsylvania  farmers say they had the worst season they have had in 30 years because  of all the rain they got last year, while farmers in the Midwest didn't  get near enough. It is a rolling disaster happening right now.   In response, here is what the Republicans have done. They have put  people who make their money from pollution in charge of regulating  pollution. They have given oil and gas companies access to millions of  acres of land and water that are supposed to be protected for things  like conservation, hunting, hiking. They pulled the United States out  of the Paris Agreement, which means we are the only country on the  planet not at the table when it comes to figuring out what to do about  this problem.   They have made it easier for companies to put methane in the air or  make cars that pump pollution into the air, and instead of just leaving  coal companies alone, instead of saying, hey, let's let the market  decide, they are actually looking to subsidize coal because now it is  noncompetitive with wind and solar, in a lot of instances, but they  actually want to subsidize coal so they can get another 10 or 20 years'  worth of fossil fuel pollution. This is not what you would do if you  were trying to stop climate change. This is what you do if you are  trying to make it worse.   So let's take a closer look at some of the worst things on their  list. First, you have to look at the people they have put in charge of  conserving public lands and keeping air and water clean. This week, the  Senate is voting on Andrew Wheeler to run the EPA. He is a coal  lobbyist, and I know politicians are prone to sort of overstatement,  rhetorical flourishes, but this guy is actually a coal lobbyist. He  made his living working for coal.  [[Page S1563]]    I don't know him. I presume he is an honorable fellow, but now we are  supposed to believe he is the best person to keep coal companies in  line, to make sure they follow the rules and don't hurt the air people  breathe or the rivers they fish in.   If this were a movie about corruption in politics, this script would  be thrown out because it was too obvious.   Then there is Ryan Zinke, who was supposed to protect public lands  but instead opened up oil and gas leases at the Department of Interior,  or the guy regulating Federal energy who denies that climate change is  real, even though we can all see it with our own eyes. If you don't  believe the science, you can at least believe your own experience. The  weather is getting worse and weirder and more severe. He says carbon  dioxide really isn't a pollutant at all.   So the nominees have been awful, but the policy is bad too.  Republicans are trying to pull us out of the Paris Agreement that every  other country in the world is part of. We are not even trying to lead  on this planetary emergency, and it means that we give the leadership  mantle to China to take the lead on how the world is going to fix this  problem or make it worse, as if Americans should trust China to do what  is best for our country.   Then there is the Republican effort to let polluting companies keep  polluting. The whole reason the EPA exists is to make sure the air we  breathe, the water we drink and swim in, the land we farm on and live  on doesn't get polluted, but Republicans have taken control of the EPA  to get rid of these protections, and they are telling the auto industry  they no longer need to make cars that put less pollution in the air.  They have gutted the Clean Power Plan so carbon pollution could be 12  times worse in the next decade--12 times worse in the next decade.   Researchers have found it would be better if we had no policy at all  than if we do the things the Republicans want to do.   They have let energy companies off the hook for leaking methane and  made it easier for super pollutants to leak into the air. Again, this  is the kind of thing you might hear from a politician who is a little  overheated, a little overly angry, maybe taking a few liberties with  the truth.   This is literally what is happening. They literally put a coal  lobbyist in charge of the EPA. That should be enough for someone on the  other side to say: Gosh. I can't vote for a coal lobbyist to run the  EPA. Now, I don't agree with the Democrats about climate change, but I  can't pretend this thing doesn't happen to my home State. I can't  pretend Alaska isn't melting or the fisheries aren't crashing or our  farms aren't having great difficulty or that the floods in South  Carolina and North Carolina and Florida aren't real, and so we can't  put a coal lobbyist in charge of the Environmental Protection Agency.   There was a time when the EPA and environmental protection itself was  not a partisan issue. Here we are in the U.S. Senate--which is the  place to solve these kinds of problems over the course of this  country's great history--and every time we come to the floor to talk  about climate change, it is an empty Chamber on the Republican side. We  have to do better as a country. We have to do better as a Senate. We  have to solve climate change together. Future generations are counting  on us to transcend partisanship and to have this great debate.   If Leader McConnell wants to bring a resolution, which he thinks is  clever, to sort of divide Democrats, fine. We are not particularly  worried about that. We are taking this opportunity to say: Great. Let's  talk about climate change.   The first question to ask--the first question to ask--is, what is the  Republican plan for climate change? Right now, the answer is very  simple. They have no plan.   I yield the floor.   