 Madam Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I just want to support this amendment. Again, what we are talking  about here with H.R. 1 is increasing confidence, engagement, and  participation on behalf of the voters. This opportunity to be able to  return mail-in ballots at polling places is a way to further that.   I also want to say that with respect to this idea we have to  distinguish between election fraud and voter fraud; what we saw in  North Carolina was election fraud by a political operative taking  advantage of voters, not voters engaged in fraud. So there is a very  important distinction there.   I also really wanted to quickly correct the Record for my colleague  from the other side of the aisle who mentioned a moment ago that  somehow under H.R. 1 taxpayer money would be used to fund candidates'  campaigns. Nothing could be further from the truth. The bill provides  explicitly that there will be no taxpayer funds going to any kind of  candidate committees or candidate campaigns. I just wanted to correct  the Record. I am happy to continue doing that over the course of the  debate.    Madam Chair, I just want to support the amendment.  Obviously, we want to make voting as accessible as we can to everybody,  and this is a very, very important step in terms of supporting that  with respect to people with disabilities. I want to thank my colleague  for introducing the amendment.   I did, also, just want to correct the Record. The last speaker, who  may not have been here a few minutes ago, was suggesting that, under  H.R. 1, taxpayer money would go to fund political campaigns,  candidates' campaigns, and I just want to reiterate that the bill is  explicit that that would not happen.   There will be no taxpayer funds used to support candidates'  campaigns. We have provided for that. We have come up with another way  to support the matching fund that we want to see, to lift up small  donors out there and give them a voice in their own democracy.   I know the gentleman who spoke a moment ago might not have been here  previously, so I just wanted to make sure I got that on the Record.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I just really wanted to echo what was just said, a couple of things  that were said.   First of all to note that, clearly, best practices have emerged with  respect to public companies making this kind of information available,  but if that best practice has merit, then it ought to be applied across  the board, which is the argument that we are making. I thank you for  your work and interest in this issue.   The SEC is there to protect shareholders. It is there to protect the  public. That is the purpose of that agency. Within the basket of things  and measures that it can do to protect the public is to promote this  kind of disclosure.  [[Page H2534]]    The rider that we are trying to get rid of in this bill that you  would strike, that rider is preventing that kind of inquiry and  disclosure and protection of the public to occur, and that is why it is  so important that that rider be struck. I agree with the gentleman in  his opposition to this amendment.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his work in introducing the bill that would repeal this  rider that prevents the IRS from the kind of inquiry that should be  done.   This is about figuring out who is leaning into the big money game. So  it goes with a number of other riders that we have seen that have been  put in place over the last few years.   We want to know if Federal contractors are leaning into the big money  game. That is why we want the executive branch to have rules of  disclosure with respect to what is happening with money and Federal  contractors. That is why we wanted to get rid of the rider that would  stop that from happening.   We want to know if public companies are leaning into the big money  game. That is why we want to get rid of that rider that would stop the  SEC, since they are supposed to protect the public from following that  disclosure and looking into whether money is coming into that space.   And in this instance, we want to make sure that these entities that  are supposed to be tax exempt aren't leaning into the big money game,  and the IRS is there as the agency to do that.   Madam Chair, we need to make sure we protect that ability.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman for  yielding her time, and I want to commend her on this amendment.   I want to respond to this idea of this kind of top-down  federalization of our voting. That is not what is happening here. The  States are going to continue to have the authority to put together how  elections operate. What we are doing is we are collecting best  practices and then making a policy decision at the Federal level that  those best practices ought to extend across the country.   If you think about it, Mr. Chairman, that is our role as Federal  legislators. Our purpose here is to gather up wisdom from all parts of  the country, figure out what things work and what things don't work,  and if it rises to a level of being a good policy suggestion, then  putting that into legislation. That is what we are doing, and that is  what this particular change would do, and it would make it much easier  for people to access the ballot box.   So, again, I want to thank Congresswoman Houlahan for this amendment,  and I support it.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Actually, I want to echo the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois  and the remarks of the gentlewoman from California in congratulating  Congresswoman Spanberger on this excellent amendment and emphasizing,  as they did, how lucky we are to have the benefit of the expertise that  is brought to this Chamber by Congresswoman Spanberger, based on her  national security experience. We need to maximize what people can offer  here, and this amendment is a perfect example of that.   There is increasing anxiety out there among the populace about these  attempts to hack into our election infrastructure. This measure will  make sure that we are all on alert to that. I thank the gentlewoman for  the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding her  time, and I also congratulate her on this amendment and her service  here in the House and contributing her expertise, again, as I said a  moment ago with respect to our other colleague. Providing her insight  and her experience here in shaping these amendments and making our  legislation stronger is absolutely valuable. We need to make our  democracy more resilient.   The gentlewoman made the point that too often now these foreign  adversaries can get into our politics and sow discord. The way we push  back at that is by putting our antenna out, our radar, making sure we  are keeping that kind of spending out of our politics. That is exactly  what the gentlewoman's amendment does. I thank her for it. I support  it.   