 Madam Speaker, I rise and thank Chairwoman Lowey and  Ranking Member Granger for the hard work that they have done, and all  of their staff.   The staffs, I know, have been working around the clock on both sides  of the aisle. I want to congratulate the staff director for the  extraordinary work and leadership she has shown to get us to this  objective.   I rise in strong support of this legislation, of both of these  packages, which will fund all 12 bills before the end of the calendar  year, unfortunately, not by the end of the fiscal year.   I would have been very happy to get all of this done by the end of  the fiscal year, and we did our work in a timely fashion; but,  unfortunately, the Senate did not pass any of its bills prior to the  end of the fiscal year, and, therefore, it was impossible to get that  done.   I want to thank Senator Leahy and Senator Shelby, as well, for the  work that they have done.   I want to thank all of those who worked together, focused. There was  some talk, I know, about going into next year, but this is the right  thing to do. This is what the American people expect us to be doing.   This will provide our country with the certainty needed to carry out  its work serving the American people and to continue making long-term  investments in our national security, public health, public safety, and  economic growth.   Indeed, the Appropriations Committee members and staff worked hard to  produce appropriations bills that the House passed in June, when we  passed bills to fund 96 percent of the government by June 26 of this  year. Sadly, the Republican Senate, as I have said, and the Trump White  House failed to do their jobs for months, necessitating two short-term  delays that brought unnecessary uncertainty.   As a Member who has served on the Appropriations Committee for more  than 36 years--although many of those years I have been on leave--I  know how much work is involved in reaching agreement on funding bills.   Nobody, not one of the, I guess, 433 of us who are here, got  everything that they wanted or believes this is a perfect bill, but it  is a work product worthy of the Appropriations Committee, the House of  Representatives, and this country. It makes compromises, which are  absolutely essential. It takes a lot of late hours, caffeine, and  placing trust in colleagues across the aisle to achieve that objective.   What Appropriations Committee members and staff have negotiated with  the Senate and White House, as I said, is not perfect. The chair does  not think it is perfect. The ranking member doesn't think it is  perfect. I am sure there is nobody on either of the committees who  thinks it is perfect, but it achieves key priorities and will avert a  damaging government shutdown and give certainty to agencies as they  move forward in the next 9 months of the fiscal year as to what  resources they are going to have available to get their jobs done.   I know there is a lot of weeping and gnashing of teeth about how  awful the CR is for the Defense Department. I agree with that, but  there ought to be a lot of weeping and gnashing of teeth about the  adverse effect on nondefense agencies, because the effect is the same:  uncertainty and an inability to operate in any kind of regular order  fashion.    This bill does not give President Trump additional border security  funding over last year, but it does give him what he had last year.  That is a compromise. People on my side are not happy about that;  people on Ms. Granger's side, I am sure, are not happy about that. But  it is a compromise, and it does continue critical investments in  fighting poverty and expanding opportunities in communities across the  country.   Specifically, this bill increases funding for Head Start, National  Institutes of Health, and initiatives to promote clean energy and a  healthier environment--important victories for those items and the  working Americans we are fighting to protect every day.   This bill includes funds to secure our elections against foreign  interference and provides funding to study the effects of gun violence  in our communities.   Ms. Granger mentions it raises the military pay, but it also raises  the civilians on parity, a policy that we pursued for many, many years.  It is good for our staff. It is good for the Federal employees, and it  makes us competitive in the ability to retain people whom we need.   It raises the cap for staff pay. Now, maybe we ought to hide that,  but, very frankly, our staffs are underpaid. The hours, the talent, the  intellect, the commitment, the patriotism they bring to their jobs, we  don't compensate them properly.   We are not competitive, certainly, with the private sector, but we  are not competitive with the executive department, and we lost good  people. So I applaud the committee for that action. This comes just a  week after we were able to secure a victory by extending paid parental  leave for Federal civilian employees across all agencies in the annual  defense authorization bill.   Critically, these appropriations bills have buy-in from the  administration, having been negotiated by Secretary Mnuchin on behalf  of the President.  [[Page H10380]]  There is no legitimate reason that these bills would be vetoed, and my  expectation is that they will not be vetoed, so we will pass them  through the House. Hopefully, the Senate will pass them in the next 72  hours and send them to the President and he will sign these bills.   All of us ought to be proud of the fact that we got that done by the  end of the calendar year.   Again, let me stress, my objective will be, next year, to get that  done by the end of the fiscal year. I can't remember when we last did  that, but I will tell all of my colleagues that that will be my intent  to set that as an objective as it was to subject December 20 as the  deadline for getting these bills done.   I strongly urge the President to sign these bills. Federal employees  in my district and in every congressional district in the country  deserve better than to be told to go home without their paychecks.   Madam Speaker, 800,000 people who work for us--we are the board of  directors--we told 400,000 of them: You are not critical. Go home. Stay  there. You can't come to work legally even if you wanted to.   And to 400,000, we said: No, you are critical. Come to work, but, by  the way, we are not going to pay you.   Now, they believed and we did, in fact, pay them retroactively, but  that ought not to be the way you operate any small, medium, or large  business, much less one of the largest enterprises on the face of the  Earth--I guess, the largest enterprise.   So I hope all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, will join  me in voting for these appropriations bills, these 12 bills, quite  frankly, the only bills that have to pass. There are a lot of other  bills that ought to pass from a policy perspective, but the government  doesn't shut down if they don't pass, whether it is a tax bill, an  environmental bill, whatever bill.   Let's send a resounding message of support to make it clear that this  is the bipartisan path forward to avoid a shutdown and do our jobs for  the American people.   Again, I congratulate the chair; I congratulate the ranking member;  and I am so pleased that they are together. I join them in asking every  Member to vote for these bills. It is our job. It is our  responsibility. It is our duty.   