 Mr. Speaker, equal has always been our Nation's North  Star.   Endowed by our creator, inscribed by Jefferson in our Declaration of  Independence, engraved above the doors to the highest court in our  land, codified in our Constitution after a war tore our country apart,  it is that pursuit of equality, that journey for a more perfect Union,  that sets America apart.   At times, we have stumbled. We have enslaved men, women, and children  because of the color of their skin. We have segregated those same  families in the first breaths of their freedom.   We have stigmatized fellow Americans based on their race, their  ancestry, their god, the nation of their birth, the hand that they  hold, and their very identity.   Some willing to die for our freedom fought wars only to meet a  government that offered them a handshake and a return to second-class  citizenship.   Today, this House has a chance to not repeat the mistakes of our  past, to move one step closer to that sacred promise by telling brave  trans men and women in uniform that they cannot be banned from military  service because of who they are--because that is the very foundation  for this policy: targeted discrimination against transgender Americans.   Supporters will say otherwise. It is about unit cohesion, they say-- except for the fact that the five chiefs of staff for the military  branches have testified that they are aware of exactly zero instances  of a transgender servicemember negatively impacting discipline or  morale.   It will degrade our military, they say--except that 56 retired  generals and flag officers told us that it is the ban that would  degrade readiness, ``even more than the failed Don't Ask, Don't Tell  policy'' did.   It is science, they say--except that the Department of Defense relied  on data nearly half a century old and ignored plenty of other studies.   Just ask the American Medical Association, the American Psychology  Association, the American Psychiatric Association.   It is about cost, they say--except that the military spends ten times  more annually on erectile dysfunction medication than we have on trans- related care in the past 3 years combined.   It is not a ban, they say. Ask any one of the brave transgender  servicemembers or veterans in the gallery today exactly what this ban  means.    Mr. Speaker, in a country that celebrates freedom, this  policy tells our servicemembers that they do not have the freedom to be  who they are. Where is the freedom in that?   Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the House to support this  resolution.   