 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my  straightforward, commonsense amendment which will ensure that our  Nation's veterans have access to quality, affordable health insurance  coverage.   While people often think that everyone who has served in the military  immediately has access to VA healthcare, this is not the case. In fact,  only three out of five veterans under the age of 65 are eligible for  healthcare through the VA, and only a quarter of those who are eligible  for VA healthcare rely on the VA as their sole source of insurance.   Younger veterans who served for 24 consecutive months are eligible  for VA coverage for 5 years after their discharge, and veterans over  the age of 65 qualify for Medicare. This leaves a potential gap in  coverage for many veterans who have recently served after their 5-year  period and before they become eligible for Medicare.   That is why it is imperative that the healthcare exchange outreach  and educational strategies be designed in a way to reach our Nation's  veterans.   As a Member of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I am  committed to ensuring every veteran has access to high-quality  healthcare regardless of where they receive that care.   Studies show that when Americans are informed about the correct time  to sign up for healthcare, and the options to make that coverage  affordable, they choose to get insured.   My amendment is simply asking that we make our Nation's veterans  aware of the healthcare options available to them. This is particularly  important to the Lowcountry, because my district has one of the highest  concentrations of veterans in the entire country.   It has the highest concentrations in the entire State of South  Carolina, and I want to make sure that each of them are aware of their  coverage options so that they can make the best choice for themselves  and for their families.   Mr. Chair, I want to ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  join me in supporting my amendment as well as the underlying  legislation.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would like to thank  Chairman Pallone and Chairman Scott for their work in constructing this  important legislation which will lower drug prices, stabilize the  insurance market, and decrease premiums for hardworking families across  this country.   I also want to thank Chairman McGovern and my colleagues on the  [[Page H3902]]  Rules Committee for allowing my amendment to come to the floor. I urge  all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of  this commonsense amendment as well as the underlying legislation.   I yield back the balance of my time.   