 Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman for yielding time.   I rise today in reluctant opposition to H.R. 2740, the four-bill  fiscal 2020 appropriations package that includes the Energy and Water  Development appropriations bill.   As ranking member of that subcommittee, I know there are several  bipartisan priorities in the bill, but, unfortunately, the overall  four-bill package is too flawed for me to be able to support it at this  time.   First and foremost, these bills were developed using top-line funding  levels that do not reflect a bipartisan, bicameral agreement.   The reality is that we are dealing with monopoly money here, and we  all know that. These will not be the final numbers that come out  whenever we reach an agreement.   The majority's budget framework also promotes the misguided notion  that increases to defense spending must be matched or exceeded by  increases in nondefense spending.   In the Energy and Water bill specifically, a bill that was roughly  half defense and half nondefense spending in fiscal year 2019, the  increase for nondefense programs is more than 1\1/2\ times the increase  for defense programs.   While I support many of the nondefense programs in this bill, we need  to know the broader budgetary context before we can decide whether  individual programs are funded appropriately.   We must work together with the Senate and the White House and develop  an agreement on overall spending caps. Only then can we write bills  that can be passed by both Chambers and that the President will sign.   Speaking of the Energy and Water bill specifically, one of my highest  priorities in this bill is the Department of Energy's nuclear energy  program. The bill includes many good investments within that account,  but, overall, the account is kept essentially flat from last year.   This decision is a bit perplexing. The bill's allocation is well  above last year's, and the majority has stated an intent to focus on  technologies to address climate change.   The subcommittee held several hearings, at which Members of both  parties and witnesses discussed the necessity of advanced nuclear  technologies in any kind of low-carbon energy future, yet the nuclear  energy program does not share in the funding increases provided for  almost all of the other nondefense programs. I am hopeful that, as the  bill moves forward, we can address this issue and create a stronger  bill.   The bill continues significant investments in our Nation's water  resources infrastructure, including harbor maintenance activities.   Unfortunately, while the majority included additional funding for  critical water storage projects, they also decided not to allow  previous appropriated dollars to be put to good use.   The exclusion of the Shasta Dam and Reservoir Enlargement Project  amounts to throwing away a key opportunity to enhance water security in  the drought-prone West.   The full House should have been allowed to consider the Calvert  amendment to correct this problem in the bill.   While the majority has referred to funding increases for the National  Nuclear Security Administration, the truth is the bill does not  sufficiently prioritize activities to maintain and modernize our  nuclear weapons stockpile.   The Weapons Activities program is $648 million below the budget  request. That is more than half a billion dollars below the budget  request. As detailed in the Statement of Administration Policy, these  cuts to the budget request will delay efforts to improve safety and  security features and disrupt alignment with the Department of  Defense's plans.   Since this delay typically leads to increases, reduced spending does  not actually save money; it costs money. We must make the investments  necessary to invest in a safe, reliable, and effective stockpile.   Finally, I am disappointed that the bill does not include any funding  to advance the Yucca Mountain licensing application process and,  instead, offers a false promise of interim storage as a solution to the  nuclear waste issue.    Funding for interim storage alone cannot solve the issue of nuclear  waste disposal, especially since current law strictly limits Federal  action in this area.   Additionally, interim storage locations will be much more difficult  to site if there are no assurances of a permanent disposal, as the  interim sites would become de facto permanent sites.   The Governor of New Mexico recently raised this very point in  expressing her concerns about a private interim storage site proposed  to be located in her State.   Continuing the licensing process is a necessary step to establish a  permanent repository for our Nation's defense and commercial nuclear  waste.   Over the past few decades, electricity consumers across the country  have paid roughly $41 billion, with accrued interest, into the Nuclear  Waste Fund for permanent disposal of nuclear waste. Due to the  political decision to halt advancement of a permanent repository,  however, it is the taxpayers--not ratepayers but taxpayers--in all 435  congressional districts who currently are paying $2.2 million a day,  more than $800 million per year, to cover the cost of temporary onsite  storage.   My colleague from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus) filed an amendment to  address this, but it was not allowed. We have had strong bipartisan  support in the past for this issue.   Despite our disagreements over the issues that I have mentioned, I  want to close by thanking Chairwoman Kaptur and the majority staff and  my staff for their dedication and hard work on this bill.   Ms. Kaptur and I have worked together on the Energy and Water  Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee for several years now;  and, while we don't agree on every issue, I value our friendship and  continue to appreciate the collegial and cooperative tradition of the  subcommittee.   I would also like to thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member  Granger of the full committee for their leadership and support for the  important programs in the Energy and Water bill.   