 Thank you for the recognition, Madam President.   Last month, on August 22, an 86-year-old grandmother, born and raised  in my hometown of Santa Fe, NM, was gunned down while she was shopping  at Walmart in El Paso by a White supremacist with an AK-47 style  assault weapon. The gunman said he ``wanted to shoot as many Mexicans  as possible.'' The shooter told police he had purchased 1,000 rounds of  ammunition.   Less than 24 hours later, it took the shooter in Dayton, OH, only 32  seconds to kill 10 people and wound 27 others with his .223-caliber,  high-capacity rifle with 100-round drum magazines. Had the Dayton  police not responded immediately, the numbers of dead and injured in  the crowded Dayton downtown area could have been exponentially higher.   On August 31, in Odessa, TX, a shooter killed 7 and injured 25,  including a 17-month-old girl, who was shot in the face. The shooter  had failed a background check in 2014 because a court had found he was  mentally unfit to own a gun. He purchased his AR-15 style weapon in a  private gun sale, which is not subject to a background check.   Assault rifles, often paired with high-capacity magazines, were used  to slaughter innocents at Sandy Hook, Las Vegas, Aurora, Orlando, San  Bernardino, the Sutherland Springs church, and the Tree of Life  synagogue in Pittsburgh.   According to the Gun Violence Archive, there have been 10,552 gun- related deaths this year. That includes 2,681 children and teens. Mass  shootings number 300. That is more than one mass shooting every day of  this year.   The American people support commonsense gun safety legislation in  overwhelming numbers. Recent polls confirm that 90 percent or more  registered voters support background checks for all gun sales--90  percent. Think about that. The American people support a ban on high- capacity magazines. They support a ban on assault weapons. They support  keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals.   People all across the country are worried about their communities,  their schools, their churches, and their children. They are worried  that they will be caught in the next mass shooting, that their  community will be the next El Paso, the next Sandy Hook, or the next  Aztec.   When I was in school, we had safety drills in the event of a nuclear  strike from the Soviet Union. Children now have safety drills in the  event of a shooter from within our own communities.   The American people are demanding that Congress take action on this  national crisis. After El Paso and Dayton, many of us implored Leader  McConnell to call us back into session to vote on the gun safety bills  sitting on his desk gathering dust. Leader McConnell says he will only  bring bills before the Senate that the President will sign.   We are the legislative body. We are sent here by our constituents to  pass laws, to do their will, to protect their welfare. We do not depend  on the President to pass gun safety legislation. We do not have to wait  for him while the NRA lobbyists try to wear him down. He can take his  cues from us for a change. We are not his lapdogs. Protecting our  communities, schools, and churches cannot wait, cannot be relegated to  the leader's legislative graveyard. Too many lives have been lost, and  too many lives will be lost if we don't act.   The fact is, too many Republican elected officials are beholden to  the scandal-ridden National Rifle Association. The NRA no longer even  represents gun owners; it represents the gun industry. Now we know it  also represents dark campaign spending and internal corruption.   There is no mystery why the Republicans refuse to take up gun safety  legislation that Americans overwhelmingly support. The NRA has poured  millions into campaign coffers, and they use that money to intimidate  Members of Congress into opposing bills with 90 percent support  nationally. This is yet one more example of why we need to overturn  Citizens United and enact comprehensive finance reform. Our Democratic  institutions are not representing the people.   We need to pass the bills on Leader McConnell's desk, but we should  not stop there. We also must halt the rise of White nationalism and  White supremacy in our country. Hateful views have fueled too many of  these tragedies--the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in  Charleston, SC; the Tree of Life synagogue; and in El Paso.   The El Paso shooter's fear of ``the Hispanic invasion of Texas'' too  closely echoes the President's repeated warnings of an ``invasion'' at  our southern border. The shooter's anti-immigrant screed rings of the  President's attacks on immigrants as criminals and rapists who need to  be kept out of our country by a border wall. Las Cruces, NM, is only 45  minutes from El Paso. El Paso is like a sibling to us. New Mexico, like  El Paso, takes great pride in our diversity. Our diversity does not  divide us. It defines us. It unifies us. The President's anti- immigrant, nativist rhetoric is not only deeply offensive to New  Mexicans, it also fuels the worst elements of our society--elements  that now have ready access to military-style weapons.   The FBI Director recently reported to Congress that the Bureau had  arrested almost as many domestic terrorists as foreign terrorists this  year. He said most of the racially motivated domestic terrorism cases  were likely connected to White supremacy.   It is up to this body to stand up to the President's anti-immigrant  and racist rhetoric and unequivocally affirm this Nation's values-- equality, tolerance, and inclusiveness. It is up to this body to stand  up to the NRA and stand with the American people.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   