 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this bill.   Rather than focusing energy on reaching a compromise with the Senate  and the President to reopen the government and get those Federal  workers their paychecks, my colleagues across the aisle are spending  time bringing bills to the floor that have absolutely no chance of  passing and becoming law. The bill is a waste of everyone's time and a  waste of countless hours of hard work by Members and staff on both  sides of the aisle.   Last Congress, my colleagues and I on the Appropriations Committee  worked hard for many months in a bipartisan and bicameral way to pass a  Transportation and Housing and Urban Development funding bill on time.  In fact, Mr. Speaker, we passed that bill in the House in July of last  year.   Then, in December, when we were looking at a looming shutdown, my  colleagues and I in the House passed a funding package that would have  kept the government open and provided an additional $5 billion for  border security and $9 billion for initial disaster assistance to  American citizens in those communities devastated by hurricanes and  fires.   Instead, here we are, bringing to the floor a bill that ignores the  bipartisan work of my House colleagues.   This bill today provides less funding for our ports, highways, and  air traffic control. It provides less housing for people with  disabilities, our veterans, and those living with HIV and AIDS. Also,  it doesn't include the oversight and accountability provisions that  were added by the House. On top of all that, the President has already  said he will not sign the bill into law.    As we waste the House's time, and, quite frankly, the people's time,  on this bill, 800,000 Federal workers are suffering. All our Nation's  transportation systems are becoming less efficient. Many functions of  our air, rail, maritime, and highway transportation are being held up  by furloughs and understaffing. Those essential personnel who are  required to show up, they go unpaid for their work. This is unjust and  immoral.   Mr. Speaker, I implore the Speaker of the House and my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle to put aside these partisan tactics and  bring to the floor bills we have already worked on through regular  order and with bipartisan agreement.   It is very simple. If the Speaker is truly serious about opening the  government and getting people back to work, bring a bill to the floor  that the Senate can pass and the President will sign into law.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are calling  the situation at the southern border a manufactured crisis. What a  heartless and naive thing to say.   Tell that to the families of almost 300 people who die every week  from the heroin flooding across our southern border.   Tell that to the ICE agents who seized enough synthetic opioids in  2017 to kill every single American by overdose.   Or come on down with me to the 2100 block of Jefferson Street in  Jacksonville, Florida, and you tell that to the medical examiner who  saw, in 2017, the highest rate of fentanyl-related deaths in the entire  State of Florida.   A manufactured crisis? Hardly, Mr. Speaker.   Thankfully, the experts at DHS who are on the ground doing the good  work to protect us understand what is necessary to combat this crisis,  and they have asked Congress for our help. These DHS professionals have  told us that security at the border requires a multilayered approach  that includes additional personnel, increased technology, access roads,  and, yes, a wall.   The wall is not and never has been the beginning and end to border  security, but it is an important part of a comprehensive security plan.  Let's give the DHS the money for the wall, get out of the way, and let  the folks on the ground do their job.   Mr. Speaker, I have spent 41 years of my life as a law enforcement  officer, including 12 years as sheriff. One thing I know firsthand is  the judgment of the patrolman should amplify larger than the back- office bureaucrat. Listen to those in operations. Those who would argue  against the pleas of the DHS either haven't seen what is really going  on or are intentionally ignoring the crisis.    For my friends on the other side of the aisle who are calling this a  manufactured crisis, they know this isn't about the $5 billion for the  wall. In fact, most of them at one time or another have already voted  to fund a wall. To them, it is really about not wanting to support our  President. It is about being part of a resistance movement.   If you want to talk about a manufactured crisis, I can point you in  the right direction, because it is manufactured in Central America, it  is manufactured in South America, and it is being manufactured by drug  cartels to be trafficked north and smuggled across the southern border  and into our communities. I have seen firsthand the lives destroyed and  the communities torn apart by this scourge coming through our porous  southern border.   This bickering over one-tenth of 1 percent of our annual budget has  become a hyperbolic political football, putting lives at risk. I say,  enough, Mr. Speaker. Our Federal law enforcement officers on the ground  at the border have asked for our help, and we have a solemn obligation  to give them what they need to keep Americans safe.   A manufactured crisis? Hardly, Mr. Speaker.   