 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday our friend from New York, the  minority leader, spoke on the Senate floor about the latest challenge  to ObamaCare--the Affordable Care Act--which is being considered by the  Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals this week. Also, if you can believe the  press, he is also going to have a press conference with the Speaker and  other notable Democrats to talk about the danger of a court decision on  the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act. As one might imagine,  he painted a pretty grim picture of what would happen if the court were  to strike down the Affordable Care Act, affirming the judgment of the  trial court. Of course, he tried to place the blame squarely on those  of us on this side of the aisle. It is strange to me because blaming  Republicans in Congress for a yet-to-be-decided court case doesn't make  a lot of sense, but it is pretty consistent with the message we have  heard from our Democratic friends.   If the minority leader is going to pick a bone with anyone, then I  guess his complaint is really about the Constitution itself. Court  cases are decided on a case-by-case basis based on what the law is,  and, of course, the Constitution is the fundamental law of the United  States. So if a court ultimately holds an act of Congress to be  unconstitutional, it is because the Constitution prohibits it. And a  consensus among all Americans is that the Constitution shall be  inviolable, dating back to the early 19th century. The Supreme Court  has made clear that is ultimately their job--not to decide what the  policy should be but whether the policy enacted by Congress is  consistent with the requirements of the Constitution.   So I find it pretty bizarre that in about an hour, the Democratic  leader will join Speaker Pelosi for a news conference to talk about  coverage for preexisting conditions, and I have no doubt that once  again they will try to blame Republicans as the bad guys and somehow  perpetuate this myth that Republicans are opposed to covering people  for preexisting conditions in their health insurance policies. They  know that is false. They know that is a bald-faced misrepresentation of  what our policy choices are in this body and in Congress as a whole.  There is one thing that I think there is a consensus on in Congress  with respect to healthcare, and that is that preexisting conditions  should be covered. In fact, there are pieces of legislation that I have  cosponsored in the Senate that do that expressly. The illogical fallacy  of their argument is that the only way one can do that is through the  Affordable Care Act.   As we know, the Affordable Care Act has been a Trojan horse for a  whole lot of other policies that, frankly, are not particularly popular  because they have resulted in high deductibles and high premiums and  have made it harder and harder for people to afford coverage. It has  also precluded individuals from picking the kind of coverage that best  suits their family's needs at a price they can afford.   I think it is important for the American people to understand what we  all understand--including the Democratic leader and the Speaker--which  is that what they are saying about preexisting conditions is false.  They know it, we know it, and it can be demonstrated. Yet they persist  in saying it because they believe that people are either uninformed,  naive, or so partisan that they will not be guided by the facts but,  rather, by the partisan rhetoric.   Here is the other strange thing in all of this. Most progressive  Democrats--we used to call them liberals; now they call themselves  progressives--have embraced Medicare for All as a solution to our  Nation's healthcare challenges. As the Presiding Officer knows,  Medicare for All would be a recipe to bankrupt Medicare, which has  traditionally, legally, and historically been a benefit earned and  contributed to by seniors in order to cover their healthcare when they  are 65 or older. So dumping 180 million or so additional people into  Medicare who have private health insurance is really a recipe for  bankrupting it, thus undermining the benefit that seniors thought they  were buying into during their entire lives.   Here is the other irony I find. When he was trying to sell the  Affordable Care Act, we heard that President Obama said, if you like  your existing healthcare policy, you can keep it. That is what he said.  It didn't end up being the case, but that is what he said. Yet now our  Democratic colleagues have become so radicalized on healthcare that  they are essentially saying, if you have private health insurance you  like, you can't keep it. You can't keep it.   This is a very strange place to work sometimes because people say  things they know are not true, but they hope they can capitalize on  people's ignorance or on their partisanship. Yet, as many have said  before, facts are stubborn things, and those are the facts; that there  are other ways to cover preexisting conditions other than with the  Affordable Care Act. For a party that has embraced this idea of  Medicare for All and that wants to destroy privately held health  insurance, it seems pretty rich for them to then blame this side of the  aisle for wanting to destroy private health insurance that covers  preexisting conditions.   A January Gallup poll found that 7 in 10 Americans have a negative  view of our healthcare system and have described it as being in a state  of crisis or as having major problems, which is to say that ObamaCare  is not working as well as the advocates thought. As we know and as I  have said, it is not the only way to protect patients who have  preexisting conditions.   Earlier this year, I cosponsored a bill that was introduced by our  friend from North Carolina, Senator Tillis, called the PROTECT Act,  which would ensure that no American would ever be denied health  coverage because of one's having a preexisting condition. Now, the  Democratic leader and the Speaker know that. Yet, presumably, today, at  12:30, when they hold their press conferences, they will say all  Republicans are opposed to covering preexisting conditions because of  this court case in the Fifth Circuit that has yet to be decided. They  are just gleeful that this will provide, they think, some way for them  to argue what they know is not true--that the Republicans are opposed  to covering people's preexisting conditions.   I believe health coverage for these patients shouldn't hang in the  balance of a court decision because, ultimately, it is our decision. If  we pass the PROTECT Act, it would finally codify what I hope every  Member of this body would agree on--that Americans deserve access to  healthcare coverage. The PROTECT Act is just one example of the  countless healthcare bills that are working their way through the  Senate right now.   In addition, in the Senate Finance Committee, we are considering a  package of bills to reduce prescription drug prices, just as we have in  the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee and in the  Judiciary Committee. The HELP Committee overwhelmingly passed a  bipartisan bill to reduce healthcare costs, to increase transparency,  and to eliminate surprise  [[Page S4711]]  medical bills. Last week, the Judiciary Committee unanimously reported  out legislation that would keep pharmaceutical companies from gaming  the patent system. Our colleagues--or political candidates--can go on  TV and try to spin the ObamaCare system all they want, but we are going  to continue to work hard to make real meaningful changes to make our  healthcare system better.   