 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I  oppose this resolution.   The subpoena for Attorney General Barr is unenforceable on its face.  It demands the full and unredacted Mueller report, including grand jury  material that the Attorney General cannot lawfully disclose, and the  Democrats know this.   In a hearing last month, Chairman Nadler admitted that Attorney  General Barr could not lawfully release grand jury material. He  therefore admitted that the Attorney General could not lawfully comply  with the subpoena.   Instead, the chairman suggested that the subpoena is a starting point  in negotiations. Rarely have I heard that term used with regard to a  subpoena. In fact, I never heard it before that time.  [[Page H4415]]    In the Judiciary Committee's hearing on executive privilege last  month, one of the majority's own witnesses testified that ``one of the  categories of information presently sought by the committee appears so  broad as to put the executive branch officials to a nearly impossible  task. . . . The committee cannot in good faith expect compliance;  accordingly, the burden is on the committee to substantially narrow  this aspect of its request.''   My friends talk about the rule of law, but the Democrats have  admitted in a hearing in the Judiciary Committee that the subpoena was  overly broad and that objects of the subpoena that are prohibited from  disclosure, such as 6(e) material, were not subject to the subpoena.  But they didn't fix their subpoena. They didn't issue a new subpoena.  They didn't amend the subpoena. They just attempted to amend their  contempt citation.   The defendant's confusion over what is subject to a subpoena is  adequate evidence that the subpoena itself is legally deficient as  being confusing and overly broad. A court will not be able to read the  collective minds of our Democratic colleagues and will not expect such  clairvoyance from the Attorney General nor from the former White House  Counsel.   The administration is currently negotiating in good faith. We see  that an agreement was reached just yesterday. The same Democrat, when  discussing the assertion of executive privilege by the administration,  stated, ``These developments do not, however, relieve the committee of  its obligation to continue to negotiate.''    Mr. Speaker, just as the subpoena is overly broad and,  quite frankly, unprecedented, as well as legally deficient, this  resolution is also overly broad and unique in the annals of American  history.   When the chairwoman from California referred to the President of the  United States as a dictator, her language was rancorous and  unparliamentary, but it seems to have been filled with projection, as  this resolution provides unique authorities.   