 Madam President, Nelson Mandela once said: ``Education is  the best weapon with which to change the world.''   Today, this morning, 51 million students woke up and went to a public  school in the United States. Each student carried a spark with which to  light up the world in their futures. Unfortunately, today, given the  realities that we have seen over the last few years, some of these  students are at risk.   Last week was designated as America's Safe Schools Week. It was meant  as a time to reflect on the steps we are taking to protect our children  every day. Upon reflection, however, one thing has become very clear:  In many cases, considering the current realities, our public schools  have not been designed physically to deal with the student safety  issue.   The consequences of this are heartbreaking. We have heard this story  too many times: Parkland, FL, 17 lives; Newtown, CT, 27 lives;  Columbine, CO, 13 lives. These were some of the darkest days in our  country's history. None of us will ever forget the terror, the tears,  and the devastation that these and other communities have felt. For the  parents and the relatives of those affected, it is a nightmare from  which many will never wake up.   This can't be allowed to continue. There is an implicit agreement  that when we drop our children off at a school, we know they are going  to be kept safe. In many cases today, we are not fulfilling that  agreement. There are a lot of steps we must take in order to face this  crisis. I am confident that if we come together in a bipartisan fashion  and focus on doing what actually works, we can make our schools safer.   The U.S. Senate has a chance to get this started right now. Last  month, in a bipartisan effort, Senators Doug Jones, Thom Tillis, and  Shelley Moore Capito joined me in sponsoring the School Safety  Clearinghouse Act. This bipartisan bill is a critical first step that  will help to protect students and faculty in our public schools in  America.   The School Safety Clearinghouse Act will codify a recommendation from  President Trump's Federal Commission on School Safety to create a  Federal clearinghouse containing all of the best practices for  designing safer schools. The techniques contained in the school safety  clearinghouse will come from the brightest engineers, architects,  researchers, and educators in the country. It will be like a library  that schools can trust when making critical decisions and when talking  about physical upgrades in their environment. It is imperative that  schools have the best design information because design flaws in school  buildings are placing our students and faculty at risk every day.   When drafting this bill, our office met with Max Schachter, whose  son, Alex, was tragically killed in the Stoneman Douglas High School  massacre in Parkland, FL, not that long ago. On that awful day, the  murderer fired through the window in Alex's classroom door and murdered  Alex and two of his classmates. Senselessness. Had the glass been  stronger or had the window been designed with an obstructed view, Alex  might be alive today.   Madam President, fixing design flaws like these are simple matters  that we need to take a step toward today to make our schools safer.  Most schools understand this, and they are doing everything they can to  close the security lapse.   In August, I saw this firsthand when I toured Mashburn Elementary  School in Forsyth County--with Georgia's First Lady Marty Kemp--which  has taken incredible steps with grants from the State, that the  Governor made available, to enhance their safety measures.   Using this grant money made available by Governor Brian Kemp,  Mashburn has restructured all their entryways, reinforced the doors to  every classroom, and launched new emergency readiness protocols. As a  result, Mashburn is better able to prevent tragedy from occurring.   And the best thing, it has in recent years actually developed a very  close relationship with the local police force and sheriff's  department. At Mashburn, they have a sheriff's deputy in school every  day.   Every school in the country wants to upgrade their safety. The  problem is that many schools don't simply have the information they  need to make the best choices. The School Safety Clearinghouse Act will  close this information gap once and for all.   This is not a top-down government program by the way. The School  Safety Clearinghouse Act will never have an unfunded mandate or make  any recommendations or force any school to take any action it doesn't  want. Rather, the School Safety Clearinghouse Act will empower them to  make the decisions for themselves.   Here in America, it doesn't matter if you have big dreams or humble  ones; this is the land of opportunity. Everyone has the right to pursue  their own happiness. A good education, as we know, is the best way to  start that.   I learned that from my parents, both of whom were public school  teachers. I see it happening today through my three grandkids. In this  country, we promise all of our kids a good education. We now need to  promise a safe education as well.   The School Safety Clearinghouse Act is a step that we can take right  now, right here in this body, to fulfill that responsibility. We have  no time to waste. Every day, students across the country attend schools  to learn, grow up, and build their lives. The longer we wait to secure  our schools, the higher the chance that some of those students will not  come home.   This is not all we need to do; this is just a first start, Madam  President. If this bill helps to make one school safer or saves one  life, it will be worth it. Let's get it done. Thank you.   I yield back.   