 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the underlying bill that will  preserve protections for hundreds of thousands of Marylanders and  Americans who, like me, have a preexisting condition.   And I rise in support, of course, of my amendment to protect States  which are acting to strengthen their insurance marketplaces, lower  premiums, and expand access to high-quality care by preserving their  reinsurance programs that they have established.   For more than 2 years, the President, in concert with Republicans in  Congress, have tried every trick in the book to undermine the  Affordable Care Act. They tried repealing it, taking it to the courts,  and now want to allow States to gut protections for those the  Affordable Care Act helped most.   These attacks jeopardize healthcare for Americans with chronic  conditions like asthma, high blood pressure, and diabetes and threaten  to bankrupt thousands of families with a loved one who has fallen ill  due to no fault of their own.   It is not just bad policy. It is fundamentally cruel.   That is why, in the face of this onslaught by the Trump  administration to make the Affordable Care Act less effective, we must  provide States with every tool in the toolbox to keep premiums down,  while preventing the Trump administration from giving States the power  to gut essential protections.   I firmly believe that States should have the power and flexibility to  innovate and find healthcare solutions that work best for them. The  Affordable Care Act always envisioned a critical role for States.   States design their own exchanges, shape their Medicaid programs, and  take the lead in enforcing patient protections and reviewing rate  increases.   These waivers took on new importance after President Trump and the  Republican Congress failed to repeal ObamaCare and, instead, sought to  undermine the Affordable Care Act by eliminating the requirement to  obtain health insurance, ending cost-sharing payments for low-income  individuals, passing regulations that encouraged short-term and junk  insurance, and defunding advertising and outreach during open  enrollment.   This sabotage has caused more families to pay higher premiums and  made fewer people able to get the high-quality care they deserve.   States acted to counteract these efforts by establishing reinsurance  programs and applying for State innovation waivers.   Reinsurance programs protect insurers from very high, unpredictable  medical expenses incurred by their Members.   Alaska, Minnesota, Oregon, Maine, Wisconsin, New Jersey, and my own  State of Maryland have all received Federal approval to establish  reinsurance programs.   These are the very programs my amendment seeks to protect. These  programs work and meet the shared goal of making health insurance  affordable and accessible to all Americans, including those with  preexisting conditions.   Reinsurance programs have been able to cut premiums by 20 percent, on  average, and save the Federal Government nearly $1 billion.   Maryland saw the biggest savings, lowering individual premiums by  more than 43 percent. These lower premiums will help entice younger and  healthier individuals to get insurance, making healthcare more  affordable for everyone.   While we have a President in the White House and Republicans in  Congress who have made healthcare prohibitively expensive and stripped  protections for those who need it most, it is imperative that this  Congress protect our partners at the State level who are working with  us to protect healthcare for all Americans.   My amendment will protect these innovative reinsurance programs and  encourage more States to adopt them.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I join my colleague, the gentleman  from Oregon, in acknowledging the great work that is happening in the  States of Oregon, New Jersey, and Maryland in establishing these  reinsurance programs. It is my amendment that seeks to protect these  very strong programs, so I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   