 Madam Chair, I rise to offer my amendment on the floor.    Madam Chair, I thank Mr. McGovern of the Rules Committee  for making this vital amendment in order.   The base text of the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2019 provides  critical relief for natural disasters that have recently plagued our  Nation. The supplemental is necessary, and it is needed, but we do have  a problem, and it is a problem that we have to fix.   The interior West and, for example, my home State of Utah have been  largely ignored. My amendment seeks to rectify this and seeks to  increase funding for the West to address the impacts of ongoing drought  and, something that we are all aware of, the catastrophic wildfires  that we have been experiencing.   The amendment provides increased funding for hazardous fuel  management activities in the hopes of doing three things: first, to  increase the resiliency of our forest; second, to protect against  future catastrophic fires; and, third, to reduce the amount of damage  caused by these fires.   Like many Western States, and, as I mentioned, my home State of Utah,  we suffered a devastating fire season that burned countless acres and  threatened life and property. Now we are left with the scars of the  burns that can be almost as damaging, with flooding, mudslides, and  threats to water supplies.   If adopted, my amendment will not only help mitigate the losses from  past fires but help to create future resiliency in our forests and  lessen the devastating aftermath.   The simple fact is, we can do better. We can actively manage our  forests by combating undergrowth, disease, and insect infestation. The  Forest Service estimates that my home State of Utah has something like  436 million dead trees that are just waiting to burn. If this is not a  threat, I don't know what is.   Madam Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), my friend, Madam Chair of the Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the request  for a recorded vote on my amendment be withdrawn to the end that the  Chair put the question de novo.   