 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 676, the  NATO Support Act.   For almost 70 years, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization has  formed the cornerstone of national security policy for the postwar  world order. Through this alliance, we have successfully defeated  communism, halted genocide in the Balkans, defended against threats  from terrorism in Afghanistan, and maintained cohesion with our like- minded democratic partners. By forming these relationships, we have  successfully defended our values and principles in the face of  repression and tyranny. While we no longer face the same existential  threat posed by the Soviet Union, NATO's resolve and stability has  helped maintain peace in a world drowning with strongmen. That is why I  stand in support this bipartisan legislation.   H.R. 676 codifies Congressional support of the North Atlantic Treaty  Organization, while calling on our allies to modernize their  capabilities and meet the Wales Defense Investment Pledge. Five years  ago, NATO members agreed to reverse their declining defense budgets and  balance the responsibilities that come with our partnership. While it  was an ambitious goal, we have already seen many of our partners  increase their commitments to our mutual security by meeting the agreed  upon threshold of spending 2 percent of GDP on defense.   As part of our commitment, we must continue to support the European  Deterrence Initiative, by maintaining a robust U.S. presence throughout  the European theater. Most importantly, this legislation would ensure  that no matter which way the political winds blow no administration  could use funds to withdraw from this treaty without the consent of the  coequal branch of government in Congress.   NATO is not some outdated relic from past conflicts. We are living in  a world where repression is on the rise, and human freedom is  increasingly in jeopardy. What our partnership stands for, what NATO  defends--it gives hope to the repressed. That is why I urge my  colleagues in joining me in passing this legislation.   