 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 15 minutes.    Mr. President, we have heard some deeply disturbing  revelations in recent days about President Trump's efforts to tie  congressionally appropriated security funding for Ukraine hostage to  its government's willingness to investigate his political opponents  here at home. The alleged threat by President Trump to withhold vital  security funding from Ukraine came out last week in press reports about  a whistleblower complaint from a U.S. intelligence official. These  revelations suggest a gross abuse of power unlike anything I have ever  seen during my 27 years of working on U.S. foreign policy. They also  show Donald Trump once again welcoming a foreign power to influence our  elections, this time using the power of the White House.   As of today, the Acting Director of National Intelligence has refused  to comply with the law that requires him to share this whistleblower  complaint with Congress. Yet that hasn't stopped multiple members of  the President's inner circle from all but confirming that the President  pushed Ukrainian President Zelensky to open an investigation into  former Vice President Joe Biden. They have, together, engaged in a  disturbing effort to convince the American people that this sort of  behavior is somehow normal.   We first watched the President's personal lawyer admit on CNN that he  had raised this issue of investigating Biden on the President's behalf.  Then, yesterday, we saw Secretary Pompeo sink to a new low when he  defended this behavior on national TV. Then it was the President  himself who admitted it to reporters--the President himself. I am not  sure what more evidence we need, folks.   Where are my Republican colleagues? Where are those supposed  defenders of democracy and freedom? Where are the advocates for a  strong relationship with Ukraine? They are silent, shamefully silent.   For more than 2 months, the President held up $391 million in  urgently needed security assistance for Ukraine--assistance that was  appropriated by the Senate with broad bipartisan support. Congress  didn't pass this funding so that the President could sit on it. We  didn't pass this funding so that the President could use it as leverage  to get Ukraine to investigate his political opponents. We passed this  funding because Ukraine needs our support against relentless Russian  aggression and because providing that support is in the interest of our  own national security goals.   Many of us were certainly not surprised to see this administration  delay assistance to Ukraine given the President's repeated cowering to  Moscow on the international stage. Yet, for 2 months, we wondered  exactly why this money was being held from Ukraine. Now we know. The  President withheld this money all in the hopes that the Ukrainian  Government would open a bogus investigation into Vice President Biden's  son. How is that not an abuse of power?   I welcome efforts in the House to fully investigate the role of the  President's personal lawyer in pressuring a foreign country to  investigate the family of a potential political opponent. I urge the  Senate to follow suit because a legitimate President would never allow  his lawyer to override bipartisan support for Ukraine. A legitimate  President would not let his personal lawyer compel foreign powers to  interfere in our political process. A legitimate President would not  withhold congressionally appropriated funding to Ukraine to advance his  reelection prospects. So I am calling for a series of measures today to  get to the bottom of this.   First, I call upon the inspector general of the State Department to  review the withholding of security assistance for Ukraine. This review  must include the extent to which the Department was aware of or was  part of the decision to withhold these funds and whether our foreign  assistance laws were broken. The inspector general must also examine  whether the State Department knew why the administration was  withholding these funds and highlight any communications between the  White House and the State Department on this matter.   Second, I call upon the State Department to provide all details and  records about any support in any form provided from the Department for  the President's personal lawyer's efforts in Ukraine. We, likewise,  need to know about any briefings the President's personal lawyer  provided to Department personnel and his interactions with Ukrainian  officials.   Third, I call on the Office of Management and Budget to tell Congress  why it sat on Ukraine's security assistance for more than 2 months. It  typically takes the OMB just 5 days to review notifications from the  implementing agencies. To sit on a notification for more than 2 months  is unorthodox, unprecedented, and unacceptable.   Fourth, I call upon the Senate Committees on Foreign Relations,  Appropriations, Armed Services, and the Select Committee on  Intelligence to immediately hold hearings on the President's purported  use of security assistance to pressure Ukraine to open an investigation  into a political opponent. I urge Chairman Risch to fulfill his  commitments to hold a hearing on Russia and a markup on Russia  sanctions soon.   If President Trump had used money to coerce another person to perform  some corrupt action on his behalf, we would call it out for what it  was--extortion. Are we just going to let the President of the United  States extort foreign leaders? Are we going to let him reshape American  foreign policy to advance his own personal and political goals? Is this  not a gross abuse of Presidential power? If not, then what is? These  committees have a responsibility to ask these questions, and they have  a constitutional responsibility to do their jobs.   The Senate, as a whole, has an obligation to get to the bottom of  this. Do my Republican colleagues really think it is OK to ask a  foreign power to pursue unfounded allegations against a political  opponent? Is this the new normal? I hope not. This is behavior that we  have never seen from an American President. Unfortunately, it is  behavior that fits into President Trump's broader pattern of  surrendering to his patrons in Moscow.    I wish I could say that extorting Ukraine were the only way Donald  Trump corrupted our national security over the course of the summer,  but that is just not the case. Last month, President Trump also  redirected funding for the European Deterrence Initiative to his  ridiculous border wall. Funding for the European Deterrence Initiative  helps our allies counter the kind of Russian malign influence that was  deployed by Putin against our democracy in 2016.   It is well known by now that President Trump was lying when he said  that Mexico would pay for the wall. To this day, he refuses to own up  to this lie, so much so that he is willing to siphon dollars away from  our military and abandon our most vital democratic allies in Europe to  pursue a medieval vanity project. It is yet another example of his  selling out our national security to curry favor with his political  base.   Over the past few weeks, my office has heard from several European  Embassies that are now stuck holding the bill for Trump's wall. While  you won't hear it from them publicly because they, too, fear a backlash  from this President, they are offended and angry about this decision.  It is simply astounding. We are talking about the allies that Americans  fought and died for in order to defend democracy, worked so hard to  rebuild after World War II, and continued to protect during the Cold  War.   I am sure the Kremlin couldn't be happier. To Putin, this must be a  [[Page S5622]]  stroke of genius. Trump is killing two birds with one stone by  redirecting these funds. He is dividing us from our European allies in  the face of Russian aggression and dividing the American people with  his politics of hate. I have said it before, and I will say it again:  Investing in Donald Trump's candidacy was the best decision Putin ever  made. His patron at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue will stop at nothing to  repay the debt. It might indeed be the only debt businessman Donald  Trump has ever worked so hard to repay.   My friends, we have witnessed a real summer of love between Trump and  Putin. Consider the G7 meeting in France last month. So clearly was the  United States not the leading voice at the table. So tragically have we  lost the confidence of our closest allies, and so predictably did our  President once again make an appeal on behalf of his patron in Moscow  by repeatedly calling for the expansion of the G7 to include Russia.   Sometimes I wonder: Does President Trump actually think that Russia  is a democracy? Does he think that the Russian people live in freedom?  Does he see Russia as an advanced economy? Does he believe Russia  shares America's interests?   I have to say that little surprises me these days, but even I was  taken aback to see him blame President Obama for Russia's behavior--on  foreign soil, no less.   There is only one country responsible for Russia's removal from the  G8 in 2014, and that is Russia. The Russian Federation was suspended  from the G8 by its fellow countries because of its invasion and illegal  occupation of Crimea, which is the territory of the sovereign nation  Ukraine. Five years later, more than 10,000 Ukrainian patriots are  dead. That is why Russia does not belong in the G8.   What has the Kremlin done since 2014 that could possibly justify an  expansion of the G7? Has it suspended its illegal occupation? Has it  behaved like a responsible member of the international community? Has  it respected the sovereignty of other nations? The answers are no, no,  and no.   Let's review Russia's behavior since 2014.   First--and on the top of mind for many of us--was Russia's sweeping  and systematic interference in our 2016 Presidential election on behalf  of then-Candidate Donald Trump, as is documented in the special  counsel's sobering report. Spreading propaganda, manipulating social  media, and spying on American election infrastructure is not the  behavior of a G7 country.   Second was the Kremlin's chemical weapons attack on British soil--a  blatant assassination attempt against a Putin opponent and his  daughter. One British citizen was killed, and others required medical  attention. This is not an isolated case. Just last month, a Russian  citizen was gunned down in a park in Berlin at the suspected hand of  the Russian authorities.   This is not the behavior of a G7 country.   Third is the Kremlin's complicity in Bashar al-Assad's war crimes in  Syria. An untold number of Syrian civilians have been killed by Russian  airstrikes launched in support of Assad. Those responsible should be  tried in The Hague on war crimes charges. This is not the behavior of a  G7 country.   Fourth, in recent weeks, Russian forces have ramped up their pressure  on the country of Georgia. More than 11 years after Russia's invasion,  the Georgian people suffer under its ongoing aggression. That is not  the behavior of a G7 country.   Fifth is the recent Russian crackdown on demonstrators exercising  their basic political rights. Throughout the summer, Putin oversaw the  brutal beatings of children, women, and men and subjected everyday  Russian citizens to arbitrary arrest and detention. What was their ask?  What was their plea? That they be able to register their own local  candidates for their own local elections.   The Kremlin's ongoing and too often violent oppression of the Russian  people is not the behavior of a G7 country. No country in the G7 acts  this way. This behavior is destabilizing, it is aggressive, it is  authoritarian, and it does not belong at the table of democracies.   It is truly a disgrace that any American President would so easily  discount all of what I have just described to win favor with his patron  and pal.   Of course, these aren't the only gifts bestowed by President Trump  during this summer of love.   Let's not forget how the President has delayed sanctions on Turkey  over its purchase of the Russian S-400 system. Congress passed these  sanctions under the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions  Act, or CAATSA, in response to Russia's attack on our elections in  2016. We have these sanctions for a reason. They advance America's  national security interests. They starve the Russian defense sector of  much needed international business. By not imposing them, this  President is both failing to hold Russia accountable and sending a  dangerous message to other countries that they can buy Russian weapon  systems without consequence. From the moment we passed CAATSA, this  administration has resisted every step of the way.   So let's imagine, for a moment, what a legitimate American President,  a President who is not a Putin puppet, would do in this situation. How  would that person protect our country?   First, a legitimate President would not endanger the relationship  with a key ally in order to gain political advantage at home. They  would show solidarity with our democratic allies by providing all  appropriated security assistance to Ukraine and funding for European  efforts to counter Russian aggression.   Second, I am sure they would not welcome Russia back into the G7.   Third, they would impose CAATSA sanctions on Turkey and send a clear  message to the world that the United States is serious about imposing  pressure on the Russian defense industry.   So let me close. The United States of America must always stand on  the side of democracy, human rights, freedom, and the rule of law. That  is why we must secure our elections from the threat of foreign  interference at home and defend democracies in the face of Russian  aggression abroad.   That is why we must demand that security funding appropriated by  Congress is actually delivered and that the sanctions we craft to  counter our adversaries are imposed.   That is why we cannot be silent when an American President extorts  foreign countries into influencing our elections or welcomes an  authoritarian strongman's return to the G7.   I implore my colleagues to use the powers of Article I of the  Constitution. We have to get to the bottom of these very issues and  preserve the critical checks and balances we have in our Nation.   I yield the floor.   