 Madam President, there is a wonderful guy who lives in  Maine named David Mallett. He has a keen ear and an eye for the rural  parts of our country, and one of his most famous songs starts out like  this: ``Inch by inch, row by row, gonna make this garden grow. All it  takes is a rake and a hoe and a piece of fertile ground.''   The problem is, what we have now is rakes, hoes, a piece of fertile  ground,  [[Page S6845]]  and we have seeds and crops, but we have an administration that ties  the hands of our farmers at every turn, particularly the blueberry  farmers in Maine.   Blueberries have been exported from Maine since the 1840s, and the  people who are in this farming business are tough and resilient. They  don't want bailouts; they want to be able to sell their product on the  market.   It is a wonderful product, by the way. If you ever have an  opportunity to choose between blueberries and wild blueberries, choose  wild blueberries. They are better for you, and they taste better.   In recent years, the market for blueberries has been very difficult  because of imports from Canada and additional cultivated blueberries  from around the country, so our farmers, being entrepreneurial and  doing what we have been telling them to do for years, have gone big  time into the export market. Where is a great place to export to?  China.   I used to say as Governor that if we could get the Chinese hooked on  blueberry muffins--just one a day--all of our problems would be over,  and the Maine wild blueberries were getting to that point. Two years  ago, $2.5 million a year of blueberries were going to China and half of  the budget of the Wild Blueberry Export Commission was going to develop  the Chinese market. Hours and hours, days, dollars--a lot of effort  went to develop this Chinese market. Then all of a sudden came the  Trump administration tariffs.   Not surprisingly--it seems surprising to the administration--but not  surprising to anybody who has paid attention to 500 years of trade, the  immediate response to those tariffs was retaliatory tariffs by the  Chinese, and one of the first ones was an 80-percent tariff on wild  blueberries. We were doing pretty well. From 2014 to 2017, exports to  China quadrupled to $2.5 million. This year they are $61,000. We have  the trade war. It is well known that we have tariffs that are applying  to all kinds of agricultural products.   The response from the administration was a massive bailout--a bailout  which has now reached something like three times the dollar value of  the bailout of the automobile industry back at the beginning of the  Obama administration when we almost lost that entire industry. We are  now heading toward three times that amount. A lot of the bailout to the  automobile industry was paid back. This is not a bailout that is going  to be paid back. It has continued to just be paid out to various  farmers across the country.   I am sure the farmers in the Midwest, just as the farmers in Maine,  don't want bailouts. They want sales. They want to sell their product  in the market, which they have been doing, but what has happened is we  have this bailout, and I call it the farm bailout lottery. I don't have  a spinner on here, but it is a lottery because we don't know and we  don't understand and nobody can tell us why certain crops are in and  certain crops are out. Round and round she goes; where she stops,  nobody knows--and that is the problem. What is in? Well, let's see.  Cranberries are in. Blueberries are out--zip, zero, nothing. Soybeans  are in. Wheat is in. Apples are out. Here is what else is in, and tell  me if this makes any sense: dairy, hogs, almonds, cranberries, ginseng,  grapes, cherries. All these are in. These are getting the bailout  money. Some farms are getting over $500,000: hazelnuts, macadamia nuts,  pecans, pistachios, and walnuts but not blueberries and, for some  reason, not apples.   We have a double whammy here on this proud industry from Maine.  First, there is the Chinese tariff war, of which we are collateral  damage. By the way, the same problem is going on with lobsters. They  were one of the first products to be retaliated against by the Chinese.  We lost that export market, and now the same thing is happening in  these agricultural products. It is a double whammy. No. 1, we got hit  by the retaliatory tariffs, and No. 2, we are not in on the bailout. We  are not in on the funds that are being distributed. Nobody can tell us  what the formula is, what the rationale is. Is it who has the biggest,  most powerful lobby in Washington? Is it if you are from a State that  voted for the President in 2016? What is the rationale? We can't tell  what that is.   The President just said yesterday this trade war with China may go on  for another year. That means another crop. We have third- and fourth- generation blueberry farmers in Maine leaving the land. It is  heartbreaking. These aren't big enterprises. These aren't big  operations. These are people with 100-acre farms.   The administration knows about this because I and my colleagues from  Maine wrote them in July and asked this question. Wild blueberry should  be included in what is called the Market Facilitation Program. It  didn't happen. We still don't really know what the criteria is. Just to  put a fine point on it, if you are a wild blueberry harvester with a  100-acre farm, you get zip, zero, nada, zilch. If you are a cranberry  farmer with a 100-acre bog, you get $61,000. How is that fair? How is  the distinction made? That is the question we are asking.   I have written again today to the Department of Agriculture asking  them, A, why we aren't in and, B, how these distinctions are made. I  don't think that is an unreasonable question when you are talking about  people's livelihoods going back generations. These are tough people.  These are resilient people. These are hard-working people. These are  people who have given their lives to the land, and they deserve to be  supported by their government--not undermined, not challenged, not  undercut by their government.   ``Inch by inch, row by row, gonna make this garden grow. All it takes  is a rake and a hoe and a piece of fertile ground'' and a government  that supports your right to make a living at your chosen profession.   I yield the floor.   