 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2203.   Over this past fiscal year, law enforcement has encountered nearly a  million migrants illegally crossing the southwest border.   For months, records of migrant families and unaccompanied children  overwhelmed obsolete Customs and Border Protection facilities, creating  an unprecedented humanitarian crisis. And for months, Democrats did  nothing. They said the crisis wasn't real. Then they said the President  manufactured it.   Then, after months of ignoring pictures of children and families  living in overcrowded conditions, Democrats finally agreed to the  President's request for emergency funding. Now, thanks to that funding  and the administration's efforts to reach agreements with Mexico and  some Northern Triangle countries, the crisis has finally abated.   Congress should use this opportunity to advance a bipartisan bill to  address the causes of the border crisis and prevent another one from  happening. Unfortunately, Democrats have chosen to squander the  opportunity. Instead, they decided to move yet another partisan  messaging bill that stands no chance of becoming law.   All this bill does is waste taxpayers' dollars on a duplicative new  office designed to demoralize law enforcement and serve the demands of  illegal immigrants. It should really be called the illegal immigrant  customer service act.   The bill creates a new ombudsman at the Department of Homeland  Security to collect and review complaints made by illegal immigrants  against Federal law enforcement officers.   The Department already has an Office of Inspector General and an  Office for Civil Rights and Liberties required by law to collect and  investigate complaints against DHS personnel, as well as recommended  relief for the complainant. Both offices maintain tip lines for  anonymous complaints and websites to collect complaints, and both  regularly report to Congress on their caseload.   It is unclear how creating another bureaucrat with a duplicative  mission will improve the current process. It is clear, however, that  this new bureaucrat will further demoralize the men and women of law  enforcement.   The bill empowers the ombudsman to scrutinize the training and  conduct of ICE and CBP officers on an ongoing basis.   The bill also includes a bogus oversight panel comprised of so-called  quality of life indicators to make recommendations on how ICE and CBP  officers should carry out their law enforcement mission.   Every day, the men and women of ICE and CBP put their lives in danger  to keep our families and communities safe. They faithfully and  skillfully carry out their duty to enforce Federal immigration law.  Congress should be moving legislation to thank them, not second-guess  and criticize them.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation started out as an attempt by Democrats  to appease radical leftwing open border activists. The original bill  was chock-full of so many absurd provisions that the Speaker was forced  to pull it from floor consideration in July. The bill has been  rewritten six times to get it to this point where just enough Democrats  will vote for it to pass it.   But it didn't have to be such a partisan exercise. We could have  worked together to move comprehensive legislation to truly prevent  another crisis at our border.   Republicans are ready and willing to work with Democrats on serious  proposals to reform our asylum laws to reduce the pull factors for  illegal immigration, to protect vulnerable families and children from  exploitation by human smugglers, to expand migrant processing and long- term housing facilities to eliminate dangerous overcrowding, and to  hire additional immigration lawyers and judges to reduce the  unprecedented backlog in asylum cases.   When this partisan bill fails to move in the Senate, I hope Democrats  will finally choose policy over politics and will agree to work with  Republicans on solutions to our border security problems.  [[Page H7931]]    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I find it amazing that the  majority, the Democrat majority, would like to see us prioritize  establishing electronic medical records for illegal immigrants when we  still haven't been able to provide that for veterans in our country or  our military, and we have been working on it for years.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Joyce), a member of the Committee on Homeland Security.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Guest), a member of the Committee on  Homeland Security.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I  am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill demonstrates just how disingenuous Democrats  are about securing our borders and fixing our broken immigration  system. Their Caucus is in such disarray on this issue that it took  them 10 weeks and a hatchet just to find a compromise among themselves.  Now, they are going to send another partisan messaging bill to the  Senate, where it will promptly die.   Congratulations on the press release.   Mr. Speaker, we watched an unprecedented humanitarian crisis unfold  on our Southwest border this year. It used to be that when this country  faced a crisis, Democrats and Republicans came together to solve it and  ensure it didn't happen again. Unfortunately, that is no longer the  practice under Democratic control.   When Democrats are ready to legislate with real solutions to problems  this country faces, Republicans stand ready to work with them. In the  meantime, I urge all Members to oppose this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   