 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 296, which I  introduced along with Representative Bilirakis to recognize and  commemorate the Armenian genocide.   This is a vote that I have fought for 19 years to cast. My wonderful  colleagues, Anna Eshoo and Jackie Speier, have fought far longer than I  have. It is one that tens of thousands of my constituents, my Armenian  American constituents, have waited decades to see. It is a moment that  so many have worked and struggled and prayed for, a moment when the  House of Representatives refused to be enlisted in the cause of  genocide denial.   This April would have marked the 104th anniversary of the Armenian  genocide, the systematic murder of 1.5 million Armenians, and the  displacement of millions more by the Ottoman Empire from 1915 to 1923.  Many other religious and ethnic minorities in the Ottoman Empire met  similar fates, among them the Greeks, Assyrians, Chaldeans, and others.   More than a century later, it is our solemn responsibility to  remember those who were lost, to seek justice and restitution, and to  educate Americans and those around the world about the crime of  genocide.   The facts of the genocide are horrific and undisputed by historians.  They were recorded by American diplomats serving in the Ottoman Empire  at the time who bore witness in official cables to the annihilation of  the Armenian population in the Ottoman Empire, a crime that at the time  had no name.   Though it lacked a name, there was no doubt in the observers of the  time that they were witnessing a crime on a massive and industrial  scale. The U.S. Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, Henry Morgenthau,  would recall later: ``I am confident that the whole history of the  human race contains no such horrible episode as this. The great  massacres and persecutions of the past seem almost insignificant when  compared with the sufferings of the Armenian race in 1915.''   It was only decades later that Raphael Lemkin, a Holocaust survivor,  coined the term ``genocide'' to describe the atrocities that have been  visited upon the Jews as well as the Armenians.   I have sat with survivors of the genocide, men and women, their  numbers dwindling year after year, and heard them recall the  destruction of their lives and the loss of all they had known. As  children, they were forced from their homes and saw their families  beaten, raped, and murdered. They fled across continents and oceans to  build lives in this Nation, in Armenia, and around the world.   For them and for their descendants, the word ``genocide'' is sacred  because it means that the world has not and will not forget. To deny  genocide, on the other hand, is profane. It is, in the words of Elie  Wiesel, ``a double killing.''   Mr. Speaker, it is always the right time to recognize genocide, but  it is particularly so today. For when we see the images of terrified  Kurdish families in northern Syria, loading their possessions into cars  or carts and fleeing their homes headed to nowhere except from Turkish  bombs and marauding militias, how can we truly say the crimes of a  century ago are in the past?   We cannot. We cannot pick and choose which crimes against humanity  are convenient to speak about. We cannot cloak our support of human  rights in euphemisms. We cannot be cowed into silence by a foreign  power.   What we can do, what we must do, Mr. Speaker, is state the facts. We  can say that the Ottoman Empire committed this grotesque crime against  the Armenians, but their campaign of extermination failed, and that,  above all, we will never forget and will never again be silenced.   I am grateful for the leadership of Mr. Engel, Mr. McCaul, the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), and the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Smith), and so many Members on both sides of the aisle who  have fought for recognition for decades. I urge every Member of the  House to join today in supporting H. Res. 296.   