 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is a totally unique bill. What we have done is  allowed the seven affected States to get together and work out a  solution and bring it to us and then we, in Congress, didn't screw it  up too badly.   So what we have done now is, if this bill can actually go into law,  we have allowed for the system to build the capacity to store 60  million acre-feet of water that will help 5.5 million acres of  irrigated lands, 40 million people, and can also produce over 4,000  megawatts of clean electricity.   It is rare for Congress, but in this case, we respected what the  States have done, and we are moving quickly to try and get this into  law.   I appreciate the chairman and the 30 other Members from the affected  States who have joined me as part of this bill. Now I hope we can  expedite this and send it over to the Senate where we will ask them to  refrain from their usual practices and to quickly get this bill on the  President's desk because, not only is this bill bipartisan, this bill  is that important.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Colorado (Mr. Tipton), a former member of our committee and one of  the original cosponsors of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert), another former member of  our committee and a long-time worker on water issues in Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   I would like the Record to reflect that, although they are not noted  as original cosponsors, Congressmen Amodei, Buck, and Tipton were, in  fact, with us supporting this bill since the very beginning, and it  should be reflected as such. Due to an error in the introduction of the  bill, they were initially left off H.R. 2030, but they should be  original cosponsors.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to another  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert), who is one of the great  members of this committee and this House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate everyone who has spoken on behalf of this  particular bill. It is a significant piece of legislation.   As Mr. Schweikert said, hopefully, we will never have to use it. Even  in April of this year, the flow into Lake Powell is 133 percent of  average. The snowpack is 138 percent of the 30-year average. Hopefully,  we will never have to implement it, but at some time, it may, indeed,  happen. Having this in place now provides for the future necessity, if  and when that negative time has to take place.   I am proud the States came together. They have come up with a plan  that is going to be successful, a solution to it, because if this thing  does not pass, Utah is going to keep all the water and the rest of you  can suck under.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   