 Madam Chair, I want to thank the gentleman  from Connecticut for yielding and for  [[Page H9131]]  his untiring leadership on workplace safety issues.   I rise in support of H.R. 1309, the Workplace Violence Prevention for  Healthcare and Social Service Workers Act.   Healthcare facilities are where we should be going to get well, but  too often, hardworking, highly skilled employees of these facilities  are regularly beaten, kicked, punched, and sometimes killed while  performing their jobs. Healthcare and social service workers are four  times as likely to suffer serious workplace violence injuries compared  to workers in other sectors. Many can never return to work after the  assault.   The Government Accountability Office has found the dangers to such  workers has gotten worse over the past decade. From 2008 to 2017,  workplace violence incidence rates have more than doubled at private  hospitals and home healthcare services with the highest rates of  violence found in psychiatric and substance abuse hospitals.   Most acts of workplace violence in healthcare facilities are  foreseeable, and they are preventable by implementing workplace  violence prevention plans. Although OSHA and the Joint Commission for  hospital accreditations have issued authoritative guidance, voluntary  efforts alone are not enough to ensure the safety of these workers.   Currently, OSHA has no standard for requiring healthcare and social  service employers to implement workplace violence prevention programs,  and it takes the agency from 7 to 20 years to issue a new standard. The  new beryllium standard, for example, which has just been finalized, has  been under consideration for about 17 years. And that timeframe is not  unusual.   Instead of waiting for years or even decades for OSHA to act, H.R.  1309 would first direct OSHA to issue an interim standard within 1 year  and a final standard within 42 months, requiring healthcare and social  service employers to implement a workplace violence prevention plan.  And further, it protects workers from retaliation for reporting  assaults to their employers or government authorities.   Furthermore, since public employees in 24 states lack any OSHA  protections, this legislation requires public hospitals and skilled  nursing facilities receiving Medicare funds to comply with the  workplace violence standards in this bill.   Healthcare and social service workers play a critical role in  healthcare for our families and our communities. At the very least, we  must do whatever we can to ensure that these workers will come home  uninjured at the end of the workday.   Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Pallone for his cooperation in moving  this bill to the floor. I also want to thank Mr. Courtney and  Representative Alma Adams, chair of the Subcommittee on Workforce  Protections, for their leadership in advancing this legislation.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1309.   