 Mr President, this week marks the 40th anniversary of the  Iran hostage crisis, when 66 Americans were seized by an armed mob  fueled by the anti-American ravings of Iran's revolution clerics.  Fifty-two of those Americans were held captive for 444 days, during  which time they were paraded on television and used as pawns by Iran's  theocratic dictators.   Those Americans would finally come home safely, thanks to a pressure  campaign of financial sanctions and trade embargoes by the United  States and their partners, but not everyone came home safely from Iran.  Before the crisis ended, five American airmen and three marines lay  dead, killed in an ill-fated rescue mission necessitated by Iran's  lawless deeds.   This week's anniversary is a useful reminder of the true nature of  the regime in Tehran. Behind Iran's smooth talking, Western-educated  diplomats are a band of radical clerics that act more like a criminal  gang than the rulers of a sovereign nation.   Consider how the regime commemorated the 40th anniversary of their  crime--not with apologies, like a civilized nation might. No, with  anti-American rallies where uniformed soldiers--uniformed soldiers, not  clerics, not activists--uniformed soldiers led chants of ``Death to  America'' and ``Death to Israel.''   In other words, Iran is unreformed and unrepentant. It still takes  and holds hostages to this very day--businessmen, professors,  engineers, fathers, and mothers, all just bargaining chips to the  Ayatollahs. That is why I have a bill to impose new and substantial  costs on these kidnappers. The Global Hostage Act would require the  President to sanction foreign officials who take Americans as their  hostages.   The goal of our bill is clear: If you take Americans hostage, we will  make your life miserable. You will not be able to travel here. You will  not be able to bank here. You will not be able to send your kids to  fancy schools here. You will be treated like the pariah you are, which  is precisely what the Ayatollahs remain 40 years after they took their  first American hostages.   Mr. President, I ask consent that the following remarks be entered in  a separate part of the journal.    Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about Lee  Philip Rudofsky, the President's nominee to the United States District  Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas.   In a few minutes, this body will vote to move ahead with this  nomination. Lee has a long and impressive resume, from Harvard Law  School to the White House Office of Legal Counsel, to Kirkland & Ellis,  and beyond. His early career and qualifications speak for themselves.  Lee is no stranger to serving Arkansans. He was our State's very first  solicitor general. Lee left a good job at Wal-Mart to take that  position and face the many challenges that come with it. He also moved  3 hours from his loving wife and three young kids to work around the  clock for the people of Arkansas.   That hard work paid off for all of us. According to esteemed members  of Arkansas' legal community from both parties, Lee ``established  Arkansas Solicitor General's Office as one of the finest legal  practices in the State of Arkansas.''   He has subsequently become a respected professor and recruiter at one  of our State's two law schools, and Lee is also a leader at his local  synagogue and a member of the local chapter of the American Inns of  Court.   After the Senate votes to confirm him later this week, Lee will draw  from this deep well of experience as he continues to serve the people  of Arkansas with devotion and distinction. He will bring to the bench  his intelligence, character, and, above all, commitment to the rule of  law and the administration of equal justice under the law.   I was honored to introduce Lee before the Judiciary Committee earlier  this year. I am now honored, again, to speak on his behalf today. Lee  is an exceptional selection for the Federal bench. I am happy to call  him friend, and soon I look forward to calling him a judge.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to start the votes  now.   