 Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished chairman for  yielding and for his tremendous leadership on behalf of the hardworking  Federal employees who serve this Nation in such a tremendous fashion.   I rise today in strong support of this legislation which will provide  a modest and well-deserved cost-of-living increase for the Federal  workforce.   For 35 days, this administration recklessly shut down the government  so it could try to fund a campaign applause line. For 35 days, this  administration shut down the government and held hardworking employees  hostage using them like bargaining chips from a bankrupt casino. For 35  days, hundreds of thousands of Federal employees were furloughed,  putting their well-being in jeopardy.   For 35 days, members of the Coast Guard, air traffic controllers, TSA  agents, FBI agents, Border Patrol agents, Secret Service agents, and so  many others were forced to work without pay in the wealthiest country  in the history of the world. For 35 days, these hardworking Federal  employees across the country from north to south to east to west  stepped up for us. Now it is time for this Congress to step up for  them.   Over the last 2 years, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  have spent their time working on behalf of the wealthy, the well-off,  and the well-connected. That is the only way, Mr. Chairman, that you  can explain jamming a reckless tax scam down the throats of the  American people where 83 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest  1 percent.   House Democrats will spend our time fighting for working families,  middle class folks, senior citizens, the poor, the sick, the afflicted,  and veterans from all across this country, many of whom, by the way,  are part of the Federal workforce. We are going to continue to stand up  for them.   We promised the American people that we would increase pay for  everyday Americans. Keeping that promise begins today. Day after day,  week after week, and month after month we will continue to do  everything possible as we fight hard for the people.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this legislation, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same. I thank the distinguished chair and this  wonderful committee for their great work.   