 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my  straightforward, commonsense amendment which would specifically examine  how illicit foreign money was used to carry out disinformation and  propaganda campaigns focused on depressing turnout among African  American and other minority communities and the success or failure of  these efforts during our recent elections. This amendment would also  call for recommendations to address these concerns in future elections.   Republicans and Democrats agree that foreign adversaries should never  be allowed to sow discord in our political system and interfere with  our electoral process. Unfortunately, in the last two elections, we saw  massive misinformation campaigns launched by hostile foreign powers,  and we know--we know--those efforts disproportionately targeted African  American communities.   Last May, the House Judiciary Committee released a trove of over  3,500 Facebook ads posted by Russia-linked accounts between 2014 and  2017. In 2015, for instance, Kremlin-backed accounts tweeted and  retweeted dozens of messages manipulating the tragic mass shooting at  the predominantly African American Mother Emanuel AME Church in  downtown Charleston. Ads like this reached over 11.4 million people.   Russia has sought to influence our democratic process by stoking  racial, religious, and political differences, and this has had real  consequences. African American turnout declined in 2016 for the  Presidential election for the first time in 20 years, according to the  U.S. Census Bureau, falling to less than 60 percent, from a record high  of 66.6 percent in 2012.   Election security is not a partisan issue; it is essential to our  democracy; and Americans deserve to have the confidence of knowing the  information they seek hasn't been manipulated by foreign adversaries.   Our next elections are quickly approaching, so the time to show the  world that we stand united on election security is now. I ask all my  colleagues, Republicans and Democrats alike, to support this amendment  to protect against foreign interference in America's elections.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, in closing, I urge both Democrats and  Republicans to support this commonsense amendment to prevent malicious  misinformation and propaganda campaigns from targeting African American  and other minority communities.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, today I rise in support of my amendment  to help protect our Nation's veterans and servicemembers from targeted  disinformation campaigns bankrolled by foreign governments.   Earlier this month the Republican-led Senate Intelligence Committee  released its report on Russia's attempts to interfere with the 2016  U.S. Presidential election. In that report, the committee described how  Russian-influenced operatives created fake online personas to target  specific groups, including veterans, with the goal of sowing discord in  the American political system.   To that end, operatives created social media pages impersonating  congressionally-chartered veteran service organizations, or VSOs, to  push their divisive message. In one such case, a page impersonating  Vietnam Veterans of America run by a troll farm in Bulgaria grew to  nearly 200,000 followers before it was shut down.   After learning of this illicit account, VVA launched their own 2-year  investigation into the issue, and they found more than 150 similar  efforts across every major social media platform.   And while I think their actions are reprehensible, I have to admit  that their approach makes sense. Numerous studies have shown that  veterans vote at higher rates than those who haven't served. And those  votes are especially concentrated in swing states. In my South Carolina  district, veterans make up nearly 13 percent of the voting population,  so I for one prefer my chances against a fellow American, rather than a  campaign run out of a troll farm in Saint Petersburg.   Joking aside, it is unacceptable that we are allowing those same men  and women who have served our Nation overseas to be susceptible to  these malign influences. That is why I am proud to support the  underlying bill, which would prohibit foreign governments from  sponsoring influenced campaigns designed to affect the outcome of a  Federal election.  [[Page H8437]]    But since we know that foreign adversaries aren't interested in  playing by our own rules, my amendment would require the FEC to  investigate those foreign influence campaigns after each election so we  can put a stop to them.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, in closing, I want to thank Chairwoman  Lofgren for her leadership on the House Administration Committee and  all the members of the committee for their work on this critical  legislation. I also want to thank Chairman McGovern and the members of  the Rules Committee for allowing my amendments to come to the floor. I  want to thank my colleague, Mr. Davis, across the aisle for his work.  And I hope that all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join  me in supporting my straightforward, commonsense amendment, as well as  the underlying bill.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   