 Madam President, I rise to call attention to our Federal  Government's unsustainable fiscal path.   Earlier this month the Congressional Budget Office reported that  Federal  [[Page S5644]]  revenues are up 3 percent, or $102 billion, compared to the same time  period last year. The problem is that Federal spending grew by 7  percent, or $271 billion, over that same period. CBO projects the  deficit for this year to reach $960 billion, which means that 22 cents  of every dollar the government spends is borrowed.   All of that borrowing doesn't come cheap. In the first 11 months of  the year, net interest payments on the public debt totaled $391  billion. That is up $48 billion, or 14 percent, over the previous year.   To put that in context, $391 billion is roughly 2\1/2\ times what we  spend each year on the U.S. Air Force. It is more than 12 times the  size of the budget of the entire U.S. Department of Justice and more  than 5 times the size of the budget for the U.S. Department of  Education. That is $391 billion spent with nothing to show for it. It  is just like running up credit card debt and owing a whole bunch of  interest without getting anything for it. That is what our future  generation is really going to have to worry about.   What is worse, unless something is done to change our current  trajectory, annual net interest costs are projected to more than double  in the next 10 years. CBO projects that over the next decade we will  spend more than $5.8 trillion on net interest costs. All the while, our  debt will continue to mount. That doesn't pay down anything; that just  pays the interest, and that is calculated at a pretty low interest  rate. We could be faced with higher interest rates, which could easily  double what we are paying right now.   We have been fortunate that despite Congress's spendthrift ways, the  U.S. dollar remains the dominant global reserve currency, which allows  our government to borrow more cheaply than anybody else. But what if  that changes? What if foreign interests decide that our fiscal  dysfunction is simply too great and the dollar is no longer a safe bet?   The threat of a fiscal crisis is not something anyone should take  lightly. Last month, the CBO--that is the Congressional Budget Office,  which does all the calculations--warned: ``If Federal debt as a  percentage of [gross domestic product] continued to rise at the pace  the Congressional Budget Office projects that it would under current  law . . . [t]hat debt path would [ultimately] pose significant risks to  the fiscal and economic outlook.''   While the Congressional Budget Office notes that those risks are not  currently apparent in financial markets, it goes on to warn that the  projected path of rising debt would increase ``the risk of a fiscal  crisis . . . in which the interest rate on federal debt rises abruptly  because investors have lost confidence in the U.S. government's fiscal  position.''   As a father and a grandfather, this is a concern that keeps me up at  night. What kind of burden are we placing on our children and on our  grandchildren? They could face a future of less growth and economic  opportunity as a result of our refusal to make difficult fiscal  decisions.   What if we actually had to make massive cuts? We don't make cuts at  all. What if we had to do massive cuts? Of course, we could raise  revenue, but there is always the side effect of raising revenue, which  costs jobs and then reduces revenue. There are a lot of tricky balances  that have to be done.   This problem didn't arise overnight, and it will not be fixed  overnight either. Congress should be working together with the  administration now to begin the long process of fiscal course  correction. Unfortunately, we are not off to a great start.   Prior to the August State work period, Congress passed the Bipartisan  Budget Act of 2019, which increased discretionary spending caps for  fiscal years 2020 and 2021 by a combined $322 billion. That is the  increase. This essentially marks the end of the Budget Control Act  period of federal budgeting. In a form that was all too common, a tool  that was meant to bring fiscal constraint met its end with a whimper,  when it probably should have been a scream.   The last cap deal--which CBO tells us will cost nearly $2 trillion  over the next 10 years if we continue spending at those levels over  that time period--featured $77 billion in offsets.   What is an offset? That is finding some money to cover the amount of  spending. I think you heard correctly there. The cap deal put us on a  path to spend nearly $2 trillion over the next 10 years with $77  billion--billion with a ``b''--in offsets, which is money to cover the  debt. To make matters worse, those offsets will not even begin to kick  in until the latter part of the next decade. In other words, we are  saying there is a little patch of money out there that we haven't spent  in the future yet, and it isn't going to come in for 10 years, but  let's go ahead and spend it right now, and we will call that an offset  to reduce the amount of debt we are creating. Boy, everybody wishes  they could do that with their own spending, I am sure.   The offsets--the money to cover the debt, which is the mere $77  billion on $2 trillion--will not come in until the latter part of the  next decade. In other words, we are spending money from 10 years down  the road right now and calling it payment on the money we are spending.   Even with this turn of events, everyone seems to agree that  discretionary spending is not the main source of our budget challenge.  The Congressional Budget Office projects America's debt will continue  to increase rapidly over the next several decades because of mandatory  spending.   What is mandatory spending? That is spending we don't make a decision  on at all. Those payments go on no matter what, and they are pretty  important ones because they include things like Social Security and the  major health programs and interest on the debt. That is mandatory. We  can't bankrupt on paying the interest, so Social Security, Medicare,  Medicaid, and interest on the debt are some of the main expenditures we  make, and we never make any decisions on them. We do not change them.  We don't improve them.   For decades, nonpartisan experts warned of budget pressures we would  face as baby boomers aged and began to retire. That is already  happening, but that crisis is always tomorrow. We only handle today's  crises. I can't imagine how tomorrow's people are going to handle the  crisis that is being created at the present time. The combination of  aging population, longer lifespans, and rising per beneficiary  healthcare costs put enormous pressure on our budget.   These warnings from the Congressional Budget Office, the actuaries,  and many other people, you name it, continue to be ignored. We are now  in a world where these pressures are very real and something we will  need to face before we go off the cliff in a few short years.   We know the Social Security trust fund and Medicare's Hospital  Insurance Trust Fund are now paying out more than they are taking in.  We also know Social Security's combined trust funds will be exhausted  in 2032. ``That is way down the road.'' No, it is not. The Medicare  Hospital Insurance Trust Fund--which covers inpatient hospital  services, hospice care, skilled nursing facilities, and home health  services--is projected to be depleted in 2026. That is not very far. If  we continue to do nothing once their respective trust funds are  exhausted, these programs will still be able to pay out some money, but  they will only be able to pay out as much in benefits as they have  coming in. I mentioned that we have a lot less coming in than we are  paying out. For Medicare, that means we will only be able to pay 86  percent of hospital-related Medicare spending. For Social Security,  revenue is projected to cover only 76 percent of scheduled benefits. I  don't know many seniors who can afford a 24-percent cut.   I want to make sure Social Security and Medicare are able to provide  benefits to current beneficiaries, as well as those who need them in  the future. That will require being clear-eyed about the problem and  working together in a bipartisan manner to ensure that these programs  are solvent. The normal technique on trying to solve any of these  problems is to point the finger at the other side and say it is their  fault and they are not doing anything about it. Well, we are all going  to have to do something about it. We are talking about a 24-percent cut  in Social Security.   The longer we wait to address the imbalance, the more severe the  changes will be and the fewer options we will have. I remember looking  at these  [[Page S5645]]  problems in the year 2000, and at that time there were quite a few  options, but all were rejected. Today there are a lot less options and  a bigger cliff. We need to change the way we do things in Washington.  We simply cannot afford to continue ignoring the challenges our country  faces.   I yield the floor.   