 Mr. President, last month, both the Senate and the House  of Representatives resolved, on a bipartisan basis, to terminate the  President's declaration of a national emergency along our southern  border. I was proud to lead the charge before this body to terminate  that declaration--a declaration the President is using to raid  congressionally appropriated military construction funds to build this  border wall. Plain and simple, the President's emergency declaration is  an end-run around Congress's spending powers and the Constitution.   Last week, a Federal district judge agreed and concluded that the  President's declaration is ``unlawful.'' Article I, section 9, of the  Constitution could not be clearer. It reads: ``No Money shall be drawn  from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. .  . .''   The Founders gave Congress the power to appropriate--the power of the  purse. This is one of the most consequential powers. Congress has this  power to make sure that decisions about how public dollars are spent  have widespread support and are not the product of an extreme minority,  let alone one man.   Our power to appropriate is part of the system of checks and balances  built into our Constitution. The Founders made sure that the three  branches of government exercised their own separate and limited powers,  and they made sure that no one branch and no one person could exercise  too much power, especially over the use of taxpayer money.   The President's emergency declaration is an unconstitutional power  grab. Congress has not fully funded his requests for border wall  funding. We set different budget priorities. Our priorities include the  $3.6 billion worth of 127 military construction projects across 23  States, 3 Territories, and 20 countries, and the President canceled  them.   But this President will not accept Congress's judgment or our  constitutional authority. His emergency declaration is an exercise of  power that is just not his under the Constitution.   Our system of checks and balances only works if each branch has the  will to check the other branch if there is encroachment. We have seen  some good bipartisan pushback, but this is the point where we need more  of that. It is up to Congress, the legislative branch, to guard our  constitutional authority and to exercise the will to do so.   The President has now vetoed Congress's resolution, and it is up to  this body to assert our constitutional authority and override that  veto. Not only is a fundamental constitutional principle at stake, but  the President's emergency declaration has real life impacts--impacts to  our national security and impacts to the 23 States whose projects are  now gone.   My home State of New Mexico is one of those 23 States. We are home to  two military bases that will be hit by the President's raid on military  construction projects to fund his wall.   Scuttled is an $85 million project at Holloman Air Force Base that  would improve drone pilot training facilities that are aging, have  sinkholes, and bat infestation. Training our military to pilot drones  is mission critical in this day and age. The Air Force is battling a  shortage of these pilots.   At White Sands Missile Range, a $40 million project designed to  replace an aging and fire-damaged information systems facility has been  cut. This project was to prepare the range to take on the next  generation of missiles and weapons testing, including future hypersonic  testing.   Twenty-two other States are losing military construction projects,  from Alabama to Arizona, North Carolina to Texas, and Maine to Florida.  In Utah, the Air Force has sought a new control center at Hill Air  Force Base to replace ``structurally deficient'' and dilapidated World  War II-era warehouses for mission control. In Louisiana, the Air  National Guard sought to replace an aircraft parking ramp in a New  Orleans facility that exposes the public to an ``unacceptable risk'' of  being impacted by an explosive accident.   In Indiana, Army servicemembers have worked in violation of safety  standards for handling explosives and need additional space for  munitions. In Kentucky, the military seeks to repair ``substandard,  deficient, inadequate, and undersized facilities'' at a middle school  at Fort Campbell that ``impair the overall education program'' for the  children of servicemembers.   Not only is New Mexico one of the States hit by the President's  canceling important military construction projects, but we are one of  four States that borders Mexico. We are ground zero for the President's  border wall and the havoc it will wreak on our communities, our way of  life, the local economies, landowners, and the environment. New Mexico  and Mexico share a 180-mile border. This border passes  [[Page S5862]]  through three counties--Dona Ana, Luna, and Hidalgo--that are home to  11 percent of our State's population. A majority of the population in  those counties is Hispanic. We have vibrant communities along the  border and near the border, including our second largest city, Las  Cruces, 45 minutes from Mexico.   We have two ports of entry--in Columbus and Santa Teresa--that are  bustling with commerce, international trade, and hundreds who cross the  border daily to visit family and friends, to go to school, and to shop.   I know our border communities. I can tell you for a fact, there is no  justification for the diversion of military construction funding away  from our troops and to this wall.   Now, I support smart border security and have voted many times to  fund smart investment. New Mexico knows what real border security is:  well-funded, well-trained, adequate resources; mobile assets;  surveillance technology combined with well-staffed ports of entry that  welcome commerce, visitors, and also asylum-seekers seeking refuge from  horrific persecution.   The President's wall, at upward of $25 million per mile, is not a  smart investment. It is antiquated and is not designed for today's  challenges. This wasteful approach contrasts to the sound investment we  made in the Columbus port of entry. Commerce, personal vehicle traffic,  and foot traffic have increased exponentially over the years. Customs  and Border Protection needed more secure facilities. We pushed to  expand and update this New Mexico port. For $90 million, we greatly  enhanced border security and added to economic growth. Now, that is a  wise investment of taxpayer dollars.   In New Mexico, we are concerned about the land grab underway by this  administration. They are pushing to expropriate private lands for the  President's wall, and there are lots of landowners who don't want their  lands cut in half or made unusable.   We can't get answers from the administration about what they are  doing, and so Senator Heinrich and I, along with Senator Schumer and  Senator Durbin, requested the Government Accountability Office to  investigate the number of citizens who could have their land seized,  the cost of property acquisitions, and the time it will take. I am  pleased the GAO has opened an inquiry. Not only is there concern that  the Trump administration will skirt eminent domain laws, but there is a  real threat that environmental laws will be tossed out the window in  the administration's rush to fulfill the President's campaign promise  to build 500 miles of wall.   The wall would run through hundreds of miles of untouched, pristine  lands that are home to wildlife like antelope, deer, and javelina. A  wall will tear up these lands and their vegetation, cause erosion and  flooding, and cut off migratory paths for wildlife.   The Department of the Interior is set to transfer 500 acres of lands  in New Mexico, Arizona, and California to the Army for the President's  wall, and 213 of those acres are in my State. The Department of the  Interior is supposed to protect our natural resources, not endanger  them with a border wall that will compromise their ecological value,  destroy habitat connectivity, and harm wildlife.   The President's wall and his divisive rhetoric toward immigrants is  deeply offensive to New Mexicans. We have strong family, cultural, and  economic ties to Mexico. We are a proud multicultural State. Our  diversity does not divide us; it defines us. It is our strength.   This body holds the power of the purse, not the President. Now is the  time to affirm this constitutional power and affirm the appropriations  decisions we have made for our own States and the Nation.   We should override the President's veto and make sure that legitimate  national security interests are protected by seeing that the 127  military construction projects go forward on schedule.   I yield the floor.   