 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I tell you that H.R. 8 will do little more than further  burden law-abiding gun owners. Without an unconstitutional Federal gun  registry, this bill is impossible to enforce.   There is no gun show loophole. Federal law is the same regardless of  where a firearm sale takes place. Federal law requires all firearms  dealers to be licensed and to initiate a background check before  transferring a firearm to a nondealer, regardless of where that  transfer takes place.   As for nondealers, Federal law prohibits transferring a firearm to  anyone known or believed to be prohibited from possessing firearms.  That is already the law.   According to DOJ, less than 1 percent of criminals in State prison  for firearm crimes get their firearms from dealers or nondealers at gun  shows. According to ATF, 6 percent of Federal armed career criminals  got their firearms from dealers or nondealers at gun shows.   Online sales loophole: There is no online sales loophole. The Federal  law is the same regardless of how people communicate about selling or  buying a firearm.   Federal law prohibits anyone, licensed firearm dealer or not, from  shipping a firearm to a person who lives in another State unless the  receiver is also a dealer. Dealers must document all firearms they  receive.   H.R. 8 also fails to include many of the realistic exceptions to the  new background check requirements for private transfers, such as  transfers between law enforcement officers outside of their duties,  transfers to concealed carry permit holders, transfers to museums or  licensed collectors, transfers to Active Duty military, and many more.   H.R. 8 includes an exception to the background check transfer if the  transfer is necessary to prevent imminent death or great bodily harm.  But that transfer is only allowed for the length of time that it is  necessary to prevent imminent death or great bodily harm. It doesn't  even define those terms.   What about a false alarm? Does it extend to domestic violence fears  if the person is not getting attacked immediately? Gun rights groups  have argued that without a definition, this provision would only  provide protection in instances where it is likely too late for the  victim to make it out safely.   Finally, H.R. 8 would not have prevented any of the recent high- profile shootings. In those cases, the shooter either passed a Federal  background check or stole the firearms they used.   