 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Doyle for yielding  time this afternoon.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1644. Phone calls and  letters from my constituents make it abundantly clear that they want to  see broadband internet expanded in their communities, they want greater  consumer protections, and they want it now. The digital divide is  holding them down.   Until someone has lived in a community, Mr. Chairman, that does not  have reliable access to high-speed internet, one cannot comprehend its  importance. Internet connectivity enables students regardless of their  financial circumstances the opportunity to access world-class  educational resources. It spurs economic growth by giving businesses an  opportunity to connect with customers throughout the world. It can help  bring access to quality healthcare for families in rural communities.   I say to my friends on the other side, this legislation is not a  socialist initiative. It is America, my friends, in the 21st century.   This bill provides permanent net neutrality protections and secures a  free and neutral internet for constituents. This legislation will  ensure that all Americans--Democrat, Republican, Libertarian,  Independent, and Green Party--will have their voices heard, their  stories told, and equal access to the information that is important to  them.   The Save the Internet Act addresses the way in which internet traffic  is handled before it reaches the consumer--an important step toward  closing the digital divide and making the digital economy more  inclusive. The internet was developed to enable user choice about what  content to access. That is why we need to pass this legislation, and we  need to pass it now.   I appreciate the work of Chairman Doyle and the Democratic Caucus for  understanding the urgency of passing this legislation.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  legislation. Let's send it to the Senate. Let's try to reason with our  friends in the Senate, and let's get it passed and protect the  internet.   