 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the need to fix our  broken budget and spending process.   Picking up efforts we began in the 114th Congress, the Senate Budget  Committee has spent the last several months holding hearings and  meetings with Members of Congress, State officials, the administration,  and stakeholder groups to listen to their budget  [[Page S5171]]  reform priorities. Along the way, we have collected a lot of good  ideas.   Today, I come to the floor to outline the fiscal reform plan that  incorporates a lot of the feedback we received. It reflects suggestions  from Members on both sides of the aisle and from groups that span the  political spectrum. These reforms are not driven by politics but,  instead, are rooted in fixing our broken budget and spending process in  favor of a system that works for everyone.   In developing this plan, my focus was on creating a durable system to  substantially manage our country's finances, to improve transparency,  to improve oversight, to improve accountability in the budget process,  and to end the brinksmanship in our fiscal debates.   I have broken the plan down into four separate discussion drafts,  which I am sharing this week with Senate Budget Committee members. Each  of the drafts tackles a different aspect of the broken budget and  spending process.   The first proposal is the most ambitious. It would reorient the  budget process around long-term planning and shift the Federal  Government to a biennial budgeting and spending system. There are 20  States, including my home State of Wyoming, that have some form of  biennial budgeting and appropriations. I have long believed that one of  the most important reforms we could do at the Federal level would be to  move to a biennial process to have the problem only every other year.   The plan proposes to maintain the budget resolution as a concurrent  resolution but with a few important changes.   First, it would change how we write the budget. Topline discretionary  figures would be clearly stated in the resolution, while mandatory  spending would continue to be displayed on a portfolio basis. This new  approach will allow each individual Member to have more of a say in the  budget through the amendment process.    Second, it would require the budget resolution to include debt-to-GDP  targets to focus Congress on creating a path to stabilize our debt  levels and sustainably manage our finances. It could even provide an  estimate of anticipated revenues.   Third, the plan would allow for, upon adoption of a concurrent  resolution on the budget, the automatic enrollment of a bill that would  set discretionary spending caps--something that has taken until right  now to get done this year--enforced by both Congress and OMB and  increase the debt limit in line with the levels assumed in the  resolution. It saves a lot of time.   The proposal seeks to encourage Congress and the President to reach  agreement on a fiscal framework early in the budget process while  maintaining the budget resolution as a congressional document. The  budget resolution would be enforced whether or not the President signs  the joint resolution.   To encourage Congress to adhere to its budget blueprint, the proposal  would create a special reconciliation process that would be triggered  if the Congressional Budget Office finds that Congress is not on a path  toward meeting the budget resolution's fiscal target that everybody  voted on. This process would allow Congress to make surgical changes to  achieve the debt target and could only be used for deficit reduction.  The Byrd rule, which prohibits changes to Social Security in  reconciliation, would apply.   The plan also seeks to get legislative committees more involved in  the budget process. It would require them, at the beginning of the  process, to share their plans to address spending on unauthorized  programs in their jurisdiction, as well as programs that Agency-based  inspectors general and the Government Accountability Office have  identified as ``in need of improvement.'' For that budget cycle, the  committee would have to suggest a dollar amount for those programs  listed as ``such sums.''   It would change our committee's name to the Fiscal Control Committee  to better reflect the committee's focus on setting spending and revenue  guardrails. It would also require the chairs and ranking members of the  Appropriations and Finance Committees, if not already members of the  Fiscal Control Committee, to serve as nonvoting members of the  committee. This change is intended to increase the input in the primary  spending and taxing committees in developing fiscal plans.   The second discussion draft I am releasing deals with congressional  budget enforcement. Justice Louis Brandeis once wrote that ``sunlight  is said to be the best disinfectant.'' In keeping with this principle,  the proposal would require reports tracking Congress's adherence to its  budget plan to be regularly printed in the Congressional Record and  posted on a publicly accessible website. This would help ensure that  Members of Congress and the leadership of each committee are  accountable for their fiscal decisions.   The other two components of this draft deal with Senate budget points  of order, which are the means through which the body enforces  congressional budgets and rules. These points of order are supposed to  create a meaningful obstacle to breaching the budget, but in recent  years they have been routinely ignored or waived.   The discussion draft proposes to make it harder to rewrite  ``inconvenient'' budget rules. There have been a number of attempts in  recent years to rewrite budget rules outside of the normal budget  process to allow for more spending. There is already a point of order  against this practice under the Congressional Budget Act, but that  point of order lies against the whole measure, making it a very blunt  instrument. The discussion draft would make the current point of order  surgical so it would target only the offending provision without  threatening to shut down the whole bill.   In a similar vein, the discussion draft would disallow global waivers  for surgical points of order. Right now, any Senator can make a single  motion to waive all budget points of order that lie against a measure.  These global waivers allow numerous budget rules to be broken with one  vote, regardless of whether the points of order that lie are surgical  or apply to the whole measure. These waivers have even been used to  preemptively prevent surgical points of order that could alter the bill  text from being raised. The discussion draft aims to end that practice  and ensure the ability of Senators to raise points of order that could  remedy a budget violation without killing the bill.   The third discussion draft I am releasing deals with Congressional  Budget Office operations and transparency. The CBO serves a vital role  in the budget and legislative processes. While the Agency's  longstanding mission has been to produce timely, objective, and  accurate information for Congress, there have been growing calls for  increased transparency in the estimating process. The discussion draft  aims to build on bipartisan transparency reforms already underway at  the CBO in a number of ways.   No. 1, it would require CBO to report on its transparency  initiatives, review past estimates to see where the Agency got it right  or got it wrong, and produce underlying data for its estimates of major  legislation.   No. 2, it would require interest costs to be included as supplemental  information in cost estimates, ensuring that lawmakers and the public  have better information about the true costs of legislation.   No. 3, it would require public cost estimates of appropriations  legislation. Unlike legislation reported from authorizing committees,  there is not currently a requirement for CBO to provide public  estimates of legislation reported by the Appropriations Committee.   No. 4, it would require CBO and the Government Accountability Office  to conduct ongoing portfolio reviews of Federal programs to help  lawmakers identify spending on duplicative, overlapping, and fragmented  programs, as well as long-term funding trends and liabilities.   That was my third discussion draft.   My fourth discussion draft relates to how budget resolutions are  considered on the Senate floor. The Congressional Budget Act provides  special expedited procedures for consideration of a budget resolution  on the Senate floor. These procedures were meant to ensure that the  budget is considered and adopted in a deliberate but efficient manner.  However, arcane floor procedures and a quirk of the act have undermined  this intent by allowing a  [[Page S5172]]  marathon of votes known as a vote-arama. Once debate on the budget has  ended, we have a vote-arama. Without time for debate or analysis of  what is being proposed, this process is not conducive to substantive  consideration of fiscal policy and serves as a major deterrent to  considering a budget on the floor. The discussion draft aims to  establish a more orderly process for Senate consideration of the budget  resolution that ensures the ability of Senators from both sides of  the aisle to offer and have votes on amendments.    It would change the current 50-hour rule on debate of a budget  resolution to a limit on consideration and force the Senate to consider  amendments after all allotted general debate time expires. Amendments  would alternate between those offered by the minority and those offered  by the majority, and the maximum debate time on the first-degree  amendments would be reduced from 2 hours to 1 hour, to allow for the  consideration of more amendments.   Under this proposal, even if the maximum debate time was burned on  each amendment, 24 amendments could be considered. Coincidentally, 24  is both the average and the median number of rollcall votes on budget  resolutions since 1976. Of course, it isn't 1 minute of debate. It  would be an hour of debate.   This proposal would apply only to the Senate consideration of budget  resolutions. It would not preclude adoption of a managers' package,  apply to reconciliation bills, or change House procedures.   We can all agree that the current budget and spending system has  broken down. Reforming this dysfunctional system has been a goal of  mine since entering the Senate and is one of my top priorities before I  leave this body at the end of this Congress.   I encourage my colleagues to consider the reform ideas I have laid  out today and invite their feedback. I am hopeful that through this  process, we will be able to reach bipartisan agreement to end the  current dysfunction and put our country back toward a sustainable  fiscal future--and on time so we will not have government shutdowns.   I yield the floor.   