 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1972, to rename the  post office at 1100 West Kent Avenue in Missoula as the Jeannette  Rankin Post Office Building.   Born and raised in Montana, Jeannette Rankin was a principled,  fearless leader who paved the way for women in public service.   She was a fierce proponent for women's suffrage. She led the  successful campaign to secure the right to vote for women in Montana 6  years before ratification of the 19th Amendment that granted women the  right to vote throughout our country.   Her dedication to public service did not stop with advocating for  women's suffrage. Two years after Montana enfranchised women, Montanans  elected Rankin to the U.S. Congress. She became the first woman ever to  serve in this body.   Jeannette Rankin was a trailblazer for women's rights in our Nation.  It is an honor to recognize her and her lasting contributions to our  country.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring Jeannette  Rankin by renaming the post office in her hometown of Missoula,  Montana, in her memory.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington for  yielding. Mr. Newhouse has been a leader in responding to the crisis of  missing and murdered indigenous women, and for that I thank him for his  leadership.   In late August, Kaysera Stops Pretty Places who just turned 18, was  supposed to join her mother to see a relative in North Dakota. She  didn't make it. She disappeared. No one could reach her. Days later,  her body was found besides a woodpile in Hardin, Montana. The  circumstances surrounding her disappearance and death remain a mystery.  Hers is one story of far too many. This tragic epidemic must end.   These are our sisters, our daughters, and our granddaughters. Their  cases often do not receive the attention they deserve. Their families  deserve justice. Over the past months, I have met with Montanans in  each of our 56 counties, and in the eight recognized Tribal  governments. I have often heard of the challenges faced to address this  crisis. We must do better.   When someone goes missing, time is of the essence. Improving  cooperation amongst local, State, Tribal, and Federal Governments is  critical. I heard over and over of the challenges in delays in  performing background checks for applicants to Tribal law enforcement.    In one recent visit, Tribal leadership at one reservation shared with  me that only 4 of their 14 law enforcement positions were currently  filled, preventing them from effectively implementing the law on the  reservation.   The BADGES for Native Communities Act, which I cosponsor with the  gentleman from Washington, speeds up that process with the Bureau of  Indian Affairs. The legislation also improves information sharing and  reporting between Federal and Tribal law enforcement.   The BADGES for Native Communities Act also builds on Savanna's Act,  which I also cosponsor with the gentleman from Washington. Savanna's  Act addresses this epidemic by issuing new guidelines for investigating  cases of missing and murdered indigenous women.   I urge the committees of jurisdiction to consider the BADGES for  Native American Communities Act, and I urge House leaders to bring up  the bill for a vote.   Finally, at a time when we should be dedicating our time and  resources to this crisis, the Federal Government shouldn't stretch  itself too thin. For 5 years, the FBI dedicated a full-time agent to  combating human trafficking. The Bureau recently announced that it  would divide that agent's time between human trafficking and Indian  Country.   In September, I urged the FBI Director to dedicate a full-time agent  to addressing human trafficking, and another agent to fighting crime in  Indian Country. The FBI should allow each full-time agent to dedicate  his or her time, attention, and resources solely to his or her unique,  pressing law enforcement challenge. At this critical juncture, now is  not the time to be penny wise and pound foolish.   There is more we must do for Kaysera Stops Pretty Places and  thousands of missing indigenous women across our country.   I thank Mr. Newhouse and all of my colleagues for their help in  bringing needed attention to this serious issue.   