 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table H.R. 3401, with the Senate amendment thereto, and  concur in the Senate amendment.    Madam Speaker, it is nice to know that my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle now recognize it as a crisis.   The President asked 58 days ago for a supplemental appropriation to  deal with this issue. It was ignored. We have tried 18 times to bring  up a bill on the floor to deal with supplemental appropriations for  humanitarian aid at the border, and it was ignored.   My friends on the other side of the aisle said they want to improve  the bill. They want to ignore the fact that the Senate took up the  House bill and overwhelmingly rejected it on a bipartisan basis.   Then they passed a bipartisan bill 84-8, which doesn't happen over  there very often. We have gone through a list of those who voted in  favor, including Senator Schumer and Senator Durbin, yet somehow the  House wants to ignore it. At least the majority in the House want to  ignore it.   How they want to improve the bill, you may ask? Well, let's start by  simply reducing or eliminating border security, that appears to be  optional to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. They want to  take a hatchet to ICE. These are law enforcement personnel.   My son is a police officer. He puts on a vest every day. If you told  me we were going to withhold payroll or overtime when they are doing  the job, I would be offended, I would be disgusted, and I am, at this  moment in time.   Let me ask how many over there would put on a vest, go out and do the  job, and then hear, we may or may not pay you? Do I see any hands  raised? I doubt it.   Law enforcement is struggling to do a job, an extraordinarily tough  job, and we want to make it harder. So let me suggest, as the UC  request was made, that we take up the bill that was passed by the  Senate and we pass it.   And I ask for your attention over there, sir, unless, of course, you  decided that policy is being made by a fragment of your conference,  unless you decided that you are going to turn over the gavel to a  fragment of your conference to make decisions for you, which may well  appear to be the case. But let's be honest to the American people and  tell them that a fragment, a small portion, of your conference is now  functioning as a Speaker of the House.   