 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Medicaid Extenders Act of 2019,  a bipartisan Medicaid package that moves forward House priorities with  responsible offsets.  [[Page H236]]    The Energy and Commerce Committee worked to draft this critical  legislation before us today. This language passed in the House of  Representatives in the last Congress as part of the IMPROVE Act, but in  the other body they failed to send the bill to the President's desk. I  urge my colleagues in both the House and the Senate to support this  important bill.   The package extends funding for the Money Follows the Person  demonstration, an effort led by Representatives Brett Guthrie and  Debbie Dingell. This Medicaid demonstration, which was established in  2005, has enabled eligible individuals in States across the Nation to  receive long-term care services in their homes or other community  settings, rather than in institutions or nursing homes. Not only does  this increase the comfort and the quality of life for many Medicaid  beneficiaries, but it has reduced hospital readmissions and saved money  within the Medicaid program.   The funding for this program has already expired, and a funding  extension is already long overdue. While we would like to have extended  the funding for longer, it was essential to get an extension across the  floor, even if it is just for a small period of time.   A 3-month extension for the protection for Medicaid recipients of  home- and community-based services against spousal impoverishment is  also included. This effort was championed by Representatives Fred Upton  and Debbie Dingell. Our seniors are among our most vulnerable citizens,  and it is programs like this one that help protect them from financial  ruin.   This program specifically protects married individuals requiring  Medicaid-covered long-term services and supports to ensure that they do  not have to deplete their financial resources or bankrupt themselves in  order to become or remain Medicaid eligible to receive such services.   In an effort to be fiscally responsible, this legislation includes  several offsets that make this package on net a saver.   One of those offsets will require States to come into compliance with  the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2008 regarding Medicaid asset  verification programs. This 2008 law required States to implement asset  verification programs in order to determine or redetermine eligibility,  and the Affordable Care Act required such programs to be filed  electronically.   Currently, only 33 States have operational programs. This provision  will bring the remaining States up to speed by levying a penalty on  States that do not have a program in place by 2020. This package  contains must-pass provisions that the Energy and Commerce Committee  has long fought to pass. The provisions included in this legislation  will improve access for Medicaid beneficiaries, which is laudable and  an important goal. Not only are these provisions imperative, but they  are responsibly offset.    I particularly thank the Energy and Commerce Committee staffer, Caleb  Graff, who has spent countless hours negotiating and getting this  package to the floor. I support this legislation and urge Members of  the House and Senate to do so as well.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie), the primary sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers. We did pass  this bill in this House in December. I urge all Members to support the  bill as it goes forward today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   We often hear it said that life is a multiple of threes, and here we  are, the third time, passing this important legislation.   One hundred years ago, this country was in the midst of the worst  pandemic in its history, claiming the lives of almost 700,000 Americans  and killing more than 50 million people worldwide.   As we discuss the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing  Innovation Act of 2019, it is paramount that we remember the  significance of the centennial anniversary of the 1918 influenza  pandemic.   I must also note, again, the third time the House has passed this  legislation. We have clearly done our work, and it is time for the  other body to do their work and send this bill to the President's desk.   The creation of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response  under the original legislation in 2006 has helped us to make monumental  strides in preparedness, coordination, and response.   Close collaboration and efforts between the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration, and our  State, local, Tribal, and territorial public health partners have been  vital in making this progress.   Like politics, much of public health is local and executed on the  ground by our hospitals, by our health departments and our emergency  responders, who are our front lines in addressing infectious diseases,  disasters, and threats.   We hear each and every year of the dangers of the influenza as flu  season wreaks havoc on communities across the country. Last year, in  north Texas, some schools had to close in order to contain the spread  of the flu. This bill includes an important provisio dedicated to  preparing for pandemic influenza to protect our Nation against the  terror of a pandemic.    Mr. Speaker, I would just parenthetically add that if anyone has not  yet had their influenza immunization this year, it is still a good idea  to avail yourself of that protective measure. The flu vaccine not only  can prevent the flu, but if someone gets the flu after having had the  flu vaccine, their clinical course is likely to be more benign.   This reauthorization includes an important provision, the MISSION  ZERO Act. The MISSION ZERO Act seeks to connect American patients with  battle-tested trauma care through the craft of military trauma care  providers.   The bill provides grants to integrate military trauma care providers  and teams into the Nation's leading trauma centers and systems. This  will also ensure that our military can maintain battlefield-ready  trauma care providers in between periods of active engagement. The need  for top-notch trauma care extends across our Nation, far removed from  the battlefield.   We must also remember that infectious diseases are a much more  serious threat in the global community, and we must continue to ensure  that we are prepared and ready to respond. Frontline facilities and  responders in Dallas, Texas, experienced this firsthand in 2014 when a  patient presented with Ebola in a DFW emergency department.   Today, currently, right now, there is an Ebola outbreak in the  Democratic Republic of the Congo that has been deemed the second worst  on record, with more than 600 cases. This legislation equips our Nation  with the tools to respond in a timely and effective manner when the  public health and safety are at risk, such as if Ebola were to hit the  United States again.   Additionally, this bill will also help to bring domestic biologic  surveillance systems up to date so that they are operating with the  most efficient capabilities and technologies.   We must also look for innovative ways to continue to advance medical  countermeasures, ensuring that Americans can access medications that  will provide critical protection in the future.   Another portion of this legislation would modernize the regulation of  over-the-counter medicines. To date, consumers have access to more than  300,000 nonprescription items, from cough to cold medicines to  antiperspirants, antacids, and sunscreens. Pharmacy aisles and medicine  cabinets are filled with over-the-counter products, and American  consumers rely on these each and every day.   This bill would make the over-the-counter regulatory framework more  science-based and responsive to public health concerns, and it would  encourage the development of more innovative products and provide  resources to the Food and Drug Administration to bolster the agency's  ability to review over-the-counter applications and to regulate this  sector in a consistent manner.  [[Page H264]]    This Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness reauthorization is  critical to protecting the lives of all Americans and providing the  necessary tools and infrastructure are in place when disaster strikes.   I want to thank Representatives Susan Brooks and Anna Eshoo for their  work and Representatives Bob Latta and Diana DeGette for their work on  the over-the-counter monograph reform.   I strongly support this legislation, urge Members to do the same, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Latta).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Brooks), the principal author of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie).    Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill  before us today, and I yield back the balance of my time.   