 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Portman for his  comments about what we have tried to do to provide the money, but let  me tell you, having been involved in that part of it, really, before we  began to pass legislation, nobody was more vigorously active than  Senator Portman to try to continue to point out the size of this  problem and that something had to be done. He was out there talking  about how big a problem this was for the country before other people  were.   Thanks to Senator Ernst for bringing this group together today to  talk about this critical issue as we figure out better ways to deal  with this terrible scourge of addiction and activity that preys on  people who have become addicted.   More than 47,000 lives were lost due to opioids in the United States  in 2017--47,000 people. More people died of opioid overdoses than died  in car accidents. The No. 1 cause of accidental deaths changed  dramatically in the last handful of years. For everybody who died,  there were hundreds of others who were risking their lives by misusing  prescription drugs or illegal drugs or, even worse, illegal drugs that  they had no idea what was in them.   The fentanyl challenge is so big and so dangerous. It seems to me it  would be a pretty poor business model to try to have a drug so  powerful, a product so powerful, that there is a good chance the person  you are selling it to will never be a customer again because they are  going to die from taking this drug, often knowing it is an incredibly  dangerous moment to try to get on a drug-induced high that defies  anything that has happened to them before. Of course, once you cross  that line, there is no other line to cross because you are no longer a  customer. Your life is gone. Your dependency on these drugs, no matter  how it began, whether it was a high school cheerleading accident or a  car accident or a running accident or a dental appointment--all kinds  of ways--and in past decades, people believed prescribing these opioids  had no danger of addiction and, boy, did we find out that was wrong.   Now, 3.4 percent of our entire gross domestic product--almost $700  billion--was impacted and lost by the ongoing opioid crisis in 2018.  Every State has a problem. Our State, Missouri, has a problem. We have  seen a steady increase in synthetic opioid use over the last several  years. This seemed to be moving from east to west, and I was hoping  that by the time it got to us we would have more information, more  thinking about it. I think that actually may have happened, but it is  still bad. We had a 40-percent increase in fentanyl-related overdoses  from 2016 to 2017.   Health and Human Services Secretary Azar and I were in Kansas City  together at the Truman Medical Center to talk about this epidemic-- Truman Medical, the No. 1 provider of uncompensated care in our State.  We went to the neonatal area and saw babies who had neonatal abstinence  syndrome, which is affecting a number newborns now, and looked at how  they were dealing with newborns who were born addicted.   Truman doctors and leaders there, as well as leaders in other area  health centers in Kansas City, talked to us about how they were dealing  with this. We have learned, even in the context of one urban area, that  there is not necessarily a one-size-fits-all way to deal with this,  which is why we have tried to focus our money at the Federal level on  giving States the maximum flexibility they could have, within their  State and in their State, to come up with what worked in the  communities they were trying to work with.   We have provided the money. We haven't found every solution yet, but  we are on the way, I think, to doing that. We have included flexibility  for the States to use in funding for treatment, funding for prevention,  funding for recovery from opioids, and other stimulants.   In Missouri, Federal funding in the last year has treated 4,000  people who wouldn't have been treated otherwise. Narcan is more and  more available at workplaces and other places.   There is simply more work to do. We need to continue our focus on  targeting resources toward opioid addiction but also toward behavioral  health issues. I have said a number of times as we have dealt with this  that if you don't have a behavioral health problem before you are  addicted, you absolutely will have one after you are addicted.   One of the things we have found to be a big advantage in our State is  that we had the good fortune to be part of this eight-State pilot  program in which, in a number of locations in our State, regarding  excellence in mental health, we are treating behavioral health, mental  health, as we would treat any other health problem. That means you  would treat it as long as it needs to be treated. There is no 14-day  limit or 28-day limit. You can be treated just as you would for a  kidney problem or another cancer problem or any other  [[Page S6277]]  problem, as long as you need it. We are finding great success in  combining not only the medicated assisted therapy with getting off  opioids but also the ability to have that mental health component as  long as it needs to be there.   We are hoping to continue to work on the facts we have put together  to determine what happens when you treat behavioral health issues like  all other health issues, to determine other healthcare costs that  people have. We are hoping to extend that pilot another 2 years, not to  make it a permanent Federal responsibility but to be sure that States  and communities in the future will have the level of evidence they need  to look at, that there will be enough evidence compiled to show what  really happens because everybody understands that treating mental  health like all other health is the right thing to do.   I think these pilot projects are compiling the evidence to show you  that not only is it the right thing to do, but actually it is the  financially responsible thing to do as well.   Attacking this problem from all levels is critical. We are way beyond  where we were 5 years ago. We are not where we need to be yet. States  are trying things, sharing things that work and sharing things that  don't work and why they didn't work in the communities that tried them.  So we are going to continue to move forward with this.   I know Senator Capito is going to speak after me. She is also one of  the early advocates for doing something about what she saw were  significant problems that had developed in her State. I was grateful to  have her advice and her driving this discussion in the way she did.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object, I would like to object. I  would like to talk about this bill for a minute.   In March, the House passed a bill that would give the Federal  Government unprecedented control over elections in this country,  despite the fact that, for more than 200 years, we have had a history  of State-run elections. That diversity is part of the strength of our  system. I objected to the request at that time to pass that bill.   S. 949 appears to be almost exactly the same bill. Apparently, the  powerful special interests that my friend, Mr. Merkley, talked about  are the State governments because that is where we are taking authority  from here. We are taking authority from the State governments.    The For the People Act is really the For the Federal Government Act.  It represents a one-size-fits-all Federal power grab that would take  control of election administration away from the States, at the great  expense to the American people. It requires all the States to fit into,  frankly, what House Democrats saw as a narrow view of what elections  should look like and, just as frankly, what House Democrats for 20  years have had in mind that would in every case, in their view, give  them an advantage in the election process. The security of our  elections comes, in large part, from the very diversity of the way they  are set up and the way they are administered. This bill would really  undermine that decentralized system.   I spent 20 years as an election official, part of it as the chief  election authority in what was then the third largest county in our  State, and the rest of it was as the secretary of state, the chief  election official. I know for a fact that people who conduct these  elections are unbelievably focused on a fair process before an election  day and on election day.   I also know for a fact that the very fact that they can't blame some  faraway regulator on their inability to do what needs to be done makes  a difference. I have seen that happen at 6 o'clock in the morning. I  have seen it happen at 12 midnight as the last precinct comes in. I  have seen it happen as people were doing everything they can to be sure  that people that are trying to vote are able to vote. I have seen the  development of the provisional ballot system that the States all use  now if someone for some reason believes they should vote and the  records aren't there to allow that.   So there are a lot of things that Senator Merkley understands better  than I do. I am sure there are a lot of things that Senator Udall  understands better than I do. I look forward to the times when I have  and will continue to seek advice for them on those issues. I am pretty  sure that this is an issue that, at least from the point of view of the  strength of the local election system and the State election system, I  have reason to have confidence.   In fact, former President Obama expressed the same view when he said:  ``There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that  you could even rig America's elections, in part, because they are so  decentralized and the numbers of votes involved.'' He said that late  summer, early fall 2016.   I think that was true when he said it; I think it is true now. This  bill tells States how to run every aspect of their elections. It takes  away the authority of the States to determine their own process for  voter registration. In fact, it requires online voter registration. If  you are trying to focus on election security, online voter registration  would not be at the top of that list.   It requires automatic voter registration. It requires same-day  registration. It requires States to accept voter registrations from  people who are not old enough to vote yet. It dictates the criteria  that people can be removed from the voter rolls or can't be. It tells  the States what kind of election equipment they must use, how their  ballots must be counted, how the ballot counts must be audited. It even  goes so far as to tell the States as to what kinds of marks must be  made on ballot-marking devices and what kind of paper their ballots  must be printed on. It tells States they must offer early voting sites.  It tells them those early voting sites where they must be and what  hours they must operate.   The bill doesn't stop at election administration. It tells States how  they redistrict, how they establish redistricting commissions, who can  be appointed to that commission, how the lines are drawn. This would be  a major Federal takeover of a system that would not benefit from that  takeover. It also creates a program for public financing for elections,  tax dollars to politicians to run elections with.  [[Page S6284]]    And so, Madam President, I do object to the unanimous consent  request, and I think for good reason.    Madam President, I might just respond by saying that, if  States are adopting these things because they think they are a good  idea, that is one thing. For Washington, DC, to tell them they have to  do it because we think it is a good idea, that is another thing. If my  friend from New Mexico is right and States are adopting many of these  changes, I guess there would be no particular reason to have the bill.  I am pleased that this is a bill that is going to take further study  before it is ready to come to the Senate Floor.   