 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, after a 35-day government shutdown, more  than 800,000 Federal workers and their families are finally back at  work. Their families have endured unnecessary and needless hardship  over the past several weeks because, frankly, the Speaker of the House,  Ms. Pelosi, was more determined to try to win the political battle than  solve the problem. I could give the same comment to our friend the  Democratic leader here in the Senate. I hope now, after we have been  through this exercise in futility, that our colleagues will take  seriously our responsibility to solve the problem before us, and that  is to reach an agreement so we don't end up in the same position 3  weeks hence when this continuing resolution expires.   I tell people that we solve problems like this every single day here  in the Congress. You don't read about it, necessarily, or hear about it  because when we build consensus and negotiate compromises, it is not  news. The only time it is news is when we disagree and when it is  broadcast across cable TV or the subject of talk radio or social media.   It is unfortunate that dedicated public servants were caught in the  crosshairs over a partisan fight on border security. What we have seen  over the last months is that many Members desire to score those  political points and win a fight against the President, and that desire  is much greater than their desire to build legislation that benefits  the American people.   There is a solution to be had. As I said, we do it every day. The  only question is, Are we willing to work together to find it? I know I  am.   I have been speaking with many Members of the Texas delegation, both  Republicans and Democrats, to try to find that common ground for our  constituents for border security. We don't consider these to be  political footballs or talking points; we consider these matters to be  part of their daily lives and part of our responsibility as their  elected representatives.   In the last few days, I have had the chance to be in Dallas, TX, and  also in  [[Page S689]]  Austin, TX. I was in Austin, TX, to talk about the CyberTipline we  reauthorized working with Facebook and Microsoft and other social media  platforms to talk about how we can work together to combat child  pornography and child exploitation, using the authority of the  CyberTipline. We were joined by the new U.S. attorney there, John Bash.  I asked him whether his prosecutors who were prosecuting these cases or  the FBI agents who would investigate them or his support staff who  support the U.S. attorney's office--whether any of them were getting  paid, and he said no. But everybody showed up at work, doing their job,  fighting the scourge of child exploitation, even though they weren't  getting paid.   Ditto in the Northern District of Texas, where I visited with the  U.S. attorney, who gave me the same story. We were there talking about  the scourge of human trafficking. Erin Nealy Cox, the U.S. attorney in  Dallas, pointed out that, yes, the prosecutors were there at work, the  investigators were there, and the support staff were there, even though  they were the ones probably earning the most modest paychecks of  anybody in the office. Everybody was there, doing their job, even  though during these 35 days they had missed two different Federal  paychecks.   Thinking now about the solution to our standoff on border security, I  wanted to mention that a couple of weeks ago the President flew to  McAllen, TX. Senator Cruz and I joined him in the Rio Grande Valley to  hear from the experts. By ``the experts,'' I don't mean folks who run  for office here in Washington, DC. I mean the Border Patrol, Customs  and Border Protection, and Department of Homeland Security experts who  actually work on the ground there along the border.   We also met with mayors and county judges and other folks who live in  those communities and are most concerned about safety and security but  also the economy of the border region. We discussed with them what  sensible border security actually looks like.   We know that physical barriers didn't use to be a partisan issue when  the Senator from New York--the Democratic leader--Barack Obama, and  Hillary Clinton all voted for the Secure Fence Act back in 2006. We  called it a fence then and not a wall, but it was a physical barrier,  and it was a nonpartisan issue.   That was then and this is now. When we were talking about physical  barriers along the border, my friend Cameron County Judge Eddie Trevino  said something that stuck with me, and I have repeated it a number of  times, and I think it could be a lesson to all of us about how to  approach this entire debate. He said that if law enforcement officials  say where barriers are needed, he is all in, but if politicians say  where they are needed and they are trying to micromanage border  security, consider him a skeptic.    I think what people want--and my sense is what my constituents along  the border region and across the State of Texas want and, I dare say,  across the country--is to come up with effective solutions that will  make our border more secure. Since Texas has 1,200 miles of common  border with Mexico, of course, I have thought about this a lot, and I  have listened and learned a lot about this. What I have been told and I  believe is that at any given place along the border, you are going to  have some combination of three elements: physical barriers, technology,  and personnel. We need a complement of each of those things in this  border security bill that hopefully we will be voting on in the coming  weeks.   Many areas along the border are subject to high pedestrian traffic.  They need physical barriers. That is why they make sense in El Paso and  San Diego and Tucson, for examples. All of these saw a massive drop in  apprehensions after fencing or physical barriers were put in place,  along with a complement of technology and border agents when they were  deployed in the 1990s and 2000s. We know that barriers can work. We  have seen it proven time and again.   We all agree that we don't need barriers across the entire 2,000-mile  southwestern border. We don't need a great wall from sea to shining sea  across the border. One example comes readily to mind. Big Bend National  Park, for example, is home to massive canyons, and some of the cliffs  reach more than 3,000 feet high along the Rio Grande River. It is a  spectacular and beautiful place. It would not only be impractical but  completely wasteful to build a physical barrier on top of a towering  cliff. That is just one example of where you might want to use some  other parts of that triad of technology and personnel because a  physical barrier wouldn't make much sense.   There are others who have suggested that we use the natural barrier  of the Rio Grande River. Right now, much of that river is filled with  something called carrizo cane, which makes it harder for the Border  Patrol to actually locate people trying to enter the United States  illegally. It reduces the effectiveness of that natural physical  barrier of the Rio Grande River. We need to find a way to eradicate  that in a way that will not only allow that river to be more of a  natural barrier but also provide greater visibility for the Border  Patrol.   In some areas, as I said, physical barriers, either new, repaired, or  replaced are desperately needed. In others, surveillance technology,  such as sensors or drones, will do the trick. Many additional personnel  are needed to improve efficiency or alleviate staffing shortages. It  doesn't make sense to have a physical barrier if there is no Border  Patrol agent to detain somebody entering the country illegally or to  interdict the drugs that come across the border.   As my friend Judge Trevino said, politicians shouldn't be the ones  deciding exactly where along the border each of these three elements is  applied. That is why we have asked and will continue to ask Customs and  Border Protection--the experts--what we need and provide funding to  implement the changes they have asked for.   I think it is a statement of the obvious to say that, in addition to  improving the physical security across our border, we need to make  changes in our border security approach and immigration system as a  whole. Unfortunately, we are not even dealing with the larger problem  of our broken immigration system.   Several years ago, I introduced legislation to the so-called Gang of  8 immigration bill that we were debating at the time. The legislation I  introduced was called the RESULTS amendment. I believe the foundation  of that legislation should be incorporated in any future legislation we  come up with here in the next few weeks. One of the main requirements  was for the Department of Homeland Security to come up with a plan to  achieve operational control of every single border sector, meaning a  90-percent border apprehension rate. Requiring this sort of metric or  apprehension rate will provide a clear, objective way to measure border  security. Ironically, the way we measure border security now is that we  know how many people are detained, but we don't know how many get away.  It is a strange way to count effectiveness by counting the ones we  detain but not the ones who get away--which obviously we can't do. If  we come up with a better way to measure border security with a clear- cut metric like a 90-percent operational control requirement, I think  it would provide a better way for us to determine how to efficiently  spend the tax dollars we are talking about, which we are stewards of  here in the Congress, and ensure that we are focusing our resources on  the highest priority areas. This requirement would allow us to do that.   That particular legislation, the RESULTS amendment, would also  require increased surveillance and provide solutions to commonsense  problems. For example, it would have prevented violent criminals from  acquiring legal status, provided law enforcement with critical national  security and public safety information, and mitigated the problem of  visa overstays. This RESULTS amendment would have strengthened  biometric requirements.   It is ironic, as we talk about border security and immigration, that  we turn a blind eye to the 40 percent of illegal immigration that  occurs when people enter the country legally and overstay their  visas. Unless they commit some other crime in the course of their time  here, they are largely not located. So we need to find a better way to  enforce all of our immigration laws, including visa overstays.    We can't ignore the fact that our border is not only a place that  needs security but that is important to the economic vitality of not  only my State  [[Page S690]]  but of our country. The financial impact of legitimate trade and travel  is enormous. As a matter of fact, $300 billion worth of goods flow back  and forth through Texas's ports of entry alone in a given year. That is  why this type of legislation is so important--because it provides  resources to significantly reduce wait times at border crossings, which  makes the movement of people and goods faster but no less secure.   Finally, this legislation took a stand against the brutal human  rights violations we see along the southern border by stiffening  penalties on abusive human smugglers and transnational criminal  organizations. There may have been a time when the so-called coyotes  were a mom-and-pop operation. ``Coyotes'' is just the name for human  smugglers. Now it is big business, and the same criminal organizations  that move drugs and economic migrants also traffic in human beings for  sex and other involuntary servitude. It is no longer a mom-and-pop  operation, to be sure, and we need to make sure the penalties for this  illegal activity are increased and stiffened to meet the challenge of  transnational criminal organizations.   I believe that all of these points still deserve a place in our  debate today. I look forward to working with our colleagues in the  coming weeks to create meaningful and lasting change to strengthen our  border security as well as to fix longstanding problems with our  immigration system. I believe we can find common ground, and I hope our  Democratic colleagues will follow through in their commitment to  negotiating in good faith so that we do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   