 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 502,  the Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act, or, as you  heard, the FIND Trafficking Act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry for  their support and their guidance of this legislation.   I also especially thank my colleague, Representative Wagner, for her  leadership on this issue and for agreeing to co-lead this commonsense,  narrowly tailored legislation. I thank her for her guidance and her  leadership.   As you may know, a virtual currency is a digital representation of  value that can be digitally traded. Since the creation of bitcoin, the  first and most widely known example of a cryptocurrency, thousands of  cryptocurrencies have emerged that are designed to serve a variety of  purposes.   Some forms of virtual currency provide a digital alternative to cash  that lacks the oversight of a government or a central bank, and,  potentially, offers greater anonymity than conventional payment  systems.   Just as virtual currencies have grown in use in legitimate commerce,  as we heard from the ranking member, they have also, unfortunately,  become an increasingly popular financial payment method for criminals.    Virtual currencies have been, and continue to be, exploited to pay  for goods and services associated with illicit sex and drug  trafficking. These are two of the most detrimental and troubling  illegal activities sold online.   According to the DEA 2017 National Drug Assessment, transnational  criminal organizations are increasingly using virtual currencies, due  to their ease of use and the anonymity they provide. While evidence  points to a growth of virtual currencies as a payment method for  illicit sex and drug trafficking, the true scope of the problem and  potential solutions have not been fully established.   According to the International Labour Organization, in 2016, 4.8  million people in the world were victims of forced sexual exploitation,  and, in 2014, the global profit from commercial sexual exploitation was  $99 billion.   Unfortunately, virtual currencies are also being used as a payment  method for transnational drug traffickers. As we all know too well, and  as was stated here, the United States is struggling to combat the  rising number of lives cut short by tragic opioid use. In 2016 alone,  the CDC estimated that there were 64,000 deaths in the U.S. related to  drug overdose, and the most severe increase in drug overdoses were  those associated with fentanyl and fentanyl analogs.   Fentanyl is an extremely deadly opioid, about 50 to 100 times more  potent than morphine. Fentanyl is being illicitly manufactured in China  and Mexico, with most of the illegal fentanyl in the United States  originating primarily in China, and it is readily available to purchase  through online marketplaces.   If we are to craft effective regulatory and legislative solutions to  combat these transnational criminal organizations, we need to fully  study and analyze how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are  used to facilitate sex and drug trafficking to determine how to best  eliminate their use.   H.R. 502, the FIND Trafficking Act of 2019, requires the Comptroller  General of the United States to: one, carry out a study on how virtual  currencies and online marketplaces are used to facilitate sex or drug  trafficking; and, two, make recommendations to Congress on legislative  and regulatory actions that would impede the use of virtual currencies  and online marketplaces in facilitating sex and drug trafficking.   It is my sincere hope that this bill is a first step, as we heard,  toward crafting bipartisan legislation to impede and, eventually,  eliminate the use of virtual currencies by transnational criminal  organizations to facilitate drug and sex trafficking.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for the bipartisan nature of this  bill--in particular, again, Representative Wagner--and I urge my  colleagues to support the bill.   