 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to share a  message from Iowa's heartland.   As you know, millions of Americans in the middle of the country are  experiencing catastrophic flooding. My home State of Iowa and our  neighbors in Nebraska are particularly hard hit, and it will affect  others downriver of the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers.   I want to thank the Trump administration for its swift response on  Saturday to approve the expedited requests for a major disaster  declaration made by Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds Thursday evening. The  flooding has caused tremendous damage, impacting more than two-thirds  of Iowa's 99 counties. The Federal disaster proclamation will trigger  emergency assistance to 56 of those counties so far. Those would be the  counties in blue on the map here.   Governor Reynolds' team has been in the trenches, working hand in  hand with local officials and county emergency coordinators. They  estimated damages so far across our entire State to be $1.6 billion.  The damages estimated for agriculture are $214 million; damages to  homes, $481 million; and levee repairs, $525 million.   By all accounts and every possible metric, the damages and  devastation are overwhelming. Yet, at the very same time, the legendary  mythology of America's heartland and its people is rooted in truth. The  road to recovery will be long, grueling, and at times gruesome, but I  am confident that the grit and resilience of Iowans and their fellow  midwesterners will prevail.   Over the last week, we have heard remarkable stories of neighbor  helping neighbor and neighbors helping total strangers. Residents of  all ages and differing abilities rubbed elbows to bag sand to save a  water treatment facility in their small town. First responders and Good  Samaritans rescued people stranded in their homes. Farmers moved their  neighbor's grain and livestock to higher ground. Volunteers rolled up  their sleeves to serve hot meals and deliver water. Generous Americans  across our country opened their wallets to donate money, food, water,  hygiene products, and medical supplies. Iowa farmers who were not wiped  out by the floods are sending truckloads of much needed hay to  livestock producers and ranchers in Nebraska.   These stories offer a glimmer of sunshine in the darkest hours of the  2019 floods. You might say that we are experiencing an unwelcome twist  of March Madness along the Missouri River. Despite being mired in muck  and mud, it is reassuring to see the full-court press and gritty  resilience of midwesterners.   Make no mistake--the catastrophic damages to private property,  farmland, Main Street businesses, public utilities, and critical  infrastructure, including wells, roads, bridges, and railways, have  extended beyond the capability of local and State government.   Aerial footage of our State makes entire communities and farmsteads  look like an island surrounded by an ocean. You can see some of that  here in this photo that was taken just last week. You see here a small  community along the Missouri River. This is the town of Pacific  Junction, which is located in the southwestern corner of the State in  Mills County. Its entire population was forced to evacuate. As you can  see from this photo, the rooftops of homes appear to be floating in the  muddy waters of a Monopoly board.   I ask my colleagues here in the Senate and I ask Americans listening  at home to put yourselves in the shoes of those evacuated from their  homes.  [[Page S1920]]  Imagine if this were your home soaking in unsanitary water for days on  end. Consider for a moment the damages to your furniture, clothes,  appliances, and your most prized possessions. Think how much it would  cost to replace those items. Now add up the countless hours of hard  work it would take to clean up the mess, mud, muck, and mold once the  water finally recedes.   I have another photo here I want you to look at. Let's now turn to a  photo taken near Pacific Junction.   I thank Larry Winum of Glenwood, IA, a constituent and a friend, for  sharing these photos.   Just think of the small businesses impacted by the floods. The photo  here of a motel illustrates how flooding can wash away the livelihoods  of business owners and their employees. This particular business will  indefinitely have zero occupancy. Even if the roads were open, this  business would need a floor-to-ceiling refurbishment to replace beds,  linens, carpets, and towels, and most likely even significant plumbing  and electrical work.   I want to show a photo of Main Street in Hamburg, IA. This community  was hard hit in 2011. I was there in 2011. It is worse now. You can see  it is underwater in 2019.   Let's examine how the flooding has affected our farmers. As a  lifelong farmer, I know exactly what farmers across my State are  feeling at this time of the year. They get very antsy and keep constant  watch on the weather, soil temperatures, and planting conditions for  their seed. They have ordered seeds and fertilizers. These farmers are  chomping at the bit to get started on field work.   Now imagine the farmers along the Missouri River. Tens of thousands  of acres of farmland are underwater. For sure, these acres may never be  ready for planting this season.   Now consider the farmers who were storing grain in the bins along the  Missouri. Millions of bushels of flood-soaked grain have spilled into  murky floodwaters.   This picture says it all. This is grain that farmers were counting on  to pay the bills to put this year's crop in the ground. This photo was  shared courtesy of State Representative David Sieck, whose legislative  district is almost completely impacted by the flood damages. I thank  David for sharing.   My State staff tells me that some farmers in the flooded areas didn't  get last fall's crop fully harvested, and of course that is destroyed.   Since March 12, my staff has been crisscrossing scores of Iowa  counties to visit affected communities and meet directly with Iowans.  They are sharing directly with me the feedback from Iowans. I am making  plans to visit affected areas as soon as I can as well. I am anxious to  measure recovery and cleanup efforts to inform my decisions on tax and  spending policies that are needed to help with recovery efforts going  forward.   As my speech and these photos suggest to all and I hope will suggest  to each of my colleagues here in the Senate, we have a long road to  recovery from the floods of 2019. In fact, it could be worse. The  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issued a wake-up call  last week. We are not yet out of the woods--not by a long shot. With  more precipitation, snowmelt, saturated soils, frozen ground, and  massive ice jams, we are in store for significant spring flooding that  may reach 200 million Americans.   Today, I have talked largely about the extent of damages and the  recovery efforts that are just getting started. It is also important to  talk about flood mitigation. Breached, overtopped, or compromised  levees span hundreds of miles on the Missouri River along the States of  Iowa, Nebraska, and Missouri.   It took a long time for these communities to recover from flooding  that took place 8 years ago. It is no wonder an awful lot of Iowans are  feeling like they are way back to square one again.   Iowans, especially those who live along the Missouri River, want and  deserve answers. Southwest Iowa communities have raised grave concern  about the unresponsive Corps of Engineers--specifically, about the lack  of communication and about not enough river dredging, water release,  and about ordering the town of Hamburg, back in 2011, to remove  reinforcements of the now-breached levee that left the town under  water.   I, too, share the concerns that have been expressed to the Corps of  Engineers. I have had a chance to talk to the Corps headquarters in  Omaha. For years I have worked with several of my midwestern colleagues  along the Missouri River to make flood control the No. 1 priority of  the Corps.   It seems to me that misguided decisions and misplaced priorities have  eclipsed common sense. As I told you, I talked last week with the  commander of the Corps in Omaha and shared my concerns about the lack  of communication and coordination with local communities. Perhaps a  good scrubbing of the Master Manual of the Corps of Engineers for the  Missouri River may help to clear the wax out of bureaucratic ears that  haven't gotten the message.   The No. 1 priority of the Corps should be flood control--flood  control, period. I started out today by saying that I wanted to share a  message from America's heartland. I close my remarks by sending a  message to that American heartland.   As Iowa's senior Senator, I will stand with you every step of the  way. My staff and I are working very closely with Iowa and midwestern  congressional delegations, the Trump administration, and State agencies  to make sure disaster relief programs are working effectively for  homeowners, small businesses, farmers, and our local communities.   The best I thing I can say to any Federal Agency and their employees,  the Corps of Engineers, FEMA, and many others is to use a little common  sense and cut out a lot of the redtape, but here is where it ends.   When the going gets tough, Iowans get tougher. So hang tough, keep  fighting, and know that help is on the way.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of quorum.   