 Madam Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Garamendi's  leadership on this issue.   I don't think there is--I have not been able to find--another  democratic nation in our world that shuts down its government over  policy arguments, wasting $1.2 billion of GDP a week for no purpose.   Madam Speaker, I want to share a few stories of the impact of this  senseless shutdown on workers, on people in my home State.   When we went home on Friday, I organized a meeting at our airport,  Detroit Metropolitan Airport, with a range of Federal workers who have  been affected. We just wanted to listen to them and hear their stories.   We invited Fred Upton and my Democratic colleagues from Michigan, and  those who traveled home were able to make it.   I just want to share a few of those stories.   There is Dave, a biologist at the NOAA research lab in Ann Arbor. He  has been furloughed, not getting paid. They study the water currents in  the Straits of Mackinac.   Line 5, our locally famous pipeline that literally just goes in the  water in the bottom of the Great Lakes underneath the Mackinac Bridge,  if that breaks or has a rupture, the research of this group is what  determines how we would fight that oil spill, which would devastate the  economy of the Great Lakes.   That supercomputer is shut off. It is just not working. And if we  have that, if there was an accident there, the whole Midwest would be  out of luck.   They run an experimental weather computer that supplements the basic  work of the National Weather Service and contributes to our weather  forecasting. God forbid we have a huge storm somewhere in the United  States where we get it wrong because they are not doing their work;  they are not able to work. Just imagine some huge pileup of cars on one  of our interstates that happens because we are not doing our best  weather forecasting.   We heard from Mark, who is the president of his local. He works at  the EPA lab in Ann Arbor. That lab is shut down.   They are the ones who determine the fuel efficiency of the cars you  buy. Our auto companies right now are not able to move their cars  forward toward the market because they cannot begin to sell a car until  it has the EPA rating.   That EPA lab also does enforcement of fossil fuel companies in our  region. That is not happening.   We heard from Wanavira, a TSA agent for the last 2\1/2\ years. She is  a veteran. So many of these people were veterans. She is a veteran. She  was a Detroit cop for 10 years, and now she is a TSA agent.   She had to go to the food bank to make sure she had food for her  family because she is not getting paid. She is being forced to work  without pay.   We heard from Jennifer, another TSA agent. She and her husband--I  forget which was which--one of them is 11 years and one of them is 16  years working for TSA. Friday was a pay-less payday for the whole  family, no income coming in at all.    Her comment was: We have got this week figured out. But next week-- meaning, the week we are in right now--they don't know how they are  going to put food on the table.   We heard from Youssef, who works for the Customs service. He said his  friends think he is on vacation because he has been furloughed by our  government. But his comment was that he didn't think a vacation  included calling your mortgage lender and your car loan creditor to beg  for a month of forbearance. He never thought that he would get rich as  a public servant, but he also didn't think he would have trouble buying  formula for his 5-month-old daughter.   We heard from Angel, a computer programmer for the IRS. She has twin  girls in college. They just started a new semester. She has no money to  buy their books. She has no money to buy their other supplies. She is  another veteran.   She herself has student loans. She tried to go on edu.gov to figure  out if she could get a month off. Website closed.   So we need to work hard to break through to the Secretary of  Education to work with her to give forgiveness for student loans for  Federal employees who are affected by this.   And, finally, I have got to share the story of Tim. It is a  frightening one because he inspects our planes, and half of them are  working and half of them are furloughed, and they are not inspecting  our planes to the extent that they normally do.   This is no joke. I do not want this shutdown to end because our  friends finally come to their senses after some horrible thing happens  to a plane, our cars, or our food supply or something that isn't being  inspected.   But Tim is a Navy vet who went to work for General Motors. He lost  his job in the Great Recession.   Madam Speaker, in a previous life, I created and ran something called  No Worker Left Behind. I ran the workforce system of the State of  Michigan, and I created, essentially, the largest experiment by any  State in actually putting workers back to school who were unemployed or  underemployed.   We put 162,000 Michiganders back to school. This gentleman, Tim, was  one of them. He studied IT. And out of that program in Oakland County,  Michigan, he got a job with the FAA. And here he is, working without a  paycheck now. And so many of his coworkers are furloughed.   He just wants to serve his country. He has two kids in college,  again, and they need funding for tuition, books, and so forth.   Madam Speaker, there is no reason that 820,000 Federal workers are  forced to work for no pay or are simply off without their livelihood.  And so many more government contractors are being victimized, and so  many small businesspeople who run a restaurant or a barbershop near a  government facility are robbed of their income.   The economic effects are devastating. There is no reason for it.   I appreciate Mr. Garamendi's leadership on this. I just wanted to  come down and join him in calling on our colleagues in the Senate to  join with us in voting to reopen our government right now. After all,  we passed what they had passed, what our Republican friends had passed.  It is not our appropriations, how we would want them, as Democrats. We  passed their appropriations.   And in a bipartisan spirit, let's reopen our government, and we can  have all the negotiations we want over policy matters.   