 Mr. Speaker, I just want to give a shout-out to the  bipartisan nature of this bill. Both sides are working strongly on  this. Chairman Engel, thank you. Mr. McGovern, thank you. Chris, thank  you for doing what you have done. It is true leadership. And to see  Speaker Pelosi down here, I think it speaks loudly to how America  stands on this.   In September, I, too, had the honor of meeting with a few of the  courageous leaders of Hong Kong student unions. They were advocating  for peace, liberty, and freedom. These are basic innate human rights  that have been taken away from Hong Kongers by the authoritarian  overreach of the Chinese Communist Party Complex, which is comprised of  Xi Jinping, the Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party, and  leadership within the People's Liberation Army.   As protests in Hong Kong continue into the sixth month, Xi Jinping  still refuses to take responsibility for this unrest. The cause is  simple: theft of basic rights and freedoms, not a separatist movement  or foreign influence. Members of this body have been accused of being  the cause of the protests. Speaker Pelosi was named individually.  Senator Schumer, Marco Rubio, and I were named as the cause of the Hong  Kong protests.   This disdain was sparked by the introduction of the infamous  extradition bill by Chief Executive Carrie Lam at the command of the  CCPC and has grown into what are known as the five demands. Had Xi  Jinping and his cohorts just honored the 1997 international agreement  between Great Britain and China, which allows Hong Kong to remain a  self-ruling, semi-autonomous province, none of this would have  occurred.   Not upholding one's contract has consequences. Disregarding contracts  breaks trust and dishonors the country, its leaders, and its people.  The narrative that the Chinese Communist Party Complex has created for  itself is that China cannot and should not be trusted and that the  party will go to great lengths to dismantle free societies in their  backyard.   The survival of democracy and freedom exposes the failures of  communism. Xi Jinping, along with his cohorts' lack of acknowledgment  of their failures, whether from deliberate denial or complete  ignorance, was demonstrated by Mr. Han Zheng, China's Vice Premier, who  said he believes antigovernment protests are damaging the ``one  country, two systems'' formula, and again, are caused by a separatist  movement and foreign influence.   While sitting next to Chief Executive Carrie Lam, he continued, ``We  firmly support the Special Administrative Region Government to adopt  more proactive and more effective measures'' to solve the social  problems.   Since I wrote this, they have come out and said they expect to have  brutality ramped up to bring these people under control. The proactive  and more effective measures referred to by Mr. Han Zheng are  intimidation, brutality, imprisonment and death.     Mr. Speaker, as the international community is well aware,  Beijing's standard procedure for dealing with unrest is well  documented. In the end, Xi Jinping will leave no stone unturned in his  quest to destroy democracy. The party will spare no one in their fight  to protect communist ideals and power. Chief Executive Lam will be  Beijing's sacrificial lamb and removed for two reasons: one, the  Communist Party must save face and have a scapegoat; and two, Xi  Jinping and the Communist Party must maintain their authority and not  show weakness.   Communism fears free thought and cannot survive in it. And I am  honored to stand with the Hong Kong protestors in their important  cause. I urge my colleagues to also stand with the courageous  individuals in Hong Kong and pass the Hong Kong Human Rights and  Democracy Act.   ``Jia you'' to our Hong Kong friends standing up for your basic human  rights.   