 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and esteemed  chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Citizenship for  moving this bill to the floor. Representative Lofgren has worked  tirelessly for years to get us to this point.   I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill. Put simply, this  bill is good for American workers, and it is good for the American  economy.   For too long, people in this country have been unable to get a green  card simply based on where they were born. As a result, people have  been stuck on H-1B visas, and we all know that foreign outsourcing  firms have abused these H-1B visas. They are underpaying people stuck  on these visas, and that is depressing American wages, and it is  hurting American workers.   The solution is to stop corporations from abusing the H-1B visa  system and to move people on to green cards. Once we do that, American  wages will go up. These companies will no longer be able to hold people  in indentured servitude and force American workers to have cuts in  their wages.   So anyone who is for American workers, who believes that the H-1B  visa program is being abused, and who wants to stand up for a path for  American workers to get the wages they deserve should be for this bill.  If you oppose this bill, you are actually supporting the abuse of the  H-1B visa process.   I want to thank, again, Representative Lofgren for her leadership.    Madam Chair, I support Amendment No. 6 to H.R.2500,  offered by my colleague from California, Ms. Speier. It provides our  servicemembers with medically-accurate educational resources to help  prevent unintended pregnancies and the spread of sexually transmitted  infections. As a member of the Armed Services Committee and a former  board member of Planned Parenthood Mar Monte, I've seen first-hand the  importance of family planning education, especially in our military.  The courageous Americans who put their lives on the line for our  country deserve the best wellness education we can offer. Keeping them  healthy helps maximize our military's readiness. This common-sense  amendment is recommended by the Pentagon's nonpartisan Defense Advisory  Committee on Women in the Services. Therefore, there should be broad  bipartisan support, and I encourage my colleagues who support our  troops to vote for it.   