 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, the right to vote has been called protective of all other  rights. Without it, you can't protect your rights. That right has been  eroded in recent years.   We have seen many attempts on the State and local level to limit the  right to vote for minorities, to close polling places, to limit the  hours of voting, to put in phony requirements that prevent people from  voting.   We must restore, as this bill will do, the protections of the 1965  Voting Rights Act that guarantee the right to vote, that stop local  politicians from choosing their own electorates.   We must eliminate the poison of large campaign contributions from  hidden money. The dominance in our politics of large campaign  contributions when someone anonymously can give $20,000 to $30,000--or  millions of dollars--to various PACs which then funnel the money to  politicians is subversive of our democracy.   It is a metastasized cancer on our democracy. And if we don't excise  this cancer through this bill, historians will eventually write, I  fear, that the American Republic, like the Roman Republic, had a good  250-year run with democracy but then evolved into an oligarchy, which  is the direction we are headed in.   We must ban those huge campaign contributions, substitute a system of  small contributions by ordinary people that will be matched so that the  public, not the plutocrats, will dominate our politics and control our  legislation.    We should restore our right to vote for people who committed crimes  long ago and have long since paid their debts to society.   These restrictions and ex-felons voting were put in specifically to  guarantee white supremacy. Read the debates in the various State  conventions in the 1900s and 1910.   This bill will help strengthen Americans' faith in their government  institutions and ensure that everyone has a voice in determining how  our country is governed.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this landmark  legislation.   