 Madam President, let me first thank my friend Senator  Schatz, of Hawaii, for joining me on the floor today to talk about the  financial hazards that are associated with ignoring climate change. He  has been a really terrific leader on this subject. I have to say that I  am sometimes a little bit embarrassed that Rhode Island is the Ocean  State when Hawaii has so much ocean out there in the Pacific. I guess  that is what you get for getting there first, but I am delighted that  Senator Schatz is here.   What I want to do in my time here, in my following up on Senator  Schatz' remarks, is to go through some of the recent warnings that have  come out. One I will go back to from last year, and the other ones I  will follow up on quickly. They are all between March 25 of this year  and now, just in the last couple of months.   The one from last year is a Wall Street Journal article that  documented the increasing climate risk and the insurance industry's  need to recalculate. It had the legendary investor--the ``Wizard of  Omaha''--Warren Buffett warning that if reinsurance contracts--and he  is a reinsurance guy--covered 30 years, he would be crazy not to  include climate risks. Those were his words.   The article goes on to point out that climate change may be gradual  but that its effects are volatile. It is like something steady for a  long time and then, in the words of the article, a sudden large,  unexpected hit. ``You can have an increased potential for an outsized  loss in a single year,'' and they conclude ``there's a cost for  inaction.'' What we are doing here, which is nothing on climate change,  has a very significant cost.   The article points out that after Hurricane Andrew hit Florida, 13  insurance companies were ordered liquidated because they were not  adequately well prepared. The risks are going up precipitously. The  probability of a Texas storm dropping about 20 inches of rain was about  1 percent a year until 2000, and it is expected to increase to 18  percent a year--an 18-times increase in the risk of that level of storm  and flooding.   Swiss Re says in the article that coastal flooding could leave  certain coastal areas ``so exposed, insurance becomes no longer viable.  It becomes uninsurable.'' Indeed, in this article, it points out that  if you take climate change into account, flood losses could exceed $1  trillion per year by 2050. In saying this, it aligns with Moody's, the  famous bond evaluator and insurer, which is going to start evaluating  municipal bonds for coastal communities based on their preparation for  coastal risk. This is not some green organization. When it is starting  to evaluate, something is going on.   Freddie Mac has warned of a coastal property values crash that could  be as serious as the 2008 mortgage meltdown. Again, Freddie Mac is not  a green or environmental group. It is warning about a coming risk. We  will not listen to those risks because too many people here are told  what to do and what to think by the fossil fuel industry.   Just recently, on March 25, 2019, a Federal Reserve research paper  warned that climate risk could cause a financial crisis: Losses from  natural disasters magnified by higher temperatures and elevated sea  levels could spark a financial crisis. The article identified the three  key forces that are transforming the economy in our time, and one of  those three is climate change.   This is not some side-bar issue. It quoted the latest National  Climate Assessment. ``Without substantial and sustained global  mitigation and regional adaptation efforts, climate change is expected  to cause growing losses to American infrastructure and property and  impede the rate of economic growth over this century.'' The reason, it  describes, is due to a fundamental market failure. ``Carbon fuel prices  do not properly account for climate change costs.'' Of course, the  fossil fuel industry loves that market failure, but we should not  tolerate it if we purport to believe in a market economy.   Senator Schatz and I support a carbon fee. They call it a carbon tax,  pointing out that it can appropriately incentivize innovations, which  we need, and that it should equal the social cost of carbon, which our  bill does. It also points out that we are creating a risk for  generations to come. We might get off pretty free in terms of the punch  that comes back, but our kids and our grandkids are not going to think  that we did a very responsible job here.   What are the increasing financial risks the article mentions? They  are business interruptions in bankruptcies, unexpected losses in the  value of assets or companies, and climate-based credit risk exposure,  particularly in my coastal State, which is concerned about loans to  affected businesses or mortgages on coastal real estate--again, lining  up with what Freddie Mac and others have said about the dangers of a  coastal property value crash.   The next article of April 4, BlackRock, which is the world's largest  asset manager, warns that investors are underpricing the impact of  climate-related risks. The report points out that all major U.S.  metropolitan areas were already suffering mild to moderate losses to  GDP as a result of climate change--already suffering that--and that the  risk of a property being hit by a category 5 hurricane was expected to  rise by 275 percent if no climate action were taken.   This is a map from that article of the economic impacts of climate  change. All of the reds are in real trouble; the tans are in trouble;  yellows are in some trouble; trouble for the light green, and green is  very scarce and is seeing a little bit of GDP improvement. Yet, if you  look at the map, that is a country that is hurting economically as a  result of climate change.   OK. Four days later, on April 8, EPA scientists published an article  that climate change will cost the U.S. hundreds of billions of dollars  per year. Unchecked, climate change will cost the United States  hundreds of billions of dollars per year. Cutting emissions of carbon  dioxide and other greenhouse gases would prevent a lot of the damage  and reduce the annual economic toll in some sectors by more than half.  Unmitigated warming could reduce the global GDP by as much as 20  percent, said a related report by the British Government.   Now, think about that. You are going to take a 20-percent hit to the  global GDP. What does that do? That is an economic downturn of a very  dark order. It also points out that the cost of inaction is really high  and that the cost of reducing emissions pales in comparison.   We are taking the more dangerous and expensive path because the group  that gets hurt has control over this body, the fossil fuel industry.  Yet, as other warnings will point out, it can't change the inevitable.  All it can do is postpone it, and the inevitable then gets worse. It  warns that damage to coastal property, primarily on the gulf and east  coast, will reach $120 billion per year.   If you are from a noncoastal State, you may think that is funny. I am  from a coastal State, and I don't think that is funny at all. I think  my colleagues should take a warning like that seriously. The benefits  that the country stands to reap by cutting greenhouse gas emissions was  another theme. There is an upside here. We win economically by cutting  greenhouse gas emissions. If we don't, the cost is hundreds of billions  of dollars.   Next, on the same day of April 8, 2019, a CNBC article, in  summarizing an Urban Land Institute report, warns that for real estate  investors in particular, risk is rising exponentially in the age of  climate change to the point at which a new cottage industry of  companies has emerged that assess climate risk to real estate.  ``Climate change,'' the article reads, ``is likely to have a bigger  impact on valuation in the future as asset and market liquidity are  affected.''   Asset and market liquidity mean that the market seizes up, that you  can't sell your house. Of course, that matches Freddie Mac's prediction  because, if the person you are trying to sell your house to can't get a  mortgage because the bank thinks, at the end of 30 years, the property  is going to be literally underwater or that the bank will not be able  to get insurance for its mortgage, suddenly, you have a real problem in  selling that house. Now you are only selling to cash buyers, and that  is a dramatic shift in the price  [[Page S2841]]  you can get. That is why Freddie Mac is talking about the coastal  property value crash.   The following day, on April 9, the investment advisory firm Mercer  comes out with another report that describes this warning is the latest  from the financial sector of the physical and financial risks posed by  rising temperatures. Some investment strategists warn of physical and  social damage cascading across the economy.   Again, these are not environmentalists. This is an investment  advisory firm. It is warning us of financial perils ahead if we don't  start paying attention. A part of it is the loss in value or simply the  outright loss of wide swaths of coastal property. So, when I come back  to rely on mine as a coastal State, I hope my colleagues here can  appreciate that this isn't funny when you are talking about the loss of  value or simply about the outright loss of wide swaths of coastal  property.   The scenarios aren't good. They are negative for global growth, and  they aren't really great for anyone. It is a declining global economy  that has no big winners spiking up, and it can move fast. Asset prices,  they say, could quickly shift to reflect the risk. There could be  material impacts, especially at the sector level, in a relatively short  period of time. That is how crashes work. They creep up on you, and  then they crash. That is why they call them crashes.   Next, on April 18, 2019--9 days later--we have the central banks.  Thirty central banks around the world called for a better assessment of  the risks from higher global temperatures. As Senator Schatz pointed  out, the U.S. Fed and the Central Bank of Brazil were among the  institutions not involved in the initiative. It is pathetic on our  part.   Climate change is identified as a source of financial risk that these  financial regulators feel is well within their mandate to begin to  address. They considered that the report issued a loud wake-up call for  the global economy to act on climate change. Good luck getting through  the muscling of the fossil fuel industry around this particular  building, but the wake-up call is ringing in the financial community.   Mark Carney, the Governor of the Bank of England--who was warned  about this previously--and Villeroy de Galhau, the Governor of the Bank  of France, warned that climate change and the poor management of the  transition to a low-carbon economy have the potential to trigger a  ``sudden collapse in asset prices that could devastate the global  financial systems.''   ``If some companies and industries fail to adjust to this new  world,'' they argue, ``they will fail to exist.''   Again, as others have said, the article argues that the costs of  decarbonization are likely to be small compared to the costs of not  taking action.   Yet again, we are listening to the fossil fuel industry here. It has  a huge stake in all of this. It has a huge conflict of interest. It has  control over a significant part of Congress, and it is blocking us from  taking the essential safe, low-cost path.   The last one is from April 17, the Network for Greening the Financial  System, which is the comprehensive report by a group of central banks.  Again, it points out that these climate-related risks are a source of  financial risk.   Indeed, the head of the Bank of England--the regulator for insurance  and banking in the UK--has described this as a systemic risk. What is a  systemic risk? That means that when the entity collapses, like when the  carbon asset bubble collapses, it doesn't just take the carbon asset  bubble companies down with it; the rest of the economy pours in behind,  and you have a systemic economic meltdown. Just like happened in 2003,  it wasn't just the banks with the junk mortgages that failed; a whole  bunch of others businesses got sucked into that vortex, and the same is  predicted here.    They point out a couple of final things about the nature of this  financial risk:   One, it is far-reaching in its breadth and magnitude. That is an  ominous description of a financial risk. It is potentially aggravated  by tipping points in a nonlinear fashion; i.e., it gets to a certain  point and then crashes. We New Englanders appreciate this when we have  the snow melt in the springtime. The snow piles up on the roof of your  house. It piles up storm by storm and snowflake by snowflake. But one  warm spring day, you suddenly hear ``woomph'' outside because the whole  snowpack on your roof has slid off. It is a catastrophic failure of  snow adhesion in that case. In this case, it is an example of how  quickly a nonlinear tipping point can lead into economic distress.   Two, it is foreseeable. We know it is coming. There is a high degree  of certainty that these risks will materialize. We know perfectly well  this is coming; we just won't do anything about it because the people  who have to deal with it first--the fossil fuel industry--have this  place tied in knots.   Three, irreversibility. When it happens, there is no going back.  There is currently no mature technology to reverse the process of  overheating our climate and acidifying our ocean. For our children and  grandchildren and their children and grandchildren, that leaves a  pretty bleak prospect that we have just discounted away as if they  weren't going to be born, as if they didn't exist now, as if this  weren't going to happen, as if we shouldn't care. Irreversibility.   Here is the last one: dependency on short-term actions. The magnitude  and the nature of these irreversible, foreseeable, far-reaching, future  impacts will be determined by actions taken today. It will be  determined by actions taken today. If we don't make the right decisions  now, our mistakes, our indolence, our ignorance, our greed, our  subservience to this industry--whatever it is--will cascade through the  decades irreversibly with far-reaching impact. They will look back at  us and say: It was foreseeable. Didn't you guys know this was  foreseeable? You were told. You were warned. How could you have done  nothing?   I don't have a very good answer.   It is time to wake up.   I yield the floor.   