 Mr. President, I rise today to mark a very special day  for the Sikh religion and the Sikh community across America and in  Pennsylvania--and this is the holiday of Vaisakhi.   Although the youngest among the major religions of the world, Sikhism  has emerged as a distinct socio-religious community. By the numbers, it  is, I believe, the sixth largest religion in the world, with 30 million  adherents worldwide, and approximately 700,000 Sikhs have chosen to  make their home in the United States.   A large number of those Sikhs live in my State of Pennsylvania. In  fact, there are several Sikh places of worship across Pennsylvania.  They are known as a Gurdwara, and they are located in and around  Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, and Erie.   Sikhism itself was founded in the 15th century in South Asia on the  principles of equality, justice, and respect for all human beings.   Sikhs pray twice a day--in the morning and in the evening--and they  pray for the welfare of mankind.   Over a period of 239 years, Sikhism was established by 10 gurus. The  first among them was Guru Nanak. These gurus were learned, spiritual  guides devoted to improving the moral well-being of their followers and  the communities in which they lived.   In 1699, the 10th and final guru--Gobind Singh--founded a fellowship  of soldier saints called the Khalsa Panth. Today, Sikhs celebrate this  occasion with the holiday that they call Vaisakhi. This year, Sikhs  across the United States and around the world will celebrate Vaisakhi  on April 14.   For Sikhs, Vaisakhi is a very special time. It is a special time to  celebrate and share their faith with their friends and their neighbors.  The occasion is marked by dancing and parades. Everyone is welcome to  attend these celebrations, and they attract Americans from all  religious, cultural, and ethnic backgrounds.   Vaisakhi celebrations are a really vibrant affair, and members of the  Sikh community wear bright orange or yellow festive clothes to mark the  occasion. These colors represent the spirit and the joy of the  celebration.   It is interesting to note that when Vaisakhi is celebrated in the  Sikh homeland of Punjab, the gold and yellow wheat fields are ready to  be harvested.   This year, the Sikh Coordination Committee East Coast has organized a  parade in Washington, DC, on April 6 to commemorate Vaisakhi as  National Sikh Day. The theme of the parade is Sikh identity, Sikh  culture, and the Sikh way of life. Thousands of Sikhs from all over the  United States will be here participating and celebrating.   I came here this morning because I want to add my voice as one  wishing the Sikh community great luck and great joy at this parade and  in the very joyous celebration of Vaisakhi.   I yield the floor.   