 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last night President Trump had the  opportunity to bring our parties together and offer the Congress and  the country a new vision for the next 2 years of divided government.  President Trump squandered the opportunity with a forgettable and,  oftentimes, incoherent speech. At times, he called for unity without  specifics, and at other times he served up divisive campaign rhetoric  that he has used so frequently in the past.   The President's speech was like a 90-minute performance of ``Dr.  Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,'' calling for comity but lacing it throughout with  invectives. Unfortunately, President Trump seemed more excited and  placed more emphasis on the Mr. Hyde parts of the speech than on the  Dr. Jekyll parts.   Listen to a few of the contradictions in the speech. There were so  many that I can't mention all of them.   President Trump says he believes in legal immigration but not illegal  immigration, but every bill he has pushed on immigration has cut legal  immigration as well as illegal immigration, including the proposal he  has now sent over, in the debates, where he changes the asylum process  dramatically.   President Trump said he would only work with us in Congress if we  abandoned our oversight duties. He is back to his old tricks--hostage- taking. He said: I am not going to advance the causes of the American  people if Congress investigates me.   Congress is supposed to do oversight of the executive branch. It is  one of the things the Founding Fathers put in the Constitution. They  were weary of overweening Executive power. They wanted Congress to be a  check.   What is President Trump afraid of? If he weren't afraid of these  investigations and if he weren't afraid of something that might be  there that he did that was wrong, he would shrug his shoulders and say:  Let them go forward.   But, instead, he threatens. He threatens the American people by  saying: Unless these investigations stop, I am not going to move  forward on anything.   How about this one? This one made everybody's eyes roll, even on the  Republican side. He said if he weren't elected President, we would be  in a war with North Korea--what hyperbole. It is not just hyperbole-- what untruth, what selective memory. President Trump began his time in  office by precipitously ramping up tensions with North Korea. They were  much lower under President Obama than they were with President Trump.   Maybe the most blatant contradiction of all, which makes you just  lose respect for the integrity and honesty of the President, was when  President Trump spoke about the need to defend protections for  Americans with preexisting conditions, while at the very same time his  administration is waging a lawsuit that would eviscerate protections  for preexisting conditions. How can the President have the nerve to get  up on the podium last night and say he wants to preserve preexisting  conditions and wage a lawsuit, support a lawsuit that tries to undo  them? It is shocking hypocrisy--that one maybe most of all for a speech  that had many.   Of course, there were a whole lot of omissions in the speech that  many Americans felt should have been placed in. Let me give an example.  The President did talk about a few potentials for bipartisan  compromise. We Democrats would love to compromise with the President  and come up with some things that would advance the causes of working  families in America.   He mentioned infrastructure and prescription drugs, but instead of  offering substantive ideas and spending some time on these issues, he  delivered a couple of lines about each and then moved on. It seemed  obligatory and perfunctory. There was no new sinew, no real way to  figure out if there is a way we can come together and get something  done, because he really didn't seem interested.   He talked about the future of America and didn't even mention climate  change. How could you do that? Every scientist who has studied it knows  that in the next 10, 20, 30, or 40 years, climate change is going to  evoke huge changes in our country and in our world. If you believe in  the future and you want to have a good future for our children and  grandchildren, which we all do, you can't ignore climate change. You  may have different views on it, but you can't ignore it.   He also talked a great deal about the safety of the American people,  but there was not one mention about gun safety--not one. Again, maybe  not to President Trump, maybe not to his hard-core supporters, but to  the rest of America, to talk about the need for security and the safety  of Americans and not to talk about gun safety misses the mark badly.   Then he rattled off economic statistics--how great everything is--but  completely ignored the difficult economic realities of working  Americans. Why do so many Americans not have faith in the future? Why  do so many Americans worry that their children  [[Page S877]]  will not have as good a life economically as they do? It is because so  much of what the President has done economically has benefited the top  10 percent. Those improve the overall statistics, but they don't  improve the lives of the average middle-class person.   Let's take the tax cut, a huge tax cut geared to the wealthy and the  powerful corporations. The President said each worker will get about a  $4,000 increase. It didn't happen. Wages are going up by a small  amount. They are still way behind where they were in the past. What did  these companies do with all of this huge tax break? They got $1  trillion in buybacks--buybacks, which benefit the corporate CEOs, which  benefit the shareholders but do nothing for the workers, since so many  of them don't own stock.   In fact, the stock market has become more skewed. About 85 percent of  the value of the shares is held by the top 10 percent of Americans.   Then, of course, on the wall, he demanded that Congress fund his wall  but showed no signs of remorse over the pointless Trump government  shutdown that he precipitated. He didn't mention the pain he caused to  800,000 Federal workers, even though many of them were in the Galleries  listening.   I brought as a guest a man named Ronan Byrne. He works in the TRACON,  our control tower in New York. He just had two twins. He has two other  kids. I saw the nice pictures. He came with his wife. She quit her job  when the twins came along.   He lost his salary at an intense job like that, where you have to be  on all the time. I have been up there in the TRACON. It is dark. You  see little dots, and you can't have them get too near each other  because that is a safety issue for the people on the planes, and here  he was worried about paying the bills and providing for his children.   Well, there was no mention of people like that. No, it was just about  his wall.   It didn't work for the President. We know that. Our Republican  colleagues and Leader McConnell know that. I think even in his  situation, where he is often in a bubble that is often only aimed at  the narrow band of his supporters, he touched a hot stove, and I don't  think he wants to do it again.   But there was no mention of it. He should have used his speech to  say: We are not going to have another government shutdown. There was no  word.   There was no plan to tackle our opioid problem. There was no plan to  increase wages for the middle class. There was no plan to increase  manufacturing jobs.   So anyone who hoped that the President would change course and offer  some new bipartisan ideas with some meat on the bone where we could  discuss it and begin to move forward to help the American people was  sorely disappointed. As I said, his real excitement came in the most  divisive parts of the speech on immigration and abortion.   So let's contrast his speech with Stacey Abrams'. The contrast  between the President's speech and Stacey Abrams' speech was stunning.  The President was political, divisive, calculating, and, at times, even  nasty. Ms. Abrams was compelling, warm, and uplifting, showing real  compassion for the plight of our average families but also filled with  hope and inspired by the promise of the American dream. It was an  uplifting speech. Ms. Abrams' speech represented the kind of unifying  vision--understanding our challenges but also having some confidence in  our ability to solve them--that the President failed to deliver. In  short, last night, Stacey Abrams gave President Trump a lesson in how  to lead.    Xavier Becerra, speaking from the high school he graduated from in  Sacramento, McClatchy High School, gave a wonderful response in  Spanish.   We all knew the President would say that the state of our Union was  strong, but the American people know the unfortunate truth. On the  economy, on healthcare, on governance, and on foreign policy, it is  abundantly clear that the Trump administration has been getting failing  grades from the American people.   The state of the Trump economy? Failing the middle class. Wealthy  shareholders and corporate executives cashed in from the Trump tax  bill, while American workers have been left behind.   The state of the Trump healthcare system? Failing American families.  Coverage is getting more expensive, and the amount of coverage is  declining. Due to the sabotage this administration has done to our  healthcare system, this is the first year that fewer Americans have  healthcare than they did the year before--the first time in a while.   The state of the Trump administration? Chaos. President Trump has had  the most Cabinet turnover in more than a century. He has failed to  nominate anyone to one-fifth of our government's top positions. This  has nothing to do with the Senate; for one-fifth of the positions,  there are no nominations. This is 2 years into this Presidency. The  Senate had nothing to do with all the Cabinet members who quit or  resigned under a cloud--nothing to do with that either. President Trump  likes to blame somebody else for the problems he creates; that is one  of his MOs.   The state of President Trump's foreign policy? Inside out. Inside  out. Our longstanding allies--countries of NATO--have been alienated.  Our adversaries--Russia, China, North Korea--have been emboldened  because President Trump doesn't stand up to them. During the national  security section of the President's speech last night, the first item  he mentioned wasn't Russia's malign activities, North Korea's nuclear  program, or even the crisis in Venezuela; it was criticism for our NATO  allies. That says it all.   The President's State of the Union last night did something rare for  a State of the Union Address: It revealed just how much repair the  state of our Union requires; just how much work we still have to do to  aid working Americans left behind by an economy that only seems to work  for the wealthy and well-connected; to provide American families  everywhere with affordable healthcare; to bring stability and  accountability to a government too short on both--a government that  seems to have made the swamp deeper and more odorous and to further  isolate our enemies and give comfort to our allies abroad.   Let us hope and pray that the country can heal. President Trump did  nothing to move that forward last night.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   