 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    By the end of this week, the Senate must vote on the  resolution to terminate the President's declaration of a national  emergency.   There are three very clear reasons to vote to terminate. First, there  is no factual basis of an emergency at the border. The President made  that clear when he said he didn't need to do this. If we allow  Presidents to declare emergencies for such nonemergency-type situations  because they want to do it, we are headed down a very bad road.   Second, the emergency would cannibalize funds intended for our brave  men and women in uniform in order to pay for the wall, including  military construction, and maybe even military pay and pensions.   The bottom line is, we hear from the other side how we have to make  sure we give our soldiers what they need. We completely agree, but all  of a sudden, when there is this wall, we take it away from the  soldiers; we take it away from military readiness. That is not a trade  most Americans would make.   Third and most important is the danger to our Constitution. The  emergency declaration is an injury to this great Constitution under  which we live. It claims powers for the Presidency that were explicitly  given to Congress. It distorts the separation of powers, and it sets a  dangerous precedent for future Presidents.   The bottom line is, one of the things the Founding Fathers gave the  most thought to was the balance of power and how to prevent an  overpowerful and overleaning executive branch. That is why they gave  Congress the power of the purse. Are we going to reverse 220 years of a  balance of power because a President is demanding a wall that Congress  couldn't get him, that Mexico couldn't pay for? It goes far beyond the  wall, whether you are for or against it. It goes far beyond all these  other issues. It goes to the very nature of our government, and it will  set us on a path that historians will come back and look at as a very  bad turning point for America.   