 Mr. President, this is a debate worth happening. I  appreciate the comments from my New England neighbor. It is an  important matter for us to consider.   President Trump declared a national emergency, citing a ``crisis'' at  the southern border, but it has become more and more evident he did it  for one reason, to do an end run around Congress and the Appropriations  Committee, and use taxpayer money to build a wall on the southern  border that Congress has refused to fund.   For 3 years, he failed to convince Congress--a Republican-controlled  Senate and a Republican-controlled House--that his wall was a good  idea. For 3 years, he requested that Congress fund his cynical campaign  promise to build a ``big beautiful'' wall on the southern border, and  for 3 years, the Republican-controlled Congress refused. Even when his  own party controlled both Chambers of Congress, he could not convince  enough Members that it was a good idea. Certainly, nobody accepted his  pledge that Mexico would pay for the wall. We all knew the U.S.  taxpayers would have to pay for it.   So instead of accepting that we are in a democracy, and he is not a  monarch, instead of accepting that we are in a democracy and there are  two other coequal branches of government that could constrain his  actions, the President has decided to ignore the Constitution and the  will of Congress and go it alone. Actually, Congress alone has the  power of the purse. Congress having exclusive power over our government  spending priorities is one of the most critical checks and balances in  our constitutional system.   Anybody who goes back and reads the history of the founding of this  country knows that the reason we are the oldest existing democracy  currently in the world, is that we believed in checks and balances.   The President, of course, could propose funding for whatever projects  he wants, but it is the job of Congress to decide where to invest the  American people's hard-earned tax dollars. In a democracy, every  President from George Washington to now is supposed to respect those  decisions. After not getting what he wanted, this President has invoked  the National Emergencies Act. He is stretching the powers given to him  in that act beyond all recognition. He has declared a national  emergency on the southern border.   We are not responding to a national emergency. There is no crisis on  our southern border requiring such extreme action. What kind of  national emergency is declared only after you lose a 3-year funding  fight with Members of your own party? What kind of national emergency  is resolved by a vaguely defined, multiyear construction project? The  truth is clear. He is trying to use this authority as a means to a  political end.   When Congress enacted the National Emergencies Act in 1976, it  conveyed certain powers to the President to use in the event of a true  emergency that required quick action. I remember. I was here during the  debate. There was a Republican President. It assumed that whoever sat  in the Oval Office would have enough respect for the office and the  power being conveyed not to abuse it. Those of us in the Senate, at  that time, felt that whether it was a Republican or Democratic  President, they would not abuse the power. President Trump has failed  that test.   Presidential emergency powers should only be invoked in a true time  of crisis. It is an abuse of power to invoke these authorities just  because he couldn't do what he wanted in any other way. We are now  seeing what he would do if he had these powers.   The President wants to raid money meant for military housing and  military base improvements to pay for his wall. This comes almost in  the same week we see in the news that so much of military housing is  infested by mold, by rats, by asbestos, and by all these other  problems. Is he going to take the money that would make this housing  safe for the men and women in our military to pay for his wall? Is he  going to take money from Camp Lejeune that was hit by Hurricane  Florence and badly damaged? I know Camp Lejeune. When my son was in the  Marines, he spent time there. Is he going to take money from Tyndall  Air Force base, which was flattened by Hurricane Michael? What about  money for schools for military families, like the school at Fort  Campbell, KY, or a child development center at Joint Base Andrews in  Maryland? What about essential training facilities that would ensure  military readiness, like a special operations training facility at Fort  Bragg, NC--which I have visited. Congress chose to fund these projects  over an ineffective, wasteful wall. Congress had to say, where does the  money go? We felt these things to help our military and military  families made far more sense than the wall. Congress used its  constitutional power--let me emphasize that--Congress used its  constitutional power of the purse to set priorities for how to invest  the American people's hard-earned tax dollars.   The President is trying to label opponents of his action as weak on  border security or weak on crime. That is nonsense. I don't know any  Member of the Senate, of either party, who doesn't believe in border  security or is in favor of crime.   Let's see what he asked for. Instead of border security, he wanted  $5.7 billion for the wall. Congress approved a border security  package--money for fencing along with technology added between the  ports of entry, and additional personnel. That is real border security,  not a political stunt. Now the President is saying: Thank you for your  views; thank you for following your constitutional power, but I am  still going to do it my way. Where is he going to stop?   The fact that it is a political game was shown when this Congress  passed, overwhelmingly, $1.6 billion for border security. The President  threatened to veto that. Then after closing the government for 35  days--costing the taxpayers billions and billions of dollars for  nothing--he signed the bill that did not give him the $1.6 billion that  he threatened to veto but that gave him $1.3 billion, and that he  signed. If anybody thinks this is just playing games, that states it.   Over the past 2 years, we have seen the erosion of our institutional  checks and balances in the face of creeping authoritarianism. The time  has come for Congress and Members of the President's own party to take  a stand. Congress simply cannot afford to remain silent in the face of  such an unprecedented violation of the separation of powers.  [[Page S1863]]    I understand Senator Lee has introduced a bill to reform the National  Emergencies Act. I appreciate the thought he has put into this issue. I  am certainly going to review his legislation with an open mind, but  make no mistake, legislation to fix future abuses of this law does not  address the abuses we have that are happening right now. His bill does  not address the fact that this President is trying to do an end run  around Congress--an end run around Democrats and Republicans alike--and  is cynically using an emergency declaration to fund a request on which  we had voted but of which we did not approve. We must send a message to  the President that this is unacceptable. This is not something we never  voted on. We have voted on this matter, and under the Constitution,  that is what is supposed to carry the day.    I hope my Republican friends will take a moment to take stock of  where we are. President Trump is going to be but a moment in our  Nation's history. The Constitution controls our history no matter who  is President. For the sake of appeasing a man who made a foolish  campaign promise that was never grounded in reality, will they not  stand up for the institution in which they serve? For the sake of  appeasing a President who detests any limits or checks on his  authority, will they forever diminish the role of Congress as a coequal  branch of government?   Now is the time for country over party. I will vote aye on the joint  resolution of disapproval, and I urge all Senators to do the same.   I do not see any Senator who seeks the floor.   Mr. President, is this under controlled time?    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time  consumed by the quorum be equally divided between both sides.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   