 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which is  deeply personal.   Madam Chair, I was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 3rd Marines. In  1983, my battalion was ordered to Beirut, Lebanon.   On October 23 of that same year, an Iranian national affiliated with  Hezbollah, a terror group founded, trained, and financially supported  by the Iranian regime, drove a truck bomb into the U.S. barracks in  Beirut, killing 241 servicemen, 220 of which were my fellow marines.   It is by the grace of God that I am standing here today. My battalion  shipped out 10 days before the bombing. I was lucky. I was able to come  home to my wife, who was expecting our first child, and my family in  Columbus, Indiana.   As proud U.S. marines, Congressman Gallego and I authored this  bipartisan, bicameral legislation to provide a sliver of justice for  the 241 heroes who were not as lucky that day.   Madam Chair, our amendment is simple. The OORAH Act would allow the  families of the bombing victims to execute on the $1.6 billion in  Iranian funds currently held by a European-based firm. These funds were  laundered through New York before making their way to Europe, where  they sit just outside the hand of justice.   Regardless of the party you conference with or the district you  represent, we can all agree that terrorists and those who support them  financially must be held accountable for their actions.   When I joined the Marines in 1979, I made a promise of Semper  Fidelis. Semper Fi is a lifelong commitment held by every marine for  the corps and America, a promise reciprocated by the corps to all  marines.   Madam Chair, we must uphold this promise. Marines are the first to  fight, and this time we are fighting for the Gold Star families who  lost their loved ones.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and stand  with Congressman Gallego and me and our colleagues in the Senate to  honor the faith and loyalty of the 241 American servicemen who made the  ultimate sacrifice.   Madam Chair, OORAH stands for Our Obligation to Recognize American  Heroes, or as the Marines say, OORAH.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member for  their leadership and my colleague and fellow marine from Arizona (Mr.  Gallego) for his faithful service and unwavering support on this  legislation.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time   