 Mr. President, just another day on Wall Street and just  another news story. The New York Times' headline today was ``Big Banks  Are Earning Billions of Dollars. Trump's Tax Cuts Are A Big Reason.''   So Congress can continue to do tax cuts for Wall Street. Congress can  continue to weaken rules on Wall Street. Congress has forgotten. They  have this collective amnesia about what happened 10 years ago when this  country's economy almost imploded because of Wall Street greed. So now  Congress--because of the tax cut and because of continued relaxation of  Wall Street financial stability safety rules, Wall Street is doing  really well again.   However, Congress can't pass an overtime bill--I mean, sorry.  Congress can't pass a minimum wage bill. The last minimum wage increase  in this Congress was signed by President Bush in 2007. President Obama  never did it, and President Trump continues to oppose a minimum wage  increase.   President Trump has rolled back an overtime rule, which in the State  of Indiana--the Presiding Officer's State--almost 100,000 workers were  going to get a raise because of the overtime rule we passed a couple  years ago. So people, if they work more than 40 hours, they ought to  get paid for more than 40 hours--President Trump rolled that back--and  130,000 workers in my State alone would have gotten a big bump in their  wages because they were working 45, 50, or 60 hours a week.   This Congress will not pass an infrastructure bill. Look at the  conditions of the roads in Cleveland, Toledo, Mansfield, Findlay,  Akron, Youngstown, Gallipolis, Chillicothe, and Portsmouth, in my  State, and all kinds of communities in Indiana, which the Presiding  Officer represents. Congress can always find the time and can always  find the money to help the richest 1 percent and help the big banks,  but we can't turn around and do what  [[Page S4939]]  we ought to do on the minimum wage, what we ought to do on the overtime  rule, and what we ought to do to expand the earned income tax credit. I  do appreciate the Presiding Officer's interest, especially in the  earned income tax credit--what he has tried to do there. We just simply  can't find the time to do that.   We always help the people who have much in this society, and we just  never get around, in this Congress, to helping the people who need a  break.   I yield the floor.   