 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.  [[Page H7262]]    Mr. Speaker, I came to Washington to fight for workers. I also came  to Congress to make tough choices, not easy ones. That is why we are  here today: to stand up for workers throughout Wisconsin and across the  country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so that my  resolution, H. Con. Res. 54, can be voted on. My resolution, H. Con.  Res. 54, will reestablish the congressional joint select committee to  address the multiemployer pension crisis, bringing together a  nonpartisan group to take this problem head on.   Pension plans for nearly half a million Americans are in jeopardy.  Roughly, 130 union-managed pension funds, covering over 1.3 million  workers, are severely underfunded. This accounts for more than 23,000  workers from the Central States' plan in Wisconsin alone. In just 5\1/ 2\ years, their pension fund may become insolvent. Unfortunately, the  actions of a few have resulted in uncertainty for many.   We all know that Central States and other pension plans are in  crisis. These underfunded plans pose a threat to workers, to retirees,  and to our economy. We need to address this now.   I have offered H. Con. Res. 54 as a real solution to this problem.  This is a good-faith effort to protect pensions. This is an opportunity  to make real change in Americans' lives. This is a path for Democrats  and Republicans to protect pension benefits for thousands of Americans.   The joint select committee will be required to come to a legislative  solution no later than April 30, 2020. This holds Members accountable  and gives the issue the urgency it requires.   Like many Federal programs, we should look at the States. For  example, in Wisconsin, the State's public employee pension system is  designed to avoid the challenges that we see in today's multiemployer  pensions. Contributions to the State's pension fund are recalculated  yearly to ensure the pension fund continues to be funded.   Wisconsin's retirement system is fully funded. It isn't reliant on  political wins, and it has a formula that protects retirees by making  proactive, not reactive changes. This is one of many possible solutions  that should be on the table.   H.R. 397 does not solve the actual problem. Why? Because it does not  prevent this crisis from happening again in 5 years, in 10 years, or in  20 years. We owe it to workers to provide them with the certainty that  they will have a retirement living in dignity. H.R. 397 does not do  that.   Democrats and Republicans agree: the retirees and future retirees are  the victims here. We need to protect them. These are men and women who  have or are currently working and supporting their families. They have  planned for retirement and, through no fault of their own, their  financial future is at risk.    Are we capable of working together in the House? We must.   However, throughout this process, the majority did not allow other  voices to be heard. H.R. 397 did not even receive a public hearing. We  can do better. We must do better.   My resolution would require us to work together. As my resolution  says, we should establish the select committee focused solely on this  issue. We should support hardworking Americans who are vested in the  system. Democrats and Republicans should protect workers and retirees  and ensure new benefits are adequately funded. Reform the broken system  to prevent this from occurring again. And use this as an opportunity to  work together.   Just like the pension system is broken, so is our political system.  We can do better. We must do better. The clock is ticking. This is an  opportunity to protect retirees and workers. They deserve it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the previous  question so that we can immediately consider my resolution and  reconstitute the joint committee and fix this problem for the long  term.   