 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been just over 2 years since the  Senate voted down legislation that would have repealed the Affordable  Care Act. If we had voted down the Affordable Care Act, that would have  also erased the protections for Americans with preexisting medical  conditions.   In the time since then, two things have happened. One, my colleagues  from across the aisle have read the writing on the wall. They  recognized that the American people support the protections for  preexisting conditions on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis; and, two,  the Trump administration released the rule that we are discussing  today--a rule that would allow taxpayer dollars to subsidize these  short-term junk plans that actively undermine the insurance market and  jeopardize the one very popular part of the ACA, protecting folks with  preexisting conditions.   I know that my colleague, Senator Baldwin, was here earlier, and  Senator Brown, Senator Wyden, and Senator Murray. They have outlined in  some detail the challenges around these junk plans, or some refer to  them as short-term plans. The truth is, these plans don't have to cover  things such as emergency room visits, maternity care, or other  essential benefits, and they once again allow insurance companies to  discriminate against Americans based on their medical history.   With all due respect to my Republican colleagues, you can't have it  both ways. If you support protections for preexisting conditions, you  can't sit by and let this administration dismantle them. You have to  stand up and defend these protections because, as you know, folks in  Virginia are depending on them and constituents in your States are as  well.   Very shortly, each Member of this body will have a chance to go on  the record with this resolution of disapproval.   I fear some Members of this body have forgotten what it was like  before the ACA, when an unexpected surgery or a diagnosis of a chronic  illness could mean a one-way ticket out of the middle class.   Unfortunately, this is not a hypothetical. Earlier today, a group of  us had a press conference where a young woman from my State came  forward, and not only did her child have an enormous medical condition,  but her husband was then diagnosed with lymphoma, and she was diagnosed  with brain cancer.   Without the protections of the ACA, she testified she would not be  able to afford healthcare coverage.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an additional  3 minutes.    I will speed this up.   Let me also point out that, recently, one of my constituents, a man  named Jesse, received a $230,000 medical bill for his back surgery.  Unbeknownst to him, he purchased one of these so-called short-term junk  plans only to discover that he now fell into the category of having a  preexisting condition, and this plan didn't cover his challenge.   Jesse is 1 of the more than 3 million Virginians with a preexisting  medical condition. Nationwide, more than 130 million Americans have  preexisting medical conditions like diabetes, asthma, or cancer.   Before the Affordable Care Act, an insurance company had every right  to deny these individuals coverage, charge them unaffordable premiums,  or terminate their plans. We cannot go back to those days.   Unfortunately, this administration has used every tool at its  disposal to destabilize the market in the hopes that it will come  crashing down so they can finally repeal the ACA.   The rule we are talking about here today is a perfect example, among  many others, of what this administration has done. They have defunded  cost-sharing payments that reduce premiums in the marketplace. They  have shortened the enrollment period and cut the budget for outreach  navigators--all folks who have helped Americans find a plan that works  best for them.   Look at the recent case. The Texas v. United States lawsuit that  could be decided this very week would, overall,  [[Page S6270]]  strike down the health insurance system as we know it, with no  replacement plan in place.   The truth is, if these protections for people with preexisting  conditions are going to survive, we have to have a stable insurance  market.   We can and should have legitimate debates about 1332 waivers. Certain  States have used those in a very productive way, but that is not what  we are talking about today.   The Trump administration's rule is not a good-faith effort to bring  down costs or drive innovation. It is a direct effort to undermine the  stability of the insurance market and is an attack on the viability of  protections for Americans with preexisting conditions.   Again, I know we are going to vote on this CRA action very shortly. I  urge my Republican colleagues to support it so folks with preexisting  conditions can go about their daily lives knowing they will be  protected.   Thank you. I appreciate the courtesy of my colleagues giving me those  extra couple of minutes.   With that, I yield the floor.   