 Mr. President, today, I want to take a moment to recognize  the contributions of Kelly McManus. She is a member of my staff. She is  U.S. Army MAJ Kelly McManus, who has spent the last year working in my  personal office as part of the U.S. Army Congressional Fellowship  Program.   Before Kelly departs my office here at the end of the year to return  to the Big Army, I rise to express my appreciation to Major McManus for  all of her hard work and dedication and service to our Nation.   Kelly's 10 years of service in the U.S. Army have developed her  leadership abilities and shaped her perspective on major defense issues  of national significance. These assets and attributes have made her an  invaluable asset to our team as we work to serve Kansans,  servicemembers, and veterans.   Before joining our office, Kelly's assignments had taken her around  the world in service of our country. She deployed to both Iraq and  Kuwait to support operations New Dawn and Spartan Shield, from 2011 to  2012, served as the medical planner for the Allied Land Command in NATO  headquarters in Izmir, Turkey, and reported to Wiesbaden, Germany, to  serve on the personal staff of the U.S. Army Europe headquarters  commanding general, LTG Ben Hodges.   Kelly has also served stateside, leading her detachment through  deployment in Fort Dix, NJ, in support of Hurricane Sandy relief  efforts and commanded a medical company in the 2nd Infantry Division at  Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington State.   Kelly joined our team in January 2018. From day one, she embraced  Kansas, its people, and the challenges they face day in and day out. On  her first official trip to Kansas, she visited our  [[Page S6971]]  military installations and talked with soldiers and airmen to learn  about their life experiences. She made it a priority to spend time in  Kansas and to learn from the Kansas people so that she could bring  their thoughts and ideas back to the Nation's Capital. These personal  conversations with Kansans and Kelly's experience in the Army have  helped to drive meaningful policy.   She led our efforts to secure maternity leave for those serving in  the National Guard and Reserve after talking with an expectant mother  in the Kansas National Guard. She has also sought to increase access to  suicide prevention programs and destigmatize the notions surrounding  mental illness.   In addition, her experiences in serving in uniform have been  instrumental to my efforts to support our veterans. Over the past year,  I have continually been impressed by Kelly's leadership and  professionalism. At every opportunity, she has proven herself to be an  important and fully integrated member of my team, carrying the equal  weight and responsibility of my personal staff. Her seamless  communications and her skill in tackling issues big and small have been  a great benefit to our office and the people that we serve. Kelly has  exceeded all of my expectations and has demonstrated a commitment to  excellence that has been nothing short of outstanding.   A testament to her leadership over the past year was her promotion to  major in July. It was my honor to be part of her promotion ceremony and  to have the privilege to pin her new and deserving rank on her uniform.   It will be sad when she leaves our office at the end of the month,  but I know she will serve the Army well next year in the Army's Budget  Liaison Office, where I am confident she will be a highly effective  ambassador to Congress for the Army.   Kelly is one of the most impressive military officers I have had the  honor of knowing, and I hold her in the highest regard, personally and  professionally. She is a significant asset to our country and to the  U.S. Army. Kelly represents the best that the Army has to offer, and I  know that she will continue to be a benefit to the future of our  Nation. There is no group of people I hold in higher regard than those  who serve our Nation, and I want to reiterate my gratitude to Kelly for  her dedication and service to our country.   Once again, thank you, Kelly, for all you have done for Kansans this  year and what you will continue to do for our Nation. You have been a  model of selfless service and leadership. I know you will continue to  do great things throughout your Army career and your life in service,  wherever that path my lead you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Kelly McManus,  a military fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges through the  end of Congress.   