 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the  Representative from Alaska for yielding me the time.   I want to say it again. I want to thank the gentleman from Alaska,  the sole Member representing all Alaskans in the House of  Representatives, who joins with his Senators, the entire Alaska  delegation, in opposing this bill.   I heard Mr. Stauber come down earlier and talk about how we don't  need people from other States, from California coming in and imposing  their beliefs on Alaska. We have a Constitution. We have a structure  here where  [[Page H7676]]  Members from the State of Alaska, residents from the State of Alaska,  they elect their Representatives. And their Representatives are  unanimously supporting the development in the ANWR. They unanimously  support it.   Why do we have this structure where other people come in? It is  fascinating to me that we can be here and have folks from California  sit there and all the time ask for exemptions, ask for exceptions, ask  for their own conditions or rules in California, and then they now come  in and they know better, and they need to tell Alaskans what needs to  be done.   I just heard allegations that this was about oil company profits and  other things. This is about what the citizens of Alaska want, what  their elected Representatives are doing to represent their own  constituents.   Now, to give you an idea of how much of a farce this whole thing is,  do you realize that this is the third bill that is using the same  funding stream to pay for everything? We have taken $1 and we paid $3  with it. How do you do that? This entire thing is a farce.   To take it a step further to let you know what a farce this is, when  this bill came up in the Natural Resources Committee, I offered an  amendment that said that if this bill results in greater greenhouse gas  emissions, then this bill doesn't take place. It is not enacted.   Do you know that my Democrat friends voted against it, meaning they  want greater emissions and greenhouse gases, my environmentalist  friends? This whole thing is a farce. This is going to result in  greater dependence upon foreign oil imports.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Young for yielding me  more time.   This is going to result in greater dependence on imports of energy.  We have seen it over and over again. We had career officials sit right  in front of us in the Natural Resources Committee and testify that when  you stop domestic production, that you become more dependent.   Look upon my friend's own State of California that has become  increasingly dependent upon oil from Saudi Arabia, increasing their  imports of oil from Saudi Arabia. Look at our friends up in the  northeast that had to import natural gas from Vladimir Putin's Russia  and burn heavy heating oil to help to warm the homes in the northeast  because they similarly cut off their energy supplies.   This makes no sense whatsoever. We are doing it under the auspices of  an environment that this very bill threatens.   Mr. Chair, I urge rejection of this legislation, and rejection of  this entire farce process.   