 Madam President, I learned yesterday that two of the  innocent victims in the shooting in Jersey City earlier this week are  from my hometown, my home borough, the great borough of Brooklyn--Moshe  Deutsch and Mindy Ferencz--and that the kosher deli where they were all  killed in all likelihood was targeted as part of a hate crime.   This morning, I stand in solidarity with the Jewish communities of  New Jersey and New York as they confront the anti-Semitic poison that  motivated that horrible attack, and I stand in sorrow at the loss of  innocent lives from my community. May their memory be a blessing.   I also salute the great police officer, as well, who fell in the line  of duty trying to apprehend these brutal thugs.    Madam President, on impeachment, the House Judiciary  Committee will continue today its markup of Articles of Impeachment  against Donald Trump.   The articles charge that President Trump abused the Office of the  Presidency by soliciting the interference of a foreign power in our  elections to benefit himself personally. The articles also charge him  with obstruction of justice in the investigation into those matters.   Those articles were drafted after a months-long investigation into  the President's dealings with Ukraine, which included scores of fact  witnesses and expert testimony. Throughout that time, and still today,  the White House refuses to participate in the House process. It has  blocked key witnesses. It has withheld relevant documents. It has  instructed members of the administration to defy congressional  subpoenas and not to testify. Those that did testify did so bravely  against the wishes of the White House.   What is the President hiding? What do these witnesses know? What do  these documents show?   Those are fair questions that every American could ask and, because  neither the President nor Republican Congress Members have presented  any refutation of the facts in the impeachment charges or any  exculpatory evidence other than grand conspiracy theories, the American  people have a right to say the President must be hiding something.   If there are documents or witnesses the President believes could  provide exculpatory evidence, nothing is stopping the witnesses from  testifying and the documents from being sent over, except the President  of the United States, who in all likelihood is afraid of what they show  because they confirm and corroborate the lengthy factual basis that the  House compiled to come up with the Articles of Impeachment. The fact  that President Trump is blocking witnesses from testifying and blocking  documents from release means that, more likely than not, those  witnesses and documents do not and cannot refute the charges against  the President.   When someone who might be guilty of a crime says he doesn't want  witnesses of the crime to come forward, what do you think that means?   Why haven't the President and his allies presented exculpatory  evidence--evidence that says this is not true? Why, instead, have they  created these bobbles, these objects far away, saying: There is a  conspiracy here. There is a conspiracy there.   It is the old lawyer saying: When you have the facts, argue the  facts. When you have the law, argue the law. When you have neither,  pound the table.   In this case, pounding the table means coming up with diversionary  conspiratorial theories.   House Republicans, rather than mount a vigorous defense of the  President on the merits, have attacked the process. If House  Republicans could focus on the merits, could find evidence that said:  No, this is not true; that is not true; he did not try to influence  Ukraine to help his campaign, they would have presented it.   Why has no evidence been presented directly refuting the core of the  charge against the President? Because there probably isn't any.   In the Senate we have several Members who are swimming in the murky  waters of conspiracy to divert attention from the fact that they don't  have the facts and the law on their side. The only way they can defend  the President's comments is to come up with crazy, out-of-line  conspiracy theories that are not based on any evidence.   Some Senate Republicans find it so difficult to argue the President's  defense on the facts that they resort to fiction. For instance, in the  past few weeks, certain Republicans have actually helped spread  disinformation invented by Putin's intelligence services. He said that  Ukraine, not Russia, interfered in the election. No one believes it.  There is no factual basis of it. Of course, Putin would say he wants to  divert attention from Russia, but it is amazing that Senators would  traffic in those theories, totally made up, not one bit of fact. It is  a low moment for the Senate when their blind obeisance to President  Trump overshadows any need to find truth and to defend rule of law.  That is not what a democracy is about. That is the edges of  dictatorship.    Chairman Graham conducted an entire hearing yesterday to give public  viewing to the now completely debunked conspiracy theory that the FBI  investigation into the Trump campaign began with political motives.  Inspector General Horowitz, to his credit, stuck to the findings in the  report. He found no evidence of bias. So Senator Graham, as he tends to  do these days, put on a big show, a lot of ranting, a lot of raving--no  refutation of the fact of what the IG found.   So it is just like Ukraine where certain Members are so unable to  defend what the President did with Ukraine, they latch on to Russian  propaganda, or they come up with these histrionics, again, to try to  divert attention, a shiny object to take the American people's  attention away from the wrongdoing that the House is accusing him of.  In fact, the deputy counsel of the FBI actually said that the  department ``would be derelict in its responsibility'' if it did not  open an investigation into Trump. She is not a political person. She is  a law enforcement officer.   If you think President Trump is above the law, go right ahead, but  that is not what George Washington or Benjamin Franklin or Thompson  Jefferson  [[Page S7003]]  or Alexander Hamilton thought this Nation was about; that is not what  generations of Americans who fought and died for our country thought it  was about. We have reached a low moment in American history and a very  low moment for the Republican Party now that it has been taken over by  Donald Trump. This is not the Republican Party of the last 150 years.   All of this is a backdrop to the impending trial of President Trump,  where two lines of argument may be presented in a court of impeachment.  One line of argument--accusations against the President--has relied on  facts, public record, and the sworn testimony of dozens of officials  with knowledge of the events. The other line of argument--the defense  of the President--has so far relied on conspiracy, innuendo,  hyperventilation about the process, with no refutation of the specific  facts that the House has found.   The American people will be savvy enough over the next several months  to tell the difference.   