 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I have  some sympathy for the motion that Senator Brown made because he just  came from a meeting with people who are very interested in getting this  multiemployer pension issue straightened out.   It was 3 or 4 years ago that I spoke to a big delegation of people  who were mostly from the Central States Teamsters, and they were very  much lobbying for a solution to this problem. They treated me like a  hero because at that time we were probably in the middle of a  Government Accountability Office investigation of the mismanagement of  these funds. We thought we were going to get a GAO report that would  show the mismanagement, reap the benefits of that mismanagement, and  recoup a lot of funds. Quite frankly, that Government Accountability  Office study of about 2 years didn't prove what I thought and what the  Central States Teamsters people thought was wrong. We still think the  mismanagement was there, but if you don't have an authority like the  Government Accountability Office to justify that, it doesn't give you  much of a leg to follow up on.   Now we have the Butch Lewis Act for which Senator Brown is asking  unanimous consent. We also have other proposals that the Senate  Committee on Finance, which I chair, has been working on--and not only  under my chairmanship. The biggest part of this work was probably done  when Senator Hatch was still the chairman of the committee.   I also want to give people the reasons I have asked to reserve the  right to object.   The Butch Lewis Act doesn't provide long-term solvency to the Central  States' plan or to other critical and declining multiemployer pension  plans. It is a costly and incomplete attempt to fix the multiemployer  system.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, many plans that would  be eligible for loans under this legislation couldn't pay these loans  back, and most of the plans taking the loans  [[Page S5815]]  would become insolvent even if they were able to pay back the loans.  The bill acknowledges this failing by providing for direct Federal  assistance for plans that go insolvent even after they receive loans.   Most critically, the Butch Lewis Act makes no reforms to the system  in order to secure its long-term solvency. That is not the way we ought  to be working to help retirees.   In getting back to the work of the Committee on Finance, since last  year, both under Senator Hatch's leadership and mine, the committee has  been working on a bipartisan basis to address the issues facing the  multiemployer system. I emphasize the necessity of bipartisanship in  the U.S. Senate. When you have a division of 53 to 47 and you have to  have 60 votes to get something done in this body, bipartisanship is  very, very important.   The committee is nearing its completion of a comprehensive proposal  that will include financial assistance to the critical and declining  multiemployer pension plans and provide long-term solvency to these  plans and to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. That proposal  will include financial relief for plans like Central States' and for  the coal miners.   The Butch Lewis Act is so costly and does nothing to fix the flaws in  the system that has brought about this bill. In relationship to the  Government Accountability Office, I spoke to some of those flaws that I  initiated a few years ago. There is really nothing in the proposal on  which Senator Brown is asking for a UC that addresses the mismanagement  of the trustees. Our comprehensive plan includes reforms to address  trustee requirements and plan operations. In other words, the people in  the private sector who are managing this ought to have some  responsibility of making sure they are doing it in a fiscally sound way  and are carrying out the rights of the trustees.   So I object to this request.   