 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, reserving the right to object--and I  will object--I am disappointed that my colleagues are offering such a  short-term, piecemeal approach toward resolving the problems of our  historically Black colleges and minority-serving institutions, when I  have repeatedly offered a much better idea, and they have blocked it. I  will offer it again in just a moment. I know the Senator from North  Carolina is here to speak on the same subject.   Compared to what I have offered, they are offering a short-term, 2- year, budget gimmick-supported idea that will have a difficult time  passing the Senate. What I have offered and they have blocked is  permanent funding of historically Black colleges and minority-serving  institutions--permanent funding--at the level of $255 million a year,  properly funded. That is No. 1. There is assurance from the U.S.  Department of Education that every single historically Black  institution--there are 97 of them--have enough funding to go until next  October. Even the Senate ought to be able to do its job in that period  of time.   At the same time, I have offered the Alexander-Jones bill offered by  the distinguished Senator from Alabama, which would simplify the  Federal aid application form called the FAFSA for 8 million minority  students, among 20 million families in this country.   Why would anybody want to take a short-term, piecemeal approach that  is based on a budget gimmick that couldn't pass the Senate compared  with permanent funding for historically Black colleges and a bipartisan  proposal to change the hated, dreaded FAFSA by reducing the number of  questions you have to answer from 108 questions to between 18 and 30?  This  [[Page S6700]]  document is the single biggest impediment to minority students going to  college in America today, and the Democrats are blocking the passage of  a bipartisan bill.   I object.    Madam President, I see the Senator from Ohio. I intend  to offer my alternative to which, I gather, someone plans to object. I  will go ahead and do that unless he wants to speak at this point.    What I will do is make my offer quickly, and then I  will make my speech following the objection.   Let me summarize, to begin with, that what has just happened is I  have objected to a short-term, piecemeal extension of funding for  historically Black colleges and minority-serving institutions because  it is a bill that, I think, will have great difficulty passing the  Senate because of the way it is not properly funded. What I am about to  offer, and which I will speak on after the objection is made, is  permanent funding for historically Black colleges at the level of $255  million a year--permanent funding--as opposed to short-term, piecemeal  funding as part of a  [[Page S6701]]  package of higher education legislation that has been prepared and  cosponsored by 29 Senators--more Democrats than Republicans--with the  principal other provision being reducing the questions in the FAFSA,  the Federal aid application form, from 108 to between 18 and 30. This  is a bill introduced by the Senator from Alabama, Mr. Jones, and I,  which our Senate committee has been working on for 5 years. It is the  single most important impediment to keeping minority students from  going to college in our State--and I think most States, according to  our former Governor--and it would help 8 million minority students who  fill out this complicated form every year.   I will speak more to that in just a minute, but that is what I am  about to ask my friends on the other side to permit me to pass.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 2557--the bill I just  described, the permanent funding of historically Black colleges and the  simplification of the FAFSA and other measures--and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I see the Senator from Maryland, but  I would like to take a few minutes to describe the proposal to which  Senator Brown just objected.   I appreciate the Senator from Ohio in his saying that he hopes that  Senator Murray and I can do what we usually do, which is to take issues  within our Education Committee and work them out and present them to  the Senate as a whole, but that is not the way this came up. This came  up suddenly, and no one talked to me about it. Here we are when, for 5  years, we have been in the midst of reauthorizing higher education.  Permanently funding historically Black colleges has always been an  important part of that discussion when suddenly here comes this bill as  if there were an emergency.   What I heard my friend from Ohio say is that he objects to my  proposal as a microproposal, as a small proposal, but he is suggesting  an even smaller proposal. He is suggesting a 2-year fix that, in my  opinion, can't pass the Senate because of the way it is funded.   Plus, why would you want a 2-year fix when you have the chairman of  the Education Committee working for the permanent funding of  historically Black colleges and minority-serving institutions? This is  what I have offered on the floor, and that is what has just now been  objected to by the Democrats.   At the same time, he mentioned a number of bills that he thought  needed some changes. The request I made that was objected to also  included simplifying FAFSA, which is the Federal aid application form  that 20 million students fill out every year. Let's put a human face on  that.   The President of Southwest Tennessee Community College in Memphis,  which is a largely minority institution in terms of its students--I see  my colleague from Tennessee is presiding today, and she knows this  institution well--told me they lose 1,500 students every semester  because of the complexity of this form. There are 108 questions. A  bipartisan working group, including Senator Bennet, of Colorado, a  Democrat; Senator Jones, of Alabama, a Democrat; Senator King, of  Maine, an Independent; and many others on our side, we have reduced  these 108 questions to between 18 and 30. It has the support of the  student aid administrators from across the country. It has the support  of college presidents who see their students turned away because their  parents and their grandparents see this as too complex.   Former Governor of Tennessee Bill Haslam led our legislature to  create 2 free years of college tuition in Tennessee, but first you have  to fill this out. Governor Haslam has told me the single biggest  impediment to low-income Tennesseans getting those 2 years of free  education is the complexity of that form.   Why would the Senator object to doing it when we have been working on  it for 5 years and have a bipartisan bill to get it done? Why don't we  pass it? Why don't we make it the law? What do we say to those 1,500  students who don't get to go to college because of this?   At the same time, at the other end of our State, the president of  East Tennessee State University tells me that 70 percent of his student  body is subjected to verification. The way this system works is you  have to give some information to the IRS and some information to the  Department of Education, and if you make one little mistake, they jerk  your Pell grant while they figure out what the problem is. Seventy  percent of the students were subjected to that verification, and some  of them lost their scholarships while that happened. That is totally  unnecessary.   People in Tennessee ask me: If that is true, why don't you pass it?   That is the question I am asking my friends because I just asked the  Senate to pass it, and the Senator objected. Why don't we pass it? Why  don't we make it the law? It is not as if I just showed up one day with  this. We have been all the way through our process of hearings. It has  been through working groups of Democratic and Republican Senators. It  ought to be done.   There is no need for us to come to the floor and say we need to pass  a short-term, 2-year fix for historically Black colleges when, at the  same time, you could have permanent funding for historically Black  colleges and could fix the Federal aid application form that 8 million  minority students fill out every year--8 million students. What are the  Senators going to say to them about why they are not going to make it  easier for them to go to college when we are here, arguing about a  short-term, piecemeal fix for historically Black colleges?   In a way, I am glad we are having this discussion because I have been  trying to bring this to the attention of my colleagues and if you go  home and talk to the families, they will tell you that 20 million fill  this out every year. In Tennessee, it is 400,000. And college aid  administrators will tell you that.    I will give another example. I was in West Tennessee a couple of  weeks ago at an event that was sponsored by the Ayers family. For 20  years, they have given money to help rural kids succeed in college.  What the Ayers have discovered is that instead of spending their money  on scholarships, they are spending it on counselors because counselors  help students more than the money does. They have found there are lots  of scholarships, but it is the counselors who make the difference. Yet  what do the counselors spend their time doing? They help students  answer these unnecessary questions.   So we are blocking and impeding the very students the Senator is  claiming he wants to help when he objects to this bill I offered today.   I want to make it clear that I will come to the floor every day, if I  need to, and offer legislation for the permanent funding of  historically Black colleges and minority-serving institutions, which  will be fully paid for, and a bipartisan proposal to simplify the FAFSA  from 108 questions to 18 to 30 questions, which is estimated by the  Congressional Budget Office to allow for 250,000 new American students  to receive Pell grants as a result of the simplicity of what we have  done.   I am disappointed that we haven't come to a bipartisan result on  that. My friends who are here today know very well that this is the way  I like to work. I believe it is hard to get to the U.S. Senate, that it  is hard to stay here, and that while you are here, you might as well  try to accomplish something. That is what I want to do. I hope we can  do it on higher education.   When we accomplish it, I hope we can say we have agreed on the  permanent funding for historically Black colleges and that we have  elevated the importance of this complicated FAFSA to the attention of  Senators on both sides of the aisle so that we say: Let's get this  done. I don't want to go home any longer and have people ask me: Why  don't you pass that? Why do I have to give the same information to two  different parts of the Federal Government? Why are you discouraging the  very low-income students who ought to be going to college?   I am disappointed in this result today, and I intend to continue to  work for the permanent funding of historically Black colleges.   My last sentence will be this: I want all of the presidents of the 97  institutions to know that the U.S. Department of Education has said  there is full Federal funding for historically Black colleges and  minority-serving institutions for another year. Another year ought to  be plenty of time for us to reject this short-term fix and to adopt a  permanent solution as well as to simplify the FAFSA, have short-term  Pell grants, and take up a variety of other proposals that ought to be  a part of the Higher Education Act.   I yield the floor.   