 Mr. President, I rise to address the Congressional Review  Act measure we will be voting on later today.   Let's be very clear. This is a vote the purpose of which is to  overturn a very, very important part of the tax reform that we passed  in December of 2017 that made the Tax Code much more fair than it was  before. Specifically, I am referring to the limitations that we put on  the ability of people to deduct State and local taxes.   Let's remember what our Tax Code looked like before our tax reform.  Wealthy individuals could deduct the full amount of any State and local  tax deductions, however high they got. And we use the acronym ``SALT''  to refer to these State and local tax deductions. So why do I say that  is unfair? Well, it is unfair because it subsidizes people who choose  to live in high-tax jurisdictions. It does that because it lowers the  tax bill of somebody who lives in a high-tax jurisdiction, like  Manhattan or San Francisco, because they get to deduct the full amount  of the outrageously high State and local taxes they choose to pay. The  fact that they get to deduct that big number means the rest of us have  to pay higher rates on our income than we otherwise would have to pay.  Why should my constituents in Blair County or Cambria County or  anywhere else in Pennsylvania--constituents with modest incomes who  choose local governments that keep a modest level of service and  therefore a modest level of taxes--why should those constituents have  to pay higher tax rates to subsidize the folks who have multimillion- dollar condos on the Upper West Side of Manhattan? It is totally  unfair. They certainly should not have to do that. And have no doubt  about it--the huge benefits of this unlimited State and local tax  deduction that we used to have always flowed to a handful of States  that have chosen to have very, very high taxes. California and New York  are two good examples. Under the old regime, about one-third of all the  benefits of the State and local tax deductions went to just those two  States--just California and New York. They had one-third of all the  benefits.    Take New Jersey, right next door to my State of Pennsylvania. New  Jersey has 4 million fewer people than we have in Pennsylvania, almost  one-third fewer people, but they got more of the benefit of the SALT  deductions than my entire State. That is because New Jersey is a very  high-tax State. Guess what. It is a high-tax State because the people  who live there voted for politicians who raise their taxes. That is  apparently what they want. They want to have all of the services that  go with that. They are happy with very high State income tax and local  property taxes. That is their decision. Look, if you want to vote for  someone who is going to impose exorbitantly high taxes on you, you  should be free to cast that vote. But don't expect my constituents to  subsidize them.   So that was the regime we had in place. Tax reform came along, and we  said: Do you know what we are going to do? We are going to put a limit  on the amount of State and local taxes that a tax filer can deduct. The  limit is $10,000. It is not trivial. It is a lot of money. But that is  the limit. If you pay more than that in State and local taxes, you do  not get to deduct it.   In response to that, very interestingly, several of these high-tax  States have designed a scam to get around the limitation we imposed.  The scam is that they create this vehicle, and then they have their  taxpayers pay their taxes into that vehicle and call it a charity, call  it a charitable contribution. The money then goes out of that vehicle  and goes to the government. It is not a charitable contribution at all.  It is a transparent, obvious attempt to circumvent the law that we  passed in 2017.   The IRS came along and said: Well, this is an obvious scam. They  developed a rule that shuts down the scam. It says: If you create this  scam, this make-believe charity, as a way to circumvent the cap on  State and local deductions, we are going to disallow the deduction. So  the IRS ruling shuts down the scam and maintains the deduction cap, and  what my Democratic colleagues want to do right now is have a vote to  invalidate the IRS ruling--in other words, have a vote to keep the  scam. That is what the vote is today, to make sure we destroy the IRS  ruling and keep this scam in place.   One of the ironies of this whole debate is that our Democratic  colleagues voted against our tax reform because they said that it was  too much of a tax cut for the rich, despite the fact that, in fact, our  tax reform shifted the tax burden from lower income taxpayers to higher  income taxpayers while saving money for everybody.   The relative proportion of taxes paid increased for wealthy people,  decreased for low-income people, while everyone had some savings. That  was objectionable to my Democratic colleagues.   Now they come along, and they want to repeal the rule that shuts down  the scam. They want to perpetuate the scam that is a massive giveaway  to the wealthiest Americans. It is amazing.   According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 94 percent of the  benefit--if they had their way and prevailed on this vote, 94 percent  of the benefit would go to people whose income is over $200,000; 52  percent of the benefit would go to taxpayers with income over $1  million.   Not only is it fundamentally unfair to ask people in some low-tax  jurisdictions to subsidize the taxes chosen by people in high-tax  jurisdictions, the subsidy all flows from low- and middle-income people  to very, very wealthy people. That is the deal: Millionaires would  receive an average tax cut of $60,000; taxpayers with income between  $50,000 and $100,000 would receive an average tax cut of less than  $10--not $10,000--$10.   What we did when we put a limit on the ability to deduct State and  local taxes was a big step in making our Tax Code more fair. The States  came along and developed a scam to circumvent it. The IRS, quite  rightly, saw through the scam and said: We are not going to allow that  scam to continue. Now my Democratic colleagues want to tear up the IRS  rule to perpetuate the scam. That is a very bad idea, and I hope we  will all vote against the Congressional Review Act effort that is  scheduled for a vote later today.   I yield the floor.   