 Mr. President, as I begin this morning, I need to mention  the tornado that tore through my hometown of Sioux Falls last night.  Thankfully, there appear to have been no fatalities, but there has been  a lot of structural damage. I am grateful to all of the emergency  responders, the electric crews, and all of those who worked through the  night to keep the residents safe. My thoughts are with Sioux Falls  today and with all of those who are dealing with the tornado's  aftermath.   I had the opportunity this morning to speak with Mayor Paul TenHaken,  of Sioux Falls, who, as you would expect, was up throughout the night  with his team. I just expressed our support to him, to his team, and to  our community as they begin the process of the cleanup and recovery  from what was a very damaging storm.   I also talked with my wife and older daughter, who lives in Sioux  Falls, both of whom were in their basements last night as, I think,  most residents were. I am glad to hear that people took the necessary  steps to keep themselves and their families safe.   As I have reported, so far--knock on wood--we are not aware of  injuries that have been associated with this. Yet I will continue to  monitor the situation, and my staff and I are available to help with  whatever will be needed as a result of this storm.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr.  Tillis).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from North Carolina (Mr.  Tillis) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   