 K. Butterfield.   Madam Chair, I am the father of four, and for the last 40 years I  have tried always to take one of my children into the voting booth with  me until they got too old, one by one, to come in because I wanted them  to see by example how important it was to vote.   I tried to show them that this is a really big deal. Our dinner  conversations for these 40 years have been always about the world, the  country, inevitably, then about politics and then about government,  because nothing is more important to our representative government than  this idea of self-determination, that every one of us has the  obligation to be part of our political process.   But, sadly, as we all know, way too many young people do not  participate in our process. If we get to 10 percent, 11 percent, 12  percent under the age of 29, we are thrilled that they show up. So  their voice is lost far too often.   So our amendment simply authorizes $25 million, over the next 2  years, in grant money to be issued to the Election Assistance  Commission, and that is for them to give to eligible States money to be  used to carry out plans, policies, and programs to increase youth  involvement in elections. It does things like encourage States to  implement methods to promote the preregistration of young voters.   I know this is probably already part of the bill itself, the  requirement for preregistration, but in the 20 States that have it that  you can register at age 15 or 16--not vote until you are 18--but if you  do that, then you get a much higher voter participation.   It petitions States to modify the curriculum of secondary schools to  promote civic engagement and activities to inspire young people to  engage.   Madam Chair, I try to accept every invitation that I get from a high  school to come be part of their classes. I came to 84 high school  graduations when I was Lieutenant Governor because I get so discouraged  when not just kids, but even adults don't know the names of their  Governor or their U.S. Senators or certainly not their Congressman, and  they have no idea how the Constitution works and how valuable it is.   We have to educate them, and this is a small investment in  encouraging States to provide those curricula and others that can make  it. They need substantive opportunities to participate in our political  process and contributing to practical solutions.   Madam Chair, I feel deeply, if you can give good practice to kids,  that will lead to good habits, good habits to good character, and as we  all know, character is destiny.   So this small, humble amendment simply authorizes the Appropriations  Committee to invest $25 in the Election Assistance Commission to help  get our kids involved in politics at the best and young ages.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.   