 Mr. President, Monday was Veterans Day, and it gave us  all the opportunity to come together as Republicans and Democrats and  Independents alike to express our immense gratitude to our veterans for  putting on the uniform of the United States on behalf of our great  country and on behalf of all of us.   I just listened to my colleague from Colorado talk about our  cherished veterans and their service. He is a champion for our  veterans. He is absolutely right--our veterans need to be at the front  of the line for healthcare and getting access to the best care  possible. That hasn't always been the case. We have made some  improvements in the last few years, and those are now being  implemented. They are not perfect, but thankfully it is much better. I  heard that over Veterans Day.   He also talked about our families. The families of veterans also make  sacrifices, and sometimes we forget that. In the last several years, as  the up-tempo has been a little higher and families have had to  sacrifice even more, we are particularly grateful for those families.   The Presiding Officer today is one of our veterans in the Chamber. As  a marine, he has served our country with distinction, and we appreciate  him and all the other veterans here in the Senate.   In my home State of Ohio, we have 850,000 veterans, roughly. It makes  us a State that is particularly proud. We are a State that has produced  some of the great American fighting men and women heroes, from Ulysses  S. Grant to Neil Armstrong.   When I go to veterans' events, I am just inspired and overwhelmed by  the families and the veterans I get to meet.   On Veterans Day, I was in Blue Ash, OH, at a memorial that has been  set aside for our veterans. It was a wonderful day in Blue Ash, but  every day of the year this memorial park is there, and it is beautiful.  It commemorates veterans from every single war. There are 11 soldiers,  sailors, marines, and airmen who are representing each of the conflicts  America has been engaged in, all the way from the American Revolution  to the heroes of the Global War on Terror. Behind a description of each  of those conflicts is a separate statue of a fighting man or woman.  Most importantly to me, on Monday, on the other side of those statues,  were the veterans. They were there from every conflict--from World War  II and right up to those soldiers who have recently come back from  Afghanistan.   Today, as we are here on the floor talking about our great veterans,  there are soldiers, marines, sailors, and airmen on Active Duty in  places all around the world, including in Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq.   After this event in Blue Ash, OH, I then went to Columbus, OH, and  had the opportunity to go to the National Veterans Memorial and Museum.  This is a new, spectacular museum outside of Columbus, OH. It is  something we are very proud of in Ohio. I took the lead in the Senate  to try to be sure that we had the national designation. We have that  now. It is the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. It was funded  almost entirely with private sector dollars. Over $75 million was  raised just from the private sector in the Columbus-Central Ohio area.  President Trump signed the legislation into law last year to designate  it as the national memorial.   It is a beautiful way to pay tribute to our veterans, mostly by  stories. You walk in, and there are story boards about different  veterans' experiences. The facility itself is inspiring--one of the  finest architectural designs, we are told, in the country the year it  was built.   When I went around and thanked veterans at this memorial, I heard the  same thing I heard in Blue Ash and that I hear every time I thank a  veteran, which is more or less this: Thank you for your service. The  response being: I was just doing my job. I was just doing my duty.   Duty. I am the son of a World War II veteran and the grandson of a  World War I veteran. ``Duty'' is a word I heard a lot growing up and  ``service'' and ``honor.'' For our country today, those words are very  important to remember.   Our veterans have played a key role in ensuring we have the freedoms  we too often take for granted, but also there is a culture around  veterans that we need to hear more and more of today, and we need to be  sure more of our young people are hearing, which is this notion that  service beyond self is important; that duty, honor, and sacrifice are  part of the fundamental values of our country.   The fact that we have had such support for our veterans, to me, ought  also  [[Page S6594]]  to be translated into support for those who are on Active Duty, because  when I talk to our veterans about their concerns--yes, they talk about  healthcare or disability and other issues that my office helps veterans  with every day, and we are proud to do that--what they also tell me is  that they want to be sure we are taking care of the troops. They want  to be sure we are honoring our veterans by ensuring that the men and  women in uniform today, who are out on the frontlines for all of us,  are getting the support they need from the U.S. Congress.   Unfortunately, we are letting them down right now, whether it is with  the National Defense Authorization Act--which is still in conference,  which normally is a bipartisan bill that gets done quickly and that  establishes the framework for how we provide readiness and how we  provide the right weapons, being sure our soldiers, marines, airmen,  and sailors have the very best--but, secondly, we are not even  providing the funding bill this year.   We have tried. We have brought it to the floor of the Senate, and we  have asked for a vote on it. We have not been able to get that vote. So  right now we are operating on what is called a continuing resolution,  which is not good for the military.   I was at the Youngstown Air Reserve Station last week, which is a  reserve unit in Ohio that provides airlift capability and a spray  mission for our military. They have about 1,500 airmen support people  and pilots there. They are very worried about the continuing resolution  and its impact. They can't plan for training exercises. They can't plan  for upgrades in their equipment to keep the cutting-edge technology  they want to have for the safety of their pilots and the crews.   I also heard, of course, a lot about the possibility of a government  shutdown and how devastating that would be for our military. Wright- Patterson Air Force Base is in Ohio. That is their top concern.   Unfortunately, I will tell you that although our highest priority  here in the Senate ought to be ensuring that at a minimum our troops  have what they need, we haven't done that this year.   I would urge my colleagues on both sides: Lets's figure out how to do  what we typically do here, which is, if we can't agree on everything in  the spending bills, let's at least agree on providing this funding for  our troops.   By the way, it is particularly important this year because in that  funding is a pay raise for the troops that they need badly. It is very  important for Ohio.   I said earlier that we are one of those States that is proud of all  the veterans who live there and all of the people from Ohio who have  stood up and served their country, but we are also proud of our  military facilities. Defense spending now accounts for 66,000 direct  jobs in Ohio, more than $4 billion in salaries, and more than $14  billion of positive economic impact spread out over our 88 counties in  Ohio.   We have some great facilities. I mentioned Wright-Patterson Air Force  Base and the Youngstown Air Reserve Station. We also have the Joint  Systems Manufacturing Center in Lima, OH, which is the place where we  make our tanks. During the Obama administration, that facility was  nearly shut down. A bunch of us led the fight, and I led the fight here  in the Senate to keep it open. Thank goodness we did. Today, we need  it. We need to be producing these tanks. We need to push back against  the threats that we see. Our Army wants these vehicles--armored  vehicles--including Strykers and tanks. We are very proud of that  facility in Ohio. We want to be sure that we have the funding for it so  we can move forward. In this appropriations bill there is funding for  new tanks and new Stryker vehicles.   At the spray facility I talked about at the Youngstown Air Reserve  Station, they need new airplanes. They need to have upgrades. Right now  they need to be sure that the funding we have in this appropriations  bill goes through because it actually enables them to construct a gate  for the facility that is safe. The homeland security folks have told  them that their current gate does not protect the base properly. So we  have funding in this legislation to be able to do that.   I remain concerned that we are not coming together, as we do for our  veterans, for our Active Duty.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have repeatedly blocked  these procedural motions to move the bill forward, but their  disagreements seem to be more with broader issues--how we are going to  fund other issues, maybe including the wall on the southwest border-- from what they say. Let's deal with that bill separately, but let's not  take it out on our troops. Let's not make our troops a pawn in these  political fights.   The funding bill we have was drafted on a bipartisan basis. It also  is bicameral, in the sense that the House bill for Defense  appropriations this year is very similar to the Senate bill.   The United States and the defense framework we have built over the  years with our allies is under siege in places like Iran, China, North  Korea, Turkey, and Russia. While we fight over funding our defense this  year, their arsenals--those countries' arsenals--continue to grow.   I have heard from every branch of the military on this. Again, they  all say the same thing: Failing to pass this funding agreement and  defaulting to a continuing resolution--God forbid we go to a government  shutdown, but even a continuing resolution where the funding wouldn't  increase--negatively affects their ability to carry out their missions.   For the Army, by the way, that means delaying procurement of critical  equipment, like their Next Generation Combat Vehicle and land-based  hypersonic missiles. But it also means more than 4,000 military family  and single-soldier dwellings would not be awarded to servicemembers,  and that nearly 300 military housing units in desperate need of repair  will not get the upkeep they need.   For the Navy, they tell me failing to pass the appropriations bill  will mean delaying the start of 3 dozen new critical military  construction projects, and it creates a nearly $2 billion shortfall for  research and development, among other things. By the way, that includes  holding research into artificial intelligence development, or AI  development, which is critical right now. China is making great strides  in that area. We have to be sure we are more than keeping up.   For the Air Force, they tell me this funding is necessary to field  the new F-15EX fighter plane, to maintain and improve, of course, the  F-35 fleet, and to help recruit and train new pilots to operate these  state-of-the-art aircraft.   In Ohio, a CR would negatively impact our operations at Wright- Patterson and the critical work we do for our Nation at NASIC, which is  a counterintelligence operation, among other things.   Again, failing to pass the agreement will also keep us from moving  forward with the across-the-board 3.1-percent pay increase for our  troops, which is key to ensuring they are fairly compensated for their  hard work and the sacrifices we have talked about today. It would be  the largest pay raise in a decade, and they shouldn't be prevented from  getting it because of our political differences here on other issues.   Anyone who has read the Constitution will tell you that the very  first stated purpose of the Federal Government is to ``provide for the  common defense.'' That is our fundamental responsibility here. If we  can't put aside these partisan disagreements and reach an agreement to  fund our Armed Forces, we are failing to carry out those duties.   I hope it doesn't come to that. I hope politics can be put aside, and  we can agree soon to give our men and women in uniform the  comprehensive support they need, because when you meet veterans, as I  did on Veterans Day across our State, you can't help but wonder where  they would be if they didn't have the funding they needed when they  were out there putting their lives on the line for all of us.   Again, to honor our veterans, we also have to honor our Active Duty.  It is critical to our men and women in uniform, and it is critical to  our national security.   I yield back.   