 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Smith for yielding, and I  [[Page H707]]  truly thank him for being the spearhead. Somebody has to take the lead,  and he has taken the lead magnificently to call attention continually  to such, not only an important topic, an essential topic that we as  Americans have to deal with.   There is a book by author Simon Sinek that says, ``Start With Why''.  Whys happen to us every day. The simple thing to start with is, Why are  we here? Make no mistake: it is nobody's plan that we are here, with  the exception of God's plan that we are here; no one else.   In January 1973, Roe v. Wade was decided by the Supreme Court, as you  all know, and in the 46 years since, far too many unborn lives have  been taken that could not fight or speak for themselves. It is our  duty, our solemn duty, as elected officials and as citizens of the  United States, to fight for the unborn so that we all have a chance at  life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   Every year, people from all over our Nation come together in D.C. to  recognize the sanctity of life and to acknowledge that every life in  every stage is precious. Many of those people are on the road right now  as we are here, driving here, flying here from all over the country.   We are going to have a lot of folks from northern Michigan coming  here. I am looking forward to seeing them and greeting them tomorrow  morning as they prepare for the March for Life tomorrow afternoon.   The commitment that they have shown, again, citizens from all over  the country, bringing their children, bringing all generations here to  march for life, that is a commitment.   As a father and a grandfather, I am proud to be a member of the Pro- Life Caucus and I am proud to fight alongside my colleagues to be the  voice for those who have no voice.   Madam Speaker, again, I thank Chairman Smith for his diligent work  and leadership for the cause for life. I look forward to all of the  work ahead of us fighting to defend all life.   I am especially thankful that the mothers of all my colleagues here  in the House of Representatives in the 116th Congress, all 434 of them,  my mom makes 435, I am so glad that they all chose life, because that  decision decades ago has enabled us as elected representatives of the  American people to truly discuss what it means, the sanctity of life,  what God's plan is, and what our role is as elected officials ensuring  that God's plan for future generations yields the young men and women  who will someday take our places and thank us.   God bless us all.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for yielding.   