 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the  Senator from Colorado (Mr. Gardner), the Senator from South Carolina  (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Nebraska (Mr. Sasse), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz)  would have voted ``Nay''.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Idaho (Mr. Crapo), the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator  from Colorado (Mr. Gardner), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.  Graham), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Nebraska (Mr. Sasse), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz)  would have voted ``nay,'' the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Gardner) would  have voted ``nay,'' the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. Graham) would  have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. Sasse) would have  voted ``nay.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Crapo), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr.  Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), and the Senator from  Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  [[Page S5135]]  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan).   