 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4285, the Department of  Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2019, which I introduced  to ensure that veterans and their families continue to have access to  the programs and benefits that they rely on.   This critical bill authorizes the continuation of several important  VA programs that will expire at the end of this fiscal year if Congress  does not act.   First, this bill provides a 1-year extension of VA's authority  relating to vendee loans. Vendee loans are loans offered by the VA to  purchase VA real estate-owned properties. Offered to veterans and  nonveterans alike, this loan  [[Page H7732]]  program allows people to purchase properties that were previously  foreclosed upon and are now government-owned, with little to no  downpayment.   This bill also provides a 2-year extension of financial assistance  for supportive services for very low-income veteran families in  permanent housing. Grantees under this program are required to provide  supportive services to eligible veterans and their families, including  outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining VA benefits.   This program was previously authorized for fiscal year 2019, but this  extension would extend authorization to include fiscal years 2020 and  2021. This extension of the program helps give the VA and the grantees  better certainty of the program's future so they can continue providing  critical wraparound services that help low-income veterans get back on  their feet.   The bill also provides a 1-year extension of VA's payments and  allowances for beneficiary travel in connection with veterans receiving  care from vet centers. While veterans can claim beneficiary travel from  VA medical facilities, we know that care at the vet centers can be just  as important.   This program is important because it specifically helps populations  of rural veterans. Highly rural veterans have frequently described  transportation as being a limiting factor in receiving care, and I am  proud that this bill would extend this critical program.   I thank Chairman Takano and Ranking Member Roe for their work on  extending these critical programs and their true commitment to our  Nation's veterans. I also thank my colleague Congressman Bost from  Illinois, my friend on the VA Committee, for leading this legislation  with me.   It is an honor to serve on the VA Committee, the most bipartisan  committee in Congress, and work with my colleagues to support our  Nation's veterans.   I encourage my colleagues to support this critical legislation and  support our Nation's veterans.   