 Madam President, in October the Senate Judiciary  Committee marked up and passed S. 2132, the Promoting Security and  Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act of 2019. I am happy to say that  after further good faith negotiations among key stakeholders within and  outside of Congress, a version of the bill is included in the  appropriations package the Senate will soon consider.   I am proud to be a lead cosponsor of this bipartisan bill and to have  helped lead it through the Judiciary Committee. Senator Lankford, who  introduced this legislation, has tirelessly worked to get it across the  finish line in the Senate. From day one of this effort, American  victims of terrorism have had a tremendous ally in the Senator from  Oklahoma and his staff, and I thank him for his leadership.   Earlier today, Senator Lankford discussed parts of this bipartisan  legislation in greater detail. I would like to associate myself with  his remarks.   I am also very grateful to Senators Duckworth, Rubio, Blumenthal, and  Coons for their support and work on behalf of victims.   It is not easy to find common ground here in the Senate, but there is  one issue where we should all agree: Those who aid or carry out  terrorist attacks overseas that kill or injure Americans should be held  fully accountable in our justice system.   For over 25 years, the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1992, ATA, which I  authored and Congress unanimously passed, has empowered American  victims of international terrorism to bring lawsuits in Federal courts  to vindicate their rights and obtain compensation for their injuries-- providing some semblance of justice.   Equally important, these lawsuits disrupt and deter the financial  support of terrorist organizations. By cutting terrorists' financial  lifelines, the ATA is a key part of the U.S. arsenal in fighting  terrorism and protecting American citizens.   The 1992 law removed the jurisdictional hurdles that had for so long  frustrated or outright prevented American victims' ability to seek  justice in U.S. courts for attacks committed overseas. Congress passed  the ATA in the wake of international terrorist attacks, including the  Palestine Liberation Front's 1985 killing of Leon Klinghoffer, a Jewish  American aboard the Achille Lauro cruise ship.   For 25 years the law worked as intended. The Palestine Liberation  Organization, PLO, and Palestinian Authority themselves were repeatedly  held to account in U.S. courts and paid a price for terrorist attacks  that harmed or killed Americans. But starting in 2015, lower court  decisions made it impossible for American victims injured abroad to  hold sponsors of international terrorism accountable in our own courts.  These decisions nullified the fundamental purpose of the ATA--to  protect Americans wherever in the world they may be--and disrespected  Congress's power to protect U.S. citizens and U.S. interests.   Last year, I introduced the bipartisan Anti-Terrorism Clarification  Act of 2018, ATCA, in direct response to those court decisions,  including Sokolow v. PLO in the second Circuit and Livnat v.  Palestinian Authority in the DC Circuit. Congress passed the ATCA--once  again, without objection--to restore jurisdiction and thereby finally  secure justice for victims.   The ATCA expressed a clear principle: If the PLO and Palestinian  Authority continued to maintain any office or facility in the United  States, or accepted taxpayer-funded U.S. assistance, they would be  answerable in our courts for perpetrating or supporting terrorism that  harmed or killed Americans. The bipartisan bill was considered through  regular order as a standalone bill, with markups in both Chambers,  passed Congress without objection, and was signed into law by President  Trump in October of 2018.   Shortly thereafter, instead of facing justice in our courts, the  Palestinian Authority rejected all U.S.-backed humanitarian assistance  provided to the West Bank and Gaza. In its zeal to dodge legal  responsibility, the Palestinian Authority even prevented non- governmental organization, NGO, from receiving U.S. assistance.   The Palestinian Authority's strategically overbroad interpretation of  the ATCA harmed the very people it claims to represent on the  international stage.   After inexcusable objections and delays--which I previously outlined  on the Senate floor--the State Department finally began to  constructively work with me and my colleagues to improve upon the ATCA,  respond to the Palestinian Authority's actions, and finally remove the  jurisdictional hurdles imposed on American victims by flawed court  decisions.  [[Page S7183]]    The Promoting Security and Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act of  2019 is the product of those negotiations and enables victims of  terrorism to vindicate their rights in U.S. courts. It also responds  directly to the Palestinian Authority's shameful blocking of security  assistance and humanitarian services. This bill marks a rare compromise  reached by American victims of terrorism and the State Department.   I hope it in some way also sets a new precedent for our own State  Department to continue working on behalf of and never again at odds  with American victims.   During the bill's markup this past October, Senator Coons offered an  amendment that I cosponsored to add another important means of securing  jurisdiction in our courts over the PLO and Palestinian Authority: If  they pay terrorists or families of terrorists who injured or killed  Americans, then that reprehensible conduct will be grounds for  jurisdiction in ATA cases. This is a sound addition to the bill to  support the United States' global fight against terrorism, as reflected  in years of legislation--most recently the Taylor Force Act. The PLO  and Palestinian Authority's ``pay to slay'' policies are nothing short  of an incitement for further acts of terrorism. Connecting these  payments to jurisdiction in ATA cases is perhaps the least Congress  should do to further discourage such conduct and protect Americans  abroad.   The bill also sends a clear signal that Congress intends to empower  courts to restore jurisdiction in cases previously dismissed.   The American principle that everyone deserves meaningful access to  justice is as old as the Constitution itself. This bipartisan bill will  reopen the courthouse doors to American victims and their families. I  am grateful for its inclusion in the appropriations measure that the  Senate will soon consider.   Once again, I want to thank Senator Lankford for his leadership and  tireless work these past several months on behalf of American victims  of terrorism.   Finally, I also want to thank Chairman Graham for making this bill a  priority in the Judiciary Committee. I now urge all of my colleagues'  support for this important and bipartisan measure.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with Finance Committee Ranking Member Wyden to discuss a tax  provision included in the spending package currently before the Senate.   The tax title in this bill contains an important clarification to the  alternative fuel mixture tax credit under section 6426(e). This credit  is intended to promote the use of nontraditional fuels, such as  compressed natural gas and biomass-based fuels, for transportation and  other purposes. Unfortunately, some in the oil industry have sought to  turn this credit on its head by claiming the credit for ordinary  gasoline based on the amount of butane mixed in. Ranking Member Wyden,  is it correct that every gallon of gasoline produced in the United  States includes some amount of butane?    I can assure the Senator that it was never Congress's  intent for gasoline to qualify for this tax credit. I was chairman of  the Senate Finance Committee when the alternative fuel mixture credit  was enacted in 2005 as part of a surface transportation bill. During  that time, there was great interest in reducing our dependence on  foreign oil and traditional fuels. The alternative fuel mixture credit  was added to reduce that dependence, not to provide a handout to large  oil and gas companies. The fact is, if anyone had thought oil companies  could qualify for this crediw they already engaged in, the credit would  never have been enacted. Not only would I have objected on policy  grounds, but the Joint Committee on Taxation's revenue score associated  with the provision would have been so large that its passage wouldn't  have been feasible. What is more, if we had intended for butane mixed  with gasoline to qualify when the credit was enacted in 2005, I don't  understand why industry waited more than 10 years to start claiming the  credit for doing what they have been doing for more than a century, as  you point out.    I do agree. The IRS got the law correct when it issued  Revenue Ruling 2018-2, and our clarification makes clear that it is our  intent for the IRS interpretation of the law to be controlling for all  claims. This is the basis of the ``no inference'' language in the bill  that states: ``Nothing contained in this subsection or the amendments  made by this subsection shall be construed to create any inference as  to a change in law or guidance in effect prior to enactment of this  subsection.''   I thank the ranking member for engaging in this colloquy to discuss  this important issue and the clarification included in the pending  appropriations bill.   