 Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about S.J.  Res. 53. We will have a chance to vote on that tomorrow. I am joined by  my colleague from Maryland, Senator Van Hollen, and my colleague on the  Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator Whitehouse from Rhode  Island. I also want to thank Senator Carper for his leadership as the  senior Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee in regard  to this resolution.   This resolution will be voted on tomorrow. It deals with the CRA-- Congressional Review Act--vote in regard to the Trump administration's  affordable clean energy rule. That is probably a misnomer. It is what I  call the dirty powerplant rule. The CRA would repeal that so that we  can go back to the Clean Power Plan that was promulgated under the  Obama administration in 2015.   Let me explain what the Trump-era rule would do. First, it would  repeal the Clean Power Plan that was issued in 2015. That plan had real  results in it. It set limits on a powerplant's production of dangerous  carbon. It made meaningful progress. The rule promulgated by President  Trump's administration would repeal that and substitute it with a plan  that would be a powerplant judgment in each powerplant--coal-burning  only--and would not take into consideration the powerplant mix of  individual States.   The previous rule allowed the States to figure out how to reach those  goals. So a State could do a mix. They could start using natural gas.  They could start using renewable energy. They could meet their goals  that are set with a reduction of about one-third of these dangerous  carbon emissions but with local discretion on how to reach those goals.   The rule that was promulgated that I am seeking to reverse allows  only efficiency per coal powerplants, does not allow the mixing of the  different technologies, and prohibits the States from pursuing market- based plans.   I am going to tell you, in my region of the country, we have what is  known as REGI, which is a compact to reduce carbon emissions. We do it  by energizing market forces so that we can get to friendlier sources of  energy, which, by the way, has helped our region not only reduce carbon  emissions but create green energy jobs, which is in our interest.   Let me point out from the beginning that the powerplants are the  largest stationary source of harmful carbon emissions. Why should  everybody be concerned about it? We know its impact on climate change.  We have seen the harmful impacts of climate change in America, from the  wildfires out West to the flooding here in the East. We have seen the  problems not only in our own community but throughout the world. In my  own State of Maryland, we have had two 100-year floods within 20 months  in Ellicott City, MD. The list goes on and on about the impact of  climate change. We see the coastal line changing in our lifetime. We  are seeing regular flooding. We are seeing habitable land become  inhabitable. All of that is affected by our carbon emissions, and the  Obama-era Clean Power Plan did something about it. The rule that we  will have a chance to vote on tomorrow would do nothing about it.   We see this as a public health risk. I can't tell you how frequently  I have heard from my constituents who have someone in their family who  has a respiratory illness: What can we do for cleaner air? Children are  staying home from school because of bad air days. Parents are missing  time from work. Premature deaths. All that is impacted by clean air.   I talk frequently about the Chesapeake Bay. I am honored to represent  the Chesapeake Bay region in the U.S. Senate, along with Senator Van  Hollen, and we treasure the work that has been done. It has been an  international model of all the stakeholders coming together in order to  clean up the Chesapeake Bay, and we are making tremendous progress on  dealing with the sorts of pollution coming from runoff or from farming  activities or development. But, quite frankly, we have not been  successful in dealing with airborne pollutants that are going into the  Chesapeake Bay.   In Maryland, we are a downwind State. We need a national effort here.  Maryland could be doing everything right, but if the surrounding States  are not, we suffer the consequences. That is why the Clean Power Plan  was so attractive in dealing with this issue, because it dealt with it  with national goals. Establish how to attain them by the local  governments. That is the way it should be.   Let me give the numbers. The Clean Power Plan that is repealed by the  rule under the Trump administration would have reduced dangerous carbon  emission by about one-third. We believe the rule that was promulgated  by the Trump administration could actually increase dangerous  emissions.   Let me use EPA's regulatory impact analysis. Looking at  CO2--carbon dioxide--the Agency says that the Trump rule  will reduce it by 0.7 percent. That is less than 1 percent. The Clean  Power Plan issued by President Obama--19 percent. SO2s under  Trump are 5.7 percent; under the Obama rule, 24 percent. NOX  emissions under the plan that was promulgated under the Trump  administration are 0.9 percent--less than 1 percent. Under the Clean  Power Plan, it is 22 percent.   We really are talking about whether we are serious about dealing with  dangerous carbon emissions or whether we are going to at best maintain  the status quo; at worst, make things even worse.   It saddens me that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are  embracing the ACE rule, since it threatens to reverse much of the  progress we have made in reducing air pollution--progress their  conservationist Republican predecessors helped to spur. The Clean Air  Act amendments, which established the sulfur dioxide--SO2-- cap-and-trade program, were adopted in 1990. This was never a partisan  issue; cap-and-trade was originally a Republican idea. George Herbert  Walker Bush was President. It passed the House of Representatives by a  401-to-21 vote. It passed this body, the U.S. Senate, by an 89-to-11  vote. It has been highly successful. During George W. Bush's  Presidency, the EPA determined that the SO2 cap-and-trade  program had a 40-1 benefit-to-cost ratio.   The Supreme Court held in Massachusetts v. EPA that the EPA has a  responsibility to regulate these carbon emissions. So that is exactly  what was done in 2015, which is now being jeopardized because of the  regulation that was issued under the Trump administration.   I had a chance to serve in the State legislature. This is an affront  to federalism. Innovation for green energy and jobs is prohibited under  the rule that I am seeking to repeal. It is prohibited. That is why 22  States and 7 local governments have filed suit against this regulation.  But we can act.   The Congressional Review Act allows us to take action in this body,  and that is why I filed that so we can take action. If we allow this  rule to go forward, it will delay the implementation of carbon emission  reductions--delay it. If we vote for the CRA, we will be back on track.  [[Page S5824]]    We have already seen the U.S. leadership challenged in this area with  President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris accord--the only  nation in the world that has done so. Who has filled that void? Quite  frankly, it has been China.   Do we want to cede our leadership globally to a country with a  controlled government economy like China or do we want to reassert U.S.  leadership? We are going to have a chance to do that tomorrow with a  vote in the U.S. Senate. I urge my colleagues to support the  Congressional Review Act resolution I have filed, S.J. Res. 53.   With that, I yield the floor.   