 Madam President, I rise today to express my  dissatisfaction and disappointment over what is a life-and-death matter  for many Americans. My disappointment is about the actions recently  taken by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and the action  they took was reinstating the organ procurement organization LiveOnNY.   I am a Kansan. This is not an organization that is located in my  State, but this decision by CMS, when combined with recent policy  changes from the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network, misses the  mark, and it misses it widely. We should be improving the organ  procurement process and increasing the number of available organs for  transplant rather than expanding the distance organs travel and moving  additional organs from high donation areas to low donation areas.   CMS' recent decision to renew this contract, which was initially  meant to be canceled due to years of poor performance, is troublesome.  This organization was the only organization out of the 58 organ  procurement organizations to have a contract canceled for poor  performance, which was only done after numerous reprimands and  penalties that failed to lead to improvement.   Conversely, it was reassuring that CMS was finally going to take some  responsibility toward ensuring that donor organizations are adequately  performing their jobs and protecting patients. However, CMS quickly  reversed course and abdicated their duty to protect some of our  Nation's most vulnerable patients when they announced they would  reinstate this license.   Our Nation continues to face a shortage of organ donors. We need more  donor organs, but our agencies and organizations, which should be  demanding accountability and improvements, continue to turn a blind eye  to a culprit, and that is the consistent failure to live up to  expectations and to waste organs that could save lives.   This failure to address this issue increases wait times for patients  who need organs and causes unnecessary stress and anxiousness for those  who are on that waiting list for a potential organ at a time when they  grow sicker and sicker.   Health and Human Services, CMS, or the Center for Medicaid and  Medicare Services, HRSA, OPTN, and UNOS are all abbreviations for  organizations that share the blame for the predicament our country  finds itself in.   This is perhaps the most important part of what I want to reiterate  or state again on the Senate floor: These organizations have decided  that instead of pushing organ procurement organizations to do their  job, they will simply draw more organs away from areas with quality  donor organizations and high donation rates--places in the Midwest,  places like Kansas, places like Missouri. So the solution to a  problem--the lack of organs to be transplanted--is not to get more  people to donate organs and to improve the organizations responsible  for those donations but, instead, to take organs from places that are  doing their job and transmit them across the country.   I have written to and am waiting on responses from the Secretary of  Health and Human Services, Mr. Azar. There are two letters, in fact,  that remain unanswered.   The first letter was sent by Senator Blunt and me expressing our  concern at OPTN's decision to ignore transplant experts and push  through a dangerous new policy related to liver allocations for  donation.   The second letter, signed by a quarter of the U.S. Senate, expresses  broad concern with OPTN's process and the reasoning behind a proposal  that appears to disadvantage areas that have actually done their jobs.   This new policy punishes those who are successful in procuring organs  for donation and rewards those who continue to fail and do not appear  to attempt to make improvements.   Let's recall that the new policy that we are complaining about was  rammed through by OPTN and UNOS, and it will simply shift donated  organs, like livers, to wider areas across the country while doing  nothing to improve the donor rates countrywide or to improve the  performance of OPOs. This is simply an avoidance of the problem, not a  solution to it.   CMS has failed to conduct proper oversight of organ procurement  organizations, leading to organ shortages that carry a real cost in  patient lives, who die while waiting on transplant lists.   This is a matter that affects many States, and it is time for us to  have answers from those who make these decisions and who make decisions  without input from those affected.   Again, I ask my Senate colleagues to pay attention to this issue-- liver transplants, something that will make a difference in the lives  of many Americans in your States and in mine.   I yield the floor.   