 Mr. President, like my colleagues and like people from  around the country, North Dakotans are very proud of our military  heritage. In fact, North Dakotans sign up at a rate four times the  national average. I think you will hear that theme throughout the  Midwest especially.   I am grateful to Senator Ernst for her leadership today as we stand  and do something we ought to do every day. It is something we ought to  do in church when we are sitting next to them in the pews and when we  are talking to our neighbors who are serving or their spouses or family  members. We are saying: Thank you. Forgive us for not saying it more  often. Frankly, part of why we don't say ``thank you'' more often is  because we go about our business in complete comfort, unaware of the  dangers around the world because you all do your jobs so very well.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.   Mr. President, North Dakota is home to two Air Force bases. I  recently finished a tour of the military bases in North Dakota, and I  want to speak briefly about the airmen at those two bases.   Grand Forks, ND, houses the 319th Air Base Wing, known as the  Warriors of the North. Just last Saturday, Air Force Secretary Heather  Wilson visited Grand Forks and redesignated this base as the 319th  Reconnaissance Wing. This is one of only three of its kind. I am  continually impressed with the mission of the Global Hawk. The Global  Hawk mission that is headquartered out of Grand Forks is remarkable. I  believe that Grand Forks is a place that is well-positioned for the  future of warfighting.   To the west of Grand Forks a couple hundred miles is the community of  Minot. Minot, ND, is home to the 5th Bomb Wing and the 91st Missile  Wing at the Minot Air Force Base. This is interesting because, of  course, the bomb wing operates the intercontinental ballistic missiles  and the B-52 bombers at the same base. That is two of the three legs of  the nuclear triad we hear so much about. You are not going to find a  stronger proponent of the nuclear triad than you will in me because it  is the only base of its kind.   As the base's motto goes, ``Only the best come North.'' Our greatest  defense is in detouring our adversaries, and certainly the nuclear  triad is important to that. Every day, the airmen in Minot wake up with  literally the weight of the world, in many cases, on their shoulders.  So for their service and their willingness to stand in the gap in the  defense of the world, I am immensely grateful and always impressed.   Of course, I would be remiss to not also mention the airspace station  in Cavalier. I think it is the Air Force's smallest base, but it is a  very important installation. As we debate in this Chamber the need for  a modernized space force, understanding the work this base does has  further compelled me to stand in support of a modern, capable military  unit able to defend the emerging domain that space has become. A  special thank-you to those 40 or so airmen in Cavalier who do an  incredible job far from home and in many cases far from a lot of other  people around them.   On a more personal note, I want to say ``thank you'' to the military  families and spouses of those stationed in North Dakota, as my  colleagues have done. As we know, in a family, everybody serves. In a  small community, everybody serves together. They come from all over the  country, and they bless our local communities and our State with their  work in North Dakota. They deserve a very special thanks for that  service.   Our military community is not, of course, defined solely by our Air  Force bases; it is also defined by our incredible Army and Air National  Guard in North Dakota. In Fargo, for example, I am going to highlight  this one unit--the 119th Wing of North Dakota's Air National Guard,  known as the Happy Hooligans. They are frequent recipients of the Air  Force's Outstanding Unit Award. In fact, earlier this year, they  received their 20th Outstanding Unit Award. This is an award that is  given to the units that distinguish themselves by exceptional service  and outstanding achievement. No group better exemplifies that than the  Happy Hooligans. In fact, no unit has received more Outstanding Unit  Awards either in the active Air Force or in the Guard than the Happy  Hooligans. Congratulations.   While we are talking about the Guard, I want to say a special thanks  not only to the families--because, as I said, they all serve--but in  the Guard, there are a lot of people who serve, including their  employers. I don't think we say ``thank you'' to the employers often  enough who accommodate--no, facilitate--no, encourage the incredible  military personnel who do a great job for us on the homefront, as well  as when called into action beyond our borders.   The mission of the National Guard is to provide ready units,  individuals, and equipment supporting our communities, our States, our  Nation.   If I might elaborate a little bit on homeland issues, just a few  short years ago, our State called on our National Guard to meet that  mission. We were abandoned by the Federal Government, and the North  Dakota National Guard was deployed to help keep the peace. It is  appropriate today, on this Peace Officers Memorial Day, that we  recognize this relationship. The National Guard was deployed to keep  the peace as out-of-State activists with no interest, really, in North  Dakota--they flooded our State to violently protest the legally  permitted Dakota Access Pipeline. Absent Federal help, our Governor  called on our National Guard as a last resort.   You would think that would have some serious ramifications. Well, the  reality is, because of the quality of our guardsmen, they did what the  previous administration would not--they stood up for the rule of law,  and they stood in the way of radical protesters even while their own  families were targets of the radical protests, the harassment of  radical protesters from everywhere other than North Dakota. They put  their lives at risk and did it without provocation, without escalation,  and with a calming presence. They didn't run from their orders. They  didn't balk at their commands. They answered the call to peacefully and  professionally defend our State from the chaos that descended upon us.   Again, ``thank you'' is inadequate. It is all we can do today. I  would just compel people to say ``thank you'' more often. As you see  that neighbor, as you see that person sitting next to you, make it a  point to say ``thank you'' out loud, in front of friends.   I yield the floor.   