 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution  authorizing the House to defend the Affordable Care Act in court  against baseless but potentially devastating litigation designed to  dismantle the law.   Because of the ACA, which passed without a single Republican vote,  millions of Americans now have access to health insurance, including  those with preexisting conditions. Yet ever since it became law, the  ACA has been the target of nonstop attacks by Republican politicians  intent on stripping Americans of the important protections guaranteed  by the law.   For the last 8 years, when the Republicans controlled the House, they  voted 62 times to repeal the ACA but never once came up with a proposal  to protect Americans with preexisting conditions.   Despite all the Republicans' efforts, the ACA still stands today,  continuing to guarantee access to affordable, quality health insurance.  But now, 21 Republican State attorneys general have launched a new  attack on the law, based on tortured logic and flimsy legal reasoning.   The Department of Justice has a duty to defend every duly enacted  law, absent exceptional circumstances. The Trump administration,  however, has broken this well-established norm and now refuses to  defend the law from this latest challenge, a decision that caused  several career Justice Department attorneys to resign in protest.   The Judiciary Committee will be investigating how the Trump  administration made this blatantly political decision to abdicate its  responsibility, and the committee will be holding those responsible  accountable for their actions.   While the administration turns its back on people with preexisting  conditions and people who would go bankrupt without the law's cost- sharing subsidies, with this resolution, the House of Representatives  has an opportunity to provide the defense that the ACA and the millions  of Americans who depend on it every day deserve.   Although legal scholars across the ideological spectrum find the  plaintiffs' arguments laughable, it has found a sympathetic judge in  Texas who recently ruled the entire law must be overturned.   This resolution would authorize the House to intervene in the case as  it works its way through the courts on appeal to ensure that the law's  vital protections are properly defended in court.   I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and to allow the  House to fend off this latest Republican assault against the health and  well-being of Americans.   