 I thank my distinguished colleague, the Senator from  Wyoming, chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee. The  Coastal Barrier Resources Act is an important free-market conservation  tool that does not regulate how people develop their land, but  transfers the full cost of developing in risky, environmentally  sensitive areas from taxpayers to the individual choosing to develop.  The Coastal Barrier Resources System also provides much-needed habitat  for our Nation's treasured wildlife, including federally threatened Red  Knot birds in Delaware.   Public Law 115-358 added approximately 18,000 acres along the  Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida coasts to the  Coastal Barrier Resources System, protecting these barrier islands,  beaches, wetlands, and aquatic habitat from federally funded  development.   During Senate consideration of S. 47, the Senate adopted an amendment  by the Senator from Florida, Mr. Rubio, which adds two additional  replacement maps for Cape San Blas, FL, as an amendment to Public Law  115-358.   During the enactment of Public Law 115-358, the Senator from Wyoming  and I sought to make clear that the law is not intended to prevent the  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using various digital tools,  digital data, and digital maps to help implement the Coastal Barrier  Resources Act.   I would ask if my distinguished colleague, the Senator from Alaska,  chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, could confirm  my understanding that the amendment made by Senator Rubio does not  change the use of digital maps by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service  for the ongoing implementation of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act.    I thank my colleague for her confirmation of my  understanding. The Rubio amendment also includes language which states  that section 7003 of S. 47 has no force or effect. I ask the Senator  from Alaska, is it her understanding that the provisions of the Rubio  amendment, as adopted by the Senate, do not change the provisions or  implementation of Public Law 115-358 other than to enact the U.S. Fish  and Wildlife Service's recommended changes to Cape San Blas maps?    I thank my colleague. Finally, I ask if the Senator from  West Virginia's understanding is the same as that of the Senator from  Alaska's with respect to the effect of the Rubio amendment.    I thank the Senators for their clarification. Thank you.   