 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of, and I am  proud to be an original cosponsor of, the bipartisan Special Envoy to  Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism Act, H.R. 221. I thank Representative  Chris Smith for introducing this bill and Chairman Engel and Ranking  Member McCaul for their leadership in bringing it to the floor today.    I am sad to say that we live in a time when anti-Semitism is again on  the rise across our globe. Last fall, the entire world was shocked by  the shooting in Pittsburgh of 11 Jews at prayer in the Tree of Life  synagogue, the deadliest attack on the Jewish community in our  country's history.   Here in the United States, according to the Anti-Defamation League,  anti-Semitic incidents increased 57 percent in the U.S. alone in 2017  compared to the previous year.   In the European Union, a survey found that European Jewish  communities fear attacks and rated anti-Semitism on the Internet and  social media as the biggest social and political problem. A Kantor  study on contemporary Jewry recently stated that Europe's largest  Jewish communities are experiencing normalization and mainstreaming of  anti-Semitism not seen since the Second World War.   The United States has an important leadership role to play in tamping  out hate both here and around the world. That is why I am concerned  that the State Department Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism remains unfilled, as it has since the start of the Trump  administration. Our bill would elevate this role to a position of  proper importance at the ambassadorial rank and sets requirements to  ensure the role is filled within 90 days.   We need to do all we can to support our allies and combat anti- Semitism wherever and whenever it manifests itself. Hate is truly a  cancer that eats away at our foundations. What may first begin as words  can fester and manifest into discrimination, violence, or worse.   I am proud this House passed our bill overwhelmingly in the last  Congress but disappointed that the Senate did not take action. I am  pleased that this is a priority at the start of this new Congress, and  I hope the Senate will follow our lead and take up this important  legislation. I hope the President will take note and pass this  legislation and fill this long-overdue vacancy.   