 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, the economic future of Buffalo and western New York is  tied strategically to southern Ontario, which is one-third of the  entire population of the country of Canada.   I am pleased that this agreement strengthens the U.S.-Canadian  economic and life quality relations. I am concerned, however, that the  U.S.-Mexican economic relationship is more challenging.   The United States has lost 6 million manufacturing jobs in the past  20 years, and 53,000 manufacturing businesses have closed. NAFTA's  promise of wage convergence, bringing Mexican wages to Canadian and  U.S. standards, has failed. The Mexican wage is $5.10 a day, less than  $0.64 an hour.   We have good reason to be skeptical of Mexico's commitment to do  better. The USMCA, however, because of Chairman Richard Neal's  leadership and emphasis on rigorous enforcement, does have the  potential for improved Mexican compliance on wages, the environment,  and labor standards.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, there are many issues with the Republican tax scheme,  but the $10,000 State and local tax deduction cap is one of the most  egregious. The SALT deduction has been a fixture of the United States  tax code since the introduction of the Federal income tax in 1913 to  acknowledge that State and local taxes are paid for services that the  Federal Government does not provide.   When State and local governments lost part of that deduction, they  were taxed twice, so this is an issue, which has been said many times  in the committee, of tax fairness.   While this legislation was a team effort under the direction of    Mike Thompson, head of the working group, the persistence of Members  Bill Pascrell and  Tom Suozzi, who made their persistence with clarity  and insistence on fairness for their constituents, inspired all of us  to fight to defend that same fairness for ours.   This is a good bill. I urge its support.   