 Madam President, I ask to speak as in morning business  for 1 minute.    According to the Pentagon's estimation, a young woman  in the military has a one-in-eight chance of being sexually assaulted.  Unfortunately, many cases are never prosecuted.   This is completely unacceptable. We must do more to prevent assaults  and ensure that survivors get justice. The men and women who have  volunteered to place their lives on the line deserve better.   The Military Justice Improvement Act would help ensure impartial  justice and send the message that sexual assault in the military will  not be tolerated.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The short answer to your question is yes, but I would  like to give a longer answer, if I could, and give you my perspective  of TANF.   TANF is an acronym for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families  Program, which was created almost 23 years ago to provide help to low- income families with children in order to promote work and to  strengthen families.   The creation of TANF sent a very clear message: People receiving help  from the taxpayers should be expected to work, to prepare for work, or  to take steps to become more self-reliant in exchange for having the  taxpayers help you through difficult times in your life. TANF also sent  another message, this one to our 50 States: In exchange for this  funding, States must help people find work, prepare for jobs, or do  other things that will help families get back on their feet.   Besides Senator Daines' mentioning Montana, I presume that of the 49  States, many are not meeting the requirements of TANF. Obviously, it  does not make much sense for us to have standards if we don't enforce  those standards.   There have been many proposals in recent years to improve the  program, but, unfortunately, none have become law. That is why I am  grateful to be here with Senator Daines, who effectively represents  Montana. I know Senator Daines has been working on fixing problems with  TANF and getting more people from welfare to work.   Other than these statements he is making here, this year, as evidence  of his work, Senator Daines introduced a bill with Ranking Member  Brady, of Texas, of the House Ways and Means Committee, that seeks to  help more people find jobs and escape poverty.   Senator Daines and I have agreed to work together, along with our  other colleagues on the Finance Committee, to find ways to get  something done on TANF as it has been too many years since any changes  have been made to the program. I am grateful for his commitment to work  with me to update this program, and I do look forward to working with  the Senator and the other members of the Finance Committee to see what  we can agree to, for reforms are needed more now than ever.   To my colleagues and people in the Senate who feel this way or to  people outside the Senate who feel this way with regard to any talk of  reforming TANF as being needlessly harmful to the people whom Senator  Daines and I want to help, I say what is really harmful to people is,  if there are incentives to stay on government programs, because being  on government programs guarantees a life of living in poverty.   What our goal should be for everything is to help people get out of  poverty, and the way to get out of poverty is to be in the world of  work if you have the capacity to work. Maybe some people who have  certain physical conditions aren't able to work, and we have to help  those people. Yet, for people who have the capability of improving  themselves, they ought to be incentivized to improve themselves. Not  only that, but it would work well for the needs of our labor market's  requirements right now, and the Senator gave the statistics that there  are more job openings than there are people for those jobs.   In the final analysis, if we want to get people in the workplace, we  ought to have programs that incentivize people to go to work, and our  reforming of TANF takes care of some of that. We also have to get rid  of this cliff we have; that being, when people make $1 more than what  they get from the government programs, they lose everything. I can give  you an example.   When I went to a factory in Northwest Iowa, I asked: Have you ever  thought about encouraging people who are on welfare to come to work?   He said: We have one. He works until he makes about $800. He quits  for the rest of the month and then comes back at the beginning of the  month because he knows he is going to lose all of those benefits.   It seems to me we ought to do away with that cliff and that we ought  to encourage people to get jobs. If they make more money, they  shouldn't lose everything all at once. Then, as they work their way up  the ladder and improve themselves, maybe they will be off of the  programs entirely.   In being a humanitarian, that is the way I see it. You are not a  humanitarian if you give a person a life in poverty, which is what life  is if you are just on government programs. In most cases, you have to  be in poverty to qualify for the programs. Yet a few working people  qualify for some. In helping to be humane to people, we provide a  process for them to be in the world of work and improve themselves. So  I look forward to working with the Senator.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   