 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded    Madam President, in February of this year, the House of  Representatives passed what is known as the universal background check  in regard to gun sales. Since that time, the Senate has had no action  whatsoever on gun safety issues. Leader McConnell could bring this bill  to the floor, and I am confident we have the support to pass it.   I do hear from many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  that we are waiting for the President, and unless the President signs  off on a bill, they are not interested in bringing it up. The last time  I checked the Constitution of the United States, the first article of  the Constitution provides for the legislative branch of government, and  that is us. We make the laws, not the President of the United States.  It is up to us to deliver and consider legislation and pass  legislation. Yet there is no action from the floor of the Senate.  Leader McConnell will not bring up gun safety legislation.   Every day we wait--every single day--100 people in America die from  gun violence. That is why many of us are frequently speaking on the  floor of the Senate about the need to consider gun safety legislation.   It has been over 200 days since the House took bipartisan action on  the universal background checks. Since that time, we have seen many  mass shootings, including on August 3 in El Paso, August 4 in Dayton,  and August 31 in Odessa. There is no action on the floor of the Senate.  Every day, there are people dying in our communities and in our homes  from gun violence. Yet there is no action on the floor of the Senate.   The United States is an outlier among the developed nations in the  world. We have 10 times, 20 times, 30 times more instances of gun  violence than in developed countries in the world. We have more guns in  private ownership than the people of developed worlds, more suicides,  more mass shootings, more gun violence. Yet there is no action on the  floor of the Senate.   The issue is kind of simple. Inaction is not an answer to gun  violence in America. Americans are expecting us--the Members of the  Senate--to consider gun safety legislation. We want the majority leader  to bring that bill to the floor today before another 100 people die.  Let us take action.   I mentioned several times the bill that passed the House of  Representatives over 200 days ago, the universal background checks. Let  me just talk a moment about why that bill needs to be considered and  passed as soon as possible. In 1993, we passed the Brady Handgun  Violence Prevention Act. It provides for a presale check as to whether  an individual is entitled to own a handgun. As I am sure my colleagues  are aware, the Supreme Court of the United States has determined that  the Second Amendment is not absolute. If you have been convicted of a  violent crime, if you have mental issues, you are not entitled to have  a handgun. The Brady presale check determines whether you fall into  those categories, and they will deny you the right to buy a handgun if  you do.    Since its inception in 1993, 3 million sales have been stopped. It  works. It is compliant with the Supreme Court, and it doesn't interfere  with legitimate Second Amendment rights. It was passed in 1993. It is  now 2019. Sellers of handguns have figured out a way to get around the  1993 law with private sales, gun shows, and internet sales. We didn't  have internet gun sales in 1993. We need to close those loopholes.   Here is the situation. Some States have done this. In the States that  have done it, we see that the results are favorable. There is less gun  violence in those States that have passed universal background checks.  However, let me just tell you about the State of Maryland. Of the guns  that are recovered from crime scenes in Maryland, 53 percent are guns  that were acquired in a State outside of Maryland. We need universal  background checks in order to provide the types of results that can  keep our communities safer by keeping guns out of the hands of people  who are not entitled to have guns.   How do the American people feel about this? There are 90-plus percent  who believe that we should have universal background checks. Yet there  has been no action on the floor of the U.S. Senate. The Republican  leader will not bring the bill to the floor. This is a bill that should  have been passed a long time ago. Every day that we delay, there are  another 100 deaths from gun violence.   We shouldn't stop there. We should deal with assault-style military  weapons. When someone has one of these assault weapons, within a matter  of seconds, he can shoot off multiple rounds and kill multiple numbers  of people. Even if you have those who come to the rescue--if law  enforcement is on the scene or people are able to deal with the  circumstances--in a matter of seconds, you can already have multiple  casualties. We need to get rid of these military-style weapons in  private ownership.   When you talk to law enforcement officers and ask them what they fear  the most when they go into a situation in which someone is armed, it is  the assault weapons they fear. It is not fair to our law enforcement  officers, who put their lives on the line for us and who rush into  harm's way, to allow for these types of weapons to be available to the  general public.   We can do something about it. Let us take up legislation that  restricts the private ownership of assault-style weapons. There has  been no action, though, on the floor of the Senate. The Republican  leader will not bring up any issues on gun safety.   I could add legislation with regard to the large-capacity magazines.  We see that. They are used in mass shootings because you can shoot off  multiple rounds without reloading. Again, as we have seen in mass  shooting circumstances, it has added to the number of deaths. It is not  inconveniencing the public to restrict that type of capacity from being  out there, which is known to cause harm by those who want to create a  situation of mass casualties. Again, there has been no action on the  floor of the Senate by the Republican leader.   We have bipartisan legislation that would identify those individuals  who pose extreme risks so that there is a red flag placed on those  individuals that prevents them from being able to purchase handguns-- bipartisan legislation. Our States are acting, but there has been no  action on the floor of the U.S. Senate. The Republican leader will not  even bring that up.   We could go over a whole host of other issues, such as mental health  and earlier identification--those types of services. There are a lot of  things we can do. I would hope that the one option that would be off  the table would be that of doing nothing, but that seems to be the  Republican leader's preferred option--to let this issue rest without  there being any action taken by the Senate. It has been over 200 days  since the House of Representatives acted, but there has been no action  here on the floor of the Senate.   I urge all of my colleagues to impress upon the Republican leader  that it is well past time for us to consider gun safety legislation.  Let us bring these bills to the floor. Let us not wait for the  President of the United States. We are the legislative branch of  government. Let us act and do the right thing to keep our communities  and our homes safer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   