 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her  extraordinary leadership on this issue for years, for the effort that  she led on getting this passed in Congress several years ago, and her  entire staff, the staff on both sides of the aisle when this bill was  initially passed.   I also want to thank Congresswoman Stevens for her incredible  enthusiasm and dedication to workers across Michigan, across her  district, but for never losing sight of what manufacturing means for  this country, what this country was built on, and the men and women who  make it all possible.   Mr. Speaker, a few years ago, when I introduced the Revitalize  American Manufacturing and Innovation Act, it was guided by one thing:  the people in my district. They were workers from Fall River to  Taunton, to Milford, to Newton, who built more than just products on  factory floors. They built entire companies; they built communities;  and they built families.   Those same workers have made this legislation, this national  manufacturing network, successful over the past 5 years because they  have brought their ideas, their determination, and their passion and  pushed our manufacturing industry forward. They have refused to leave  anyone behind.   Centers like the Advanced Functional Fabrics of America, based at  MIT, the research now is focused on defense and health but has  consequences in a broad variety of additional innovations, has over 100  members from various States across this country pioneering new  technologies that will make their way into American homes and make our  soldiers and troops safer along the way.   By collaborating with local academia, especially with community  colleges and vocational-technical schools, those workers are passing  their skills, their expertise and experiences to a new generation of  men and women who will follow in their footsteps.   As the roots of these institutes continue to expand deep into  communities, from Cambridge to Youngstown to Detroit and San Jose,  American workers will build new companies, stronger communities, and  secure families from the abundant resources that we produce together.   Above all else, the workers who lift our economy to great heights on  factory floors deserve an economy that works just as hard for them as  they do for our Nation. I urge all my colleagues to support this  reauthorization.   I congratulate Ms. Stevens for work well done, and I thank the  chairwoman again.   