 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   First of all, I thank Ms. Lofgren for her leadership and her courage  and hard work in bringing this important bill to the floor.   My amendment to H.R. 4617, the SHIELD Act, would generally prohibit  the use of so-called deepfakes within 60 days of a Federal election.   These digital photo, audio, and video forgeries are generated using  artificial intelligence. They appear realistic and are intended to  manipulate or deceive their audience.   This amendment also establishes criminal and civil penalties for the  malicious use of deepfakes in Federal elections while providing  necessary exemptions for broadcasting or publication of deepfake  content by news media organizations in satire or parity and other  appropriate cases.   As chairman of the National Security Subcommittee of the Oversight  and Reform Committee, I can attest to the escalating warnings that we  have received from U.S. intelligence community officials and national  security experts regarding the use of these deepfake technologies as an  emerging tool of foreign election interference.   During our recent hearing to examine election security, government  and private-sector panelists testified about the capacity of deepfake  technologies to ``weaponize'' false information on a massive scale.  That is because it is already widely accessible, easy to use, low cost,  and rapidly evolving.   In reference to the security of the 2020 U.S. Presidential election,  FBI Director Christopher Wray has stated that deepfake content is a  ``topic of great concern,'' as Federal intelligence agencies combat the  threat of election meddling by foreign adversaries that are intent on  developing new ways to perpetuate malign influence operations.   According to the nonpartisan Council on Foreign Relations, deepfakes  present ``disinformation on steroids'' and could easily be deployed to  influence an election, spark violence, exacerbate societal divisions,  and undermine other democratic institutions.   The Congressional Research Service similarly warns that hostile state  actors could release digitally altered videos of government officials  or candidates making incendiary comments or engaged in inappropriate  behavior to erode public trust, degrade our public discourse, defame  particular candidates, and sway elections.   The proliferation of deepfake technologies presents a serious threat  to the integrity of U.S. elections, considering that our Nation's 17  intelligence agencies already determined that our most fundamental  democratic process has come under attack by foreign adversaries. With  high confidence, the U.S. intelligence community found that Russian  President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign aimed at the  2016 election that included clandestine intelligence operations and  blatant meddling by state-owned agencies, state-funded media outlets,  third-party intermediaries, and paid social media trolls. The final  report issued by Special Counsel Robert Mueller augmented this  assessment.   According to the ``2019 Worldwide Threat Assessment of the U.S.  Intelligence Community,'' our adversaries will continue refining their  interference capabilities and add new tactics to dramatically alter the  threat landscape for 2020 and future elections.   In the interest of enhancing election security, campaign law must  adapt to these evolving technologies. A prohibition on the use of  deepfakes in Federal elections is a great first step in the right  direction.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I do appreciate the gentleman from Illinois'  thoughtful support for this amendment.   I thank Chair Lofgren for her leadership again in bringing the SHIELD  Act to the floor and working with me on this amendment.   I again urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   