 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland, the  Terrapin from Maryland, for yielding.   I want to say, first, we are going to miss Karen Haas. Karen Haas  served this body so well, as the majority leader talked about, and in  such a fair way, treating all Members with the dignity and respect that  they all deserve as we all carry out the work of the people's House.   When you think about the different roles that she has played, serving  this Chamber, this body, for decades in a number of different roles,  but, of course, most notably to all of us, twice as Clerk of the House.  She was actually here once before, left, realized just how much fun it  is to be in this House and work for this great body, and came back.   We thank you for coming back again and for your great service during  these times.   So much work goes into the operations of the House. The things that  we do on a daily basis, whether it is a Member filing a bill, when you  go down to drop your bill in the hopper, it is Karen and the entire  team that she has put together at the Office of the Clerk that receives  the bills, that processes the bills.   When we all vote for and sometimes against the Journal, it is the  Clerk that puts together the Journal of the House to make sure that the  things that we do are properly recorded throughout time for people to  go review.   It is an important job. But it is the work that she has done that we  all see on a daily basis that we are going to miss.   As Cheryl Johnson takes her place, best of luck to you as well. We  wish you all the best, but we are going to miss Karen.  [[Page H2066]]    We wish you the best in your next endeavor. You can come visit us  from time to time.   Karen, thank you so much for the work that you have done on behalf of  not just us as Members of Congress, but on behalf of all the American  people who count on this institution to function properly, for helping  us make sure that it is done in a proper, efficient, fair, and  impartial way. Best of luck to you, Karen.   