 Madam President, the Democrats on this side believe that  climate change is a real and urgent problem. The Republican leader  seems to believe it is not a problem at all.   The majority leader has scheduled votes today on a version of the  Green New Deal. I was proud to be a cosponsor of that.   I want to make sure that nobody believes what is happening today on  this floor is part of a serious debate. The fact is, it is a sham  debate about the growing and urgent problem of climate change.   The Green New Deal is all about offering a mission statement--a  statement of direction on the urgency of climate change. It is about  recognizing the staggering threat and encouraging everybody to come  forward to bring up good ways to tackle it. As the ranking Democrat on  the Finance Committee, I will outline just one of them this afternoon.  It is not a bill; it is a resolution. That is why it is a head- scratcher to hear all these far-fetched attacks on the Green New Deal  in the media and here on this floor.   Let's be clear about what this resolution, the Green New Deal, says.  Nobody is out there banning cheeseburgers. If you want to eat an ice  cream sandwich and wash it down with a milkshake, nobody is going to be  taking that milkshake out of your hands, either. I don't know what this  anti-food legislation is that I keep hearing opponents talk about, but  it certainly isn't the Green New Deal. I will tell you that my son,  William Peter Wyden, age 11, is specifically going to make sure that  his papa doesn't sign on to something like that. There is no building  trains to Hawaii. Nobody is banning airplanes, and nobody is trying to  take people's cars. The Green New Deal is about bringing good ideas to  bear in the fight against climate change. That is what the American  people are demanding action on.   I will tell you that this issue comes up at every townhall meeting I  hold. Just over the last week, I was in rural counties where Donald  Trump won by an enormous percentage, and people understood what climate  change was all about because of the wildfires we had.   These are not your grandfather's wildfires; these are infernos. We  have had them leap the Columbia River. They are more powerful. They are  more dangerous. Fire season isn't for just a couple of months in the  summer; it is almost year-round. In my home State, we have had to get  used to what amounts to the idea of clean air refugees when fires burn  near populated areas. This is where folks--particularly folks who are  of modest income--have literally nowhere to go and can't go outside.  Anybody who hasn't been to the Columbia River Gorge should know that  when a fire leaps the Columbia River, you are talking about something  very different. Rivers have historically blocked the spread of  wildfires but not anymore. Last year, dozens of people were killed and  more than 10,000 structures destroyed by the Camp Fire, the most  destructive fire in California history. These infernos are happening  across the West--Washington, Nevada, Colorado, Montana, and elsewhere.   Climate change isn't just about fires; it drives extreme temperatures  in both directions. Extreme cold is a danger to millions of people  during the winter. Warmer temperatures in spring and summer bring more  rain and more floods to so much of the country. Elsewhere, especially  in the West, the threat of drought looms continuously. The hurricanes  battering the east coast and the Gulf of Mexico are intensifying. It  seems as if every week, another group of prominent scientists warns  about mass-extinction events, ecological failures, and runaway  temperature increases.   There are great economic impacts as a result of all this. When  Americans face a future of extreme temperatures, bigger storms, and  hotter fires, it will mean that it will cost more money to rebuild the  city that has been flooded by a hurricane or burned in an inferno. We  are going to see increases in insurance premiums when weather-related  damage becomes more common. If you really want to know how serious this  problem is, look at these private insurance premiums. The market is  telling us how serious this problem is. It requires more energy to heat  and cool homes and workplaces in extreme temperatures.    I want to make one last point because I think there is a little bit  of confusion about the direction the Senate ought to go.   I had mentioned that the Green New Deal is really a mission  statement, a resolution, a sense of urgency that we ought to be all  about. I want to contrast that with the original new deal, which was  actual legislation, something like 15 bills--certainly, more than a  dozen major ones. My sense is that this is what Congress is going to  have to do in the years ahead with respect to climate. Let me give an  example.   We have talked about the mission of the resolution, where we would  like to go. Here is an example of what we ought to work together on  with respect to legislation. As the senior Democrat on the Senate  Finance Committee, I pointed out that there were more than 40 separate  tax breaks for energy on the Federal tax books--40 separate tax breaks  for energy. In fact, the Tax Code, as it relates to energy, is  essentially anchored in dirty energy tax relics of yesteryear.   Given the fact that taxpayers now write out big annual checks to the  dirtiest energy companies, what I have  [[Page S1967]]  proposed is that we replace that. You can't stand up to climate change  as long as you are ladling out all of those tax subsidies to dirty  energy. What I have proposed is to take those 40-plus energy tax breaks  and just basically throw them in the trash can--in effect, throw them  into the trash can that is right next to our desks. For those 40 energy  tax breaks that are disproportionately for dirty energy, we would then  substitute three new ones--one for clean energy, one for clean  transportation fuel, and one for energy efficiency.   I would like to think that the Democrats and Republicans who are  playing off this idea are going to be able to say: Hey, we can find  common ground on this because for companies all across the country,  when they buy new pieces of equipment for their companies, they will  invariably make sure they will be cleaner and more energy efficient  than what will have been on their factory floors. So they would qualify  for two out of the three new energy incentives I am talking about. That  is something we could have a real debate about. That is not a sham  debate. That is a real debate.   Yesterday, Senator Alexander, our Republican colleague from the  Presiding Officer's State, said he believed climate change was real. He  said he believed it was caused by man, and he called for a new  Manhattan Project for Clean Energy. I heard it. It sounded like he had  plenty of ideas that could make for a real debate between Democrats and  Republicans. Senator Alexander sits right over there, not far from our  colleague from Iowa, Senator Ernst. He was talking about real ideas  after acknowledging that climate change was a problem and that man  contributed to it.   I hope some of my colleagues on the other side will follow Senator  Alexander's lead. This is a debate the Senate ought to have. It ought  to have a debate about what Senator Alexander was talking about. We  ought to have a debate about throwing the 40 separate tax breaks for  energy into the garbage and substituting for them three new ones that  reflect our most current challenges. That is the way the Senate is  supposed to function: You recognize a problem; you come forward with  ideas in a serious debate; and you try to build common ground.   I see my colleague from Iowa is here. I am interested in working with  her, and we have worked together on other issues. I am interested in  working with all of my colleagues as I have with respect to this  question of making the Tax Code neutral regarding energy sources. We  are not doing that today. What we are doing is playing a political  game.   I say to my colleagues that nobody ought to take part in this  political game. You don't play political games when the consequences  for the American people are so serious. Instead, you have a serious  debate about what to do about the serious problem. That is not what is  going on today.   I close by saying that years into the future, our children and our  grandchildren are going to deal with the consequences of inaction, and  they are going to look at something like this so-called debate--because  I call it a sham debate--and they are going to be angry. The American  people deserve a lot better than this kind of fake debate that is being  held on the Senate floor right now.   I want to make it clear: As the senior Democrat on the Senate Finance  Committee, I am very interested in working with my colleagues on real  and bipartisan approaches to deal with this staggering challenge. That  is not what we are having today, and our country is going to regret it.   I yield the floor.   