 Madam Chair, I rise in support of the en bloc  amendment as well.   I want to thank the Agriculture Subcommittee chairman, Mr. Bishop,  for working with our side to include many amendments that are important  to our Members. The chairman has been a great partner and has been very  fair throughout this process.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, as it reflects the  will of many Members and also makes appropriate changes to the bill.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Steil), a member of the Financial Services Committee.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Riggleman).    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Madam Chair, I thank Ranking  Member Fortenberry and Chairman Bishop for including in this en bloc  group amendment my bipartisan amendment No. 103 to provide funding for  the Reimbursement Transportation Cost Payment Program for  Geographically Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers.   This program in USDA will reimburse farmers and ranchers in Puerto  Rico, as well as in other U.S. foreign territories, Hawaii and Alaska,  a portion of the costs that they may incur when transporting their  agricultural products or equipment.   Our farmers and ranchers outside the continental U.S. operate at a  competitive disadvantage relative to producers in the 48 contiguous  States, partly due to geographic barriers and high transportation  costs.   This program will help us address this reality by providing payments  to help ranchers and farmers in the noncontiguous States or territories  offset some of these costs.   This program has been funded at $1.9 million over the last couple of  fiscal years, and my amendment will seek to provide the same amount of  funding for fiscal year 2020, with a corresponding offset.   Madam Chair, I want to thank Representatives Gabbard of Hawaii,  Plaskett of the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Radewagen of American Samoa  for cosponsoring my amendment, and I urge my colleagues to endorse it.    Madam Chair, there are no further speakers, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment  primarily to engage in a discussion with the gentleman from Arizona.    Madam Chair, first let me say, I do understand the  concerns of the gentleman from Arizona.   Here is the issue: The Food and Drug Administration is charged with  the responsibility of ensuring that persons seeking to be healed have  both the right to try innovative products as well as the right to be  protected from harm or any false claims.   So let me say to my friend, Mr. Biggs, we would like to offer this:  Chairman Bishop and I would seek the opportunity to have the FDA, the  Food and Drug Administration, meet with us to dialogue on the very  important issues that you are raising and to relay your concerns. I  will commit to you that your objections will be conveyed to their  leadership before they move forward on this guidance.   So, in light of that consideration, I kindly, respectfully request  that the gentleman consider withdrawing the amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Bishop for yielding  the time and for his eloquent remarks.   I just want to rise, even though we are under the guise of  opposition, to actually thank the gentleman for offering this  amendment. We have had substantive, thoughtful, lengthy discussions  about broadband and its importance to rural revitalization, as the  gentleman well put, and it is more than just wires laid. It is about  creating an ecosystem of livability.   In his words, the gentleman touched on those very points. I think the  gentleman would be proud to see the underlying work here in that  regard, but he has made it better.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the  gentlewoman's amendment.    Madam Chair, trying to control what words USDA  officials use to describe changing weather conditions should not really  be our focus.   For one, this amendment is a solution in search of a problem. USDA  has plenty of materials on their website or elsewhere with the term  ``climate change'' embedded in them. If the USDA were going to  completely wipe away this terminology for political purposes, which was  implied, they would have done so over the past 2\1/2\ years.   Secondly, the amendment attempts to politicize an issue that does not  need further politicization. For example, Chairman Bishop and I were  able to have a civil discussion on changing climate in a subcommittee  hearing this year without dragging controversy into it. In addition to  outside witnesses, USDA actually sent up a subject matter expert on the  very topic. We had a hearing where we talked about how to deal with  changing weather and how our farmers and ranchers could adjust to such  changes.   Instead of spending time on this type of messaging, let's spend our  time on actually helping our farmers and ranchers and building a more  secure and sustainable energy future that benefits all of America.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   