 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of  H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2019.   During the Vietnam War, the United States Military sprayed  approximately 20 million gallons of Agent Orange, across the southern  half of Vietnam to destroy jungle foliage that concealed enemy  personnel and supply routes. The Agent Orange was carried into rivers  by soil and plant run-off. The hydraulic plumes from where the rivers  met the coast mixed hundreds of miles of coastal water with  contaminated river water. To make matters worse, rivers and harbors  were also sprayed, contaminating the ocean water even further.   Due to the constant churning of the seabed from U.S. Navy Vessels  moving up and down the coast, the Agent Orange would rise to the  surface where it would be picked up every time Navy ships converted the  salt water into potable water. A University of Queensland study on the  Australian distillation system, which is the identical system used in  U.S. ships, determined that the conversion process enriched the toxic  chemical ingredient Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-Dioxin (TCDD) in Agent Orange  to an even higher concentration in the filtered water. The contaminated  water was then used by a ship's crew for cooking, cleaning, showering,  laundry, and drinking, effectively giving our sailors a heavy exposure  to Agent Orange during their deployment.   Medical research concluded that exposure to the dioxin found in Agent  Orange causes numerous health issues including respiratory and blood  cancers, prostate cancer, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. According to a  report from the Institute of Medicine, individuals with exposure to  Agent Orange at an increased risk of developing serious heart problems  and Parkinson's disease.   Until 2002, presumptive coverage for accessing health care for these  side effects was provided to our Blue Water Navy Veterans. However, the  Department of Veterans Affairs, failed to recognize the territorial  seas as a part of the sovereign territory of Vietnam. The VA  unilaterally decided that it would only provide presumptive coverage to  those Veterans who served on land or on inland waterways.   Veterans that were exposed to these toxic chemicals, while serving  their country have been neglected for too long. Congress must act on  this pressing issue by passing this important piece of legislation that  is supported by 333 co-sponsors. H.R. 299 extends the presumption of  exposure for service connection for diseases associated with exposure  to Agent Orange to U.S. Navy Veterans who served offshore during  wartime missions and also lengthens eligibility for VA benefits to  certain children with spina bifida who were born to Veterans who served  in Thailand and were exposed to Agent Orange.   I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Those Veterans  who sacrificed their lives on behalf of America's freedom truly deserve  better.   