 Mr. Chair, I think the chairman for yielding. I appreciate  it.   Mr. Chair, this is something that we do need to get resolved, but I  cannot support H.J. Res. 37.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to this resolution, which I  could not support as it was pushed through the Foreign Affairs  Committee over strong objection from me and my 16 colleagues.   The Foreign Affairs Committee has a proud tradition of  bipartisanship, but that was thrown out the window with this bill.   Among my objections to this bill is the basic premise of the bill,  which is flawed. U.S. Forces are not engaged in hostilities between the  Saudi-led coalition and the Houthi forces in Yemen.   This bill distorts the definition of hostilities to cover non-U.S.  military operations by third countries. It then reinterprets U.S.  activities in support of those countries as U.S. engagement in those  hostilities.   I have been well documented throughout my time in Congress as  opposing the misuse of the War Powers Act. That is really what needs to  be addressed: the misapplication of the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs.   While I wholeheartedly believe that the U.S. Forces put into combat  roles must be approved by Congress, I cannot stand by as those firm  beliefs in the Constitution are twisted around to make a political  messaging point.   Keep in mind, my colleagues from the other side talk about the  humanitarian crisis in Yemen, yet they fail to mention the Houthi rebel  fighters overthrew the legitimate government of President Hadi, and  this overthrow was sponsored by Iran, which Iran is the largest sponsor  of state terrorism. That is really where the problem is in this. We are  there in a different capacity.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues not to vote for this partisan bill  because, if we break this agreement, we have got over 100 other  agreements that we would have to negotiate with our allies, and this  would be bad for America's foreign policy.   Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for sponsoring this.   