 I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak after  the chairman, Senator Inhofe, and after the ranking member, Senator  Reed.    Mr. President, tonight I am going to speak about Saudi  Arabia's brutal murder of U.S. resident and journalist Jamal Khashoggi.  This despicable act has been condemned by the Congress, by the American  people, and by governments and citizens around the world, but Donald  Trump and members of his administration will not talk about it. They  seem to think it is just fine to sweep this atrocity under the rug. I  am here to describe why the Congress must not let that happen and how I  intend to do everything in my power to make sure it does not happen.   The Senate is now debating the Defense Authorization Act, which this  year includes the Intelligence Authorization Act. I serve on the Senate  Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Intelligence bill that is  part of the defense legislation contains an amendment I offered with my  colleagues, Senator Heinrich, Senator Harris, Senator Feinstein, and  Senator Bennet. That amendment requires that the Director of National  Intelligence provide a public report identifying those who carried out,  participated in, ordered, or were otherwise responsible for the killing  of Mr. Khashoggi.   Last Wednesday, the United Nations released a detailed report on the  Khashoggi murder. The report described how even before Mr. Khashoggi  entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, Saudi officials had  meticulously planned his killing.   A team of more than a dozen Saudi agents were organized. Their travel  and accommodations were designed to mask the purpose of their trip to  Turkey. The consulate office where the killing took place was cleared  of staff. In the moments before Mr. Khashoggi's arrival at the  consulate, the Saudi agents were recorded discussing how to kill and  dismember him and dispose of his body.   They referred to Mr. Khashoggi as ``the sacrificial animal.'' The  report even describes the recorded sounds of the killing and the  dismemberment.   Who bears ultimate responsibility for this brutal, horrendous,  despicable crime? The U.N. report stated that every expert--every  expert--who was consulted found it inconceivable that an operation of  this scale could be implemented without the Crown Prince. They found  that, at the very least, being aware that some kind of criminal act was  to be conducted against Mr. Khashoggi was, in their view, clearly,  something the Crown Prince knew about.   The U.N. then concluded that there was ``credible evidence warranting  further investigation of high-level Saudi officials' individual  liability, including the Crown Prince.'' I have read that directly from  the U.N. report.   The Senate has also spoken on this in a resolution passed  unanimously. The Senate stated that it believes the Crown Prince is  responsible for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi.  [[Page S4471]]    Donald Trump and his administration refuse to discuss this publicly.  Last November, Donald Trump said the intelligence community was  continuing to assess information about the killing, but as for the  question of whether the Crown Prince had knowledge, the President said  only: ``Maybe he did and maybe he didn't.'' Then he said: ``We may  never know all the facts.''   So we have, in the Intelligence Committee, something at the beginning  of the year called an open threats hearing. It is a public hearing. At  that open threats hearing, I asked the CIA Director whether the  Senate's unanimous belief that the Crown Prince was responsible was  correct. She acknowledged that the Khashoggi murder was premeditated.  In terms of who was responsible, she referred us to what the Saudis had  said publicly, but Director Haspel said she would not disclose to the  public what the intelligence community thought with respect to who was  involved in the brutal murder of Mr. Khashoggi. That is why there is a  provision in the Intelligence Authorization Act that we are  considering as a part of this Defense bill, requiring a public report  on the Khashoggi killing. The provision is there so, finally, more than  8 months after the murder, there will finally be some real  accountability.    Now, those who may be following these remarks or this discussion may  ask: Why does this matter? Why is this important? It matters because  the Trump administration has bent over backward to please the dictator  running Saudi Arabia.   The U.N. report recommended an FBI investigation of the Khashoggi  murder. Donald Trump made it clear that he is not interested in that  either. It is part of a pattern. In one of the most dismal and  disappointing responses I have seen to any national security concern,  this administration refuses to look into whether Saudi officials helped  Saudi criminal suspects flee the United States to escape justice.   The administration continues to turn a blind eye to the Saudi  Government's grotesque human rights abuses. Donald Trump vetoed  bipartisan legislation that would have ended U.S. support for a  devastating and seemingly endless war in Yemen. The President recently  invoked what I consider to be a phony emergency to go around Congress  and sell arms to the Saudis. Example after example, whether it is  within our borders, in a consulate office in Istanbul, or elsewhere,  this administration's record is the same. They will help cover up the  Saudi Government's brutality.   Jamal Khashoggi, besides being a U.S. resident, was a journalist who  wrote for a U.S. newspaper. The absence of accountability for his  murder sends a horrendous message that as far as the Trump  administration is concerned, it is open season on journalists. Donald  Trump is making this clear when he cozies up to dictators cracking down  on journalists in Russia, Hungary, and the Philippines. That doesn't  even include his affection for the dictator of North Korea, where we  all know there is no press at all.   Donald Trump's contempt for a free press in the United States is as  apparent as it is dangerous. The White House and Pentagon have simply  stopped all press briefings. Donald Trump has threatened to use the  taxation and antitrust powers of the government to punish the media  when they dare to criticize him. At his rallies, he has whipped up  support against the media to the point where people are threatening  journalists in attendance. Almost every day, he dismisses any media  outlet that accurately describes what he disagrees with, with respect  to their comments, the corruption in his administration, as fake news.  Recently, he accused journalists at the New York Times of treason after  they dared to publish a story that displeased him.   The Trump administration created a secret list of journalists it  targeted for tracking and questioning--journalists who were reporting  on the administration's cruel treatment of migrants at the southern  border. Border agents have even detained journalists--American  citizens--and subjected them to prying and detailed questions about  their travel and their work.   Most ominously, over and over, he called journalists enemies of the  people. That is language that is designed to justify state repression  or vigilante violence against journalists. It is also language that  comes, unfortunately, directly from the worst dictators in history.  That is based on the record, based on the public statements I am  walking through tonight. That is what Donald Trump thinks of the press,  which is why the Saudis told him that Jamal Khashoggi was an enemy of  the state.   As far as I can tell, the President seems to believe that first  amendment freedom of the press basically should only apply to people  who say nice things about him.   I don't know of any such provision in the First Amendment about which  the Founding Fathers felt so strongly. They thought freedom of the  press was almost as important as anything else people could imagine.  The Founding Fathers didn't in any way suggest the First Amendment  applies to discussing only nice things about someone who is a public  official. Reporting facts to the public on corruption in the  administration and the President's tax cheating, on the administration  policy of locking up migrant children in cages without beds, soap, or  toothbrushes--Donald Trump evidently considers all of this to be a  treasonous act.   The brutal, premeditated murder of Jamal Khashoggi is, in my view,  the canary in the coal mine for press freedom around the world. These  are dangerous times for journalists. It is already a dangerous career  in many countries. If dictators see the killing of Jamal Khashoggi as a  signal that they, too, can get away with cold-blooded murder, then the  question is, How many more journalists and dissidents are going to die?   That is why, as a member of the Intelligence Committee, I am tonight  drawing the line right here. For me, the events of the last week have  only highlighted the urgency of this issue. In a nationally televised  interview aired just yesterday, Donald Trump was asked repeatedly about  the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. Each time he kept coming back to Saudi  money. He said: ``Take their money.'' And he repeated it: ``Take their  money.''   I disagree that U.S. arms sales to Saudi Arabia somehow mean that  they have all the leverage and that the United States is helpless, but  even more important, the message that impunity for a brutal murder can  be bought is both repulsive and dangerous.   Right now, Donald Trump is telling the Saudis and every other  dictator in the world that for the right price, you can murder a U.S.- based journalist you don't like. You can dismember his body, and you  can make it disappear. As far as Donald Trump is concerned, what we  have seen recently is that the lives of journalists are for sale.   In the same interview, Donald Trump was also asked about the U.N.'s  call for an investigation into the Khashoggi murder. He made it clear  that, again, he would resist any public accountability. He said the  murder had already been ``heavily investigated'' and that he had seen  ``so many different reports.'' Well, it is time for the American  people, the Congress, and everyone around the world fighting for press  freedom to see the reports.   Something else happened last week that I thought was also very  important for the Senate to reflect on. Jamal Khashoggi's fiancee wrote  an extremely important essay in the New York Times. She wrote:  ``Washington has chosen not to use its strong ties and leverage with  Riyadh to get the Saudis to reveal the truth about Jamal's murder and  to ensure those responsible are held accountable.''   Jamal Khashoggi's fiancee described her meetings with Members of  Congress who are sympathetic but were embarrassed that nothing had been  done, and this is what she concluded:   ``I began to feel that Jamal had not only died in Istanbul but also  in Washington.''   This must not be the last chapter. The U.S. Congress must demonstrate  that the fight for press freedom does not die in the Nation's Capital.   To describe how I intend to proceed here, you have to give a little  bit of a sense of how the Intelligence Committee works. The  Intelligence Committee accepts as boilerplate that we always keep  classified what are called  [[Page S4472]]  sources and methods. It is just automatic in the consideration of any  business before us and before the Congress. That is because we so  admire--I know the Presiding Officer feels this way--we so admire those  who work in the intelligence field and in the national security field,  and should sources and methods be exposed, we can have people who are  helping to keep us safe die. So we put it in every bill.   In order to get my amendment to make sure that we would actually have  the American people get the information that the intelligence community  has about how Mr. Khashoggi died, I accepted boilerplate language about  protecting sources and methods. But I want to be clear--because the  intelligence community has, in effect, bobbed and weaved around this  issue for some time--that if the intelligence community attempts to use  that boilerplate language to avoid real accountability and real  transparency, I am going to fight them tooth and nail, and that  includes using the procedure, which I will describe tonight, that is  available to members of the Senate committee to get information to the  American people.   I am going to be specific here just for a moment. I am going to  describe section 8 of S. Res. 400, which allows members of the  Intelligence Committee to initiate a process that ultimately would  permit the Senate to release information over the objection of the  President of the United States. I don't make this statement lightly. I  don't make threats lightly, and I hope it doesn't come to this.   I hope the intelligence community finally adheres to the intent of  the provision in this legislation and tells the American people and the  world what it knows about the death of Mr. Khashoggi. But if the  intelligence community stonewalls again--once again blocks the truth  from the American people--I am not going to rest. The stakes are too  high. Press freedom here and around the world must survive.  Intimidation and murder cannot be allowed to stand.   I state tonight that I will use S. Res. 400 and every tool at my  disposal to finally get this long overdue information about the death  of Jamal Khashoggi to the American people.   I yield the floor.   I note that my colleague from Oregon, who is doing important work, is  here and I am sure wishes to speak now.   