 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Woodall) for yielding.   I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in support of the underlying rule, but  also in opposition to the action that is being proposed by my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   But I will join them in one sentiment: I do believe there is an  emergency crisis at the border. I do believe that the President, given  the years and decades of delegation of authority from Congress to the  President's Office, has the authority to take the action that he is  taking in regards to this proposed issue at the border.   But where I agree with my colleagues on the other side is that the  Presidential authority is something that we need to take into  consideration and reform going forward.   It should not be because it is President Trump; it should not be  because it was President Obama; but each and every time the executive  branch uses its authority and reaches into areas that go beyond the  constitutional limits of that office, we should stand together as  Members of Congress to assert our authority.   That is why, Mr. Speaker, there is a bipartisan group of us working  over the last few weeks, and we intend to drop a resolution sometime  soon, that will amend the National Emergencies Act to make it clear  that, when there is a national emergency declared in this country, that  we speak as one nation, one body here in Congress with the President.   We have to affirmatively take a vote here in Congress, go on record,  and not hide any longer as Members of Congress. We should be held  accountable by putting our voting cards in that box to stand before the  American people.   When a national emergency is declared by the President, we have to  vote whether or not, guaranteed vote, to see if that is something we  agree with the President on. That is a fundamental reform that will  reestablish Article I of the Constitution.   And to my colleagues who are up today: Where were you when President  Obama overreached in his executive office?   So I ask you to remember those days and stand with us who are looking  to take on the root cause of this problem and reestablish the  congressional authority that rightfully is contained under the  Constitution.   