 Madam President, what is the pending business?    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for no more than 10 minutes.    Madam President, on Sunday, February 24, thousands of  people marched in Moscow and in cities across Russia to remember Boris  Nemtsov, a Russian statesman and friend of freedom who was gunned down  in sight of the Kremlin walls 4 years ago.   These people were honoring a Russian patriot who stood for a better  future--a man who, after leaving the pinnacle of government, chose a  courageous path of service to his country and his fellow Russians.  Boris Nemtsov was a man who walked the walk. When others were silent  out of fear or complicity, he stood up for a future in which the  Russian people need not risk jail or worse for simply wanting a say in  how their country is run.   Sadly, since Mr. Nemtsov's assassination, the risks of standing up  for what is right have grown in Russia. With every passing month,  ordinary citizens there become political prisoners for doing what we  take for granted here in the United States--associating with a  political cause or worshipping God according to the dictates of one's  conscience.   Last month alone, in a high-profile case, a mother was jailed for the  crime of being a political activist in Russia. She was kept from caring  for her critically ill daughter until just hours before her daughter  died. Jehovah's Witnesses have been sentenced to years behind bars for  practicing their faith. Also, a leader of a small anti-corruption  organization was beaten to death with metal rods on the outskirts of  Moscow. This was all just in February, and it is not even a  comprehensive account of the Russian state's using its powers not  against real enemies but against its own people--peaceful citizens  doing what peaceful citizens do.   As for the Nemtsov assassination, 4 years later, justice has yet to  be served. It appears that President Putin and his cronies have little  interest in uncovering and punishing the masterminds behind Russia's  highest profile killing in recent memory. While a few perpetrators who  had been linked to the Kremlin-appointed leader of Chechnya, Ramzan  Kadyrov, were convicted and sent to prison, Mr. Nemtsov's family,  friends, and legal team believe the organizers of his murder remain  unidentified and at large.   I understand that Russia's top investigative official has prevented  his subordinates from indicting a close Kadyrov associate, Major Ruslan  Geremeyev, as an organizer in the assassination, and the information  linking Geremeyev to Mr. Nemtsov's murder was credible enough for a  NATO ally to place Geremeyev on its sanctions list. Yet there has still  been no indictment. Russian security services continue to forbid the  release of footage from cameras at the site of the assassination.  Russian legal authorities refuse to classify the assassination of a  prominent opposition leader and former First Deputy Prime Minister as a  political crime. Despite all of this, they have declared the case  solved.   Given this pattern of deliberate inaction on the part of Russian  authorities, the need for some accountability outside of Russia has  grown more urgent. Russia and the United States are participating  states in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, or  the OSCE, and have agreed  [[Page S1615]]  that matters of justice and human rights are of enough importance to be  of legitimate interest to other member states. Respect for these  principles inside a country is often a predictor of the country's  external behavior. So countries such as ours have a reason to be  involved.   At the recent meeting of the OSCE's Parliamentary Assembly, we began  a formal inquiry into Mr. Nemtsov's unsolved murder and have appointed  a rapporteur to review and report on the circumstances of the Nemtsov  assassination as well as on the progress of the Russian investigation.  As the chair of the U.S. delegation to the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly,  I supported this process from its conception at an event I cohosted  last July in Berlin.   Yet, as the United States of America, there is more we can do. To  that end, I am glad to cosponsor a resolution with my Senate colleagues  that calls on our own government to report back to Congress on what we  know of the circumstances around Boris Nemtsov's murder. This  resolution also calls on the Treasury Department to use tools like the  Magnitsky Act to sanction individuals who have been linked to this  brutal murder, such as Ruslan Geremeyev.   We hear constantly from Russian opposition figures and civic  activists that personal sanctions, such as those imposed by the  Magnitsky Act, have a deterrent effect. Vladimir Putin has made it  abundantly clear that these sanctions, based on personal  accountability, are more of a threat to his regime than blunter tools,  such as sectoral sanctions, that often feed his propaganda and end up  harming the same people we are trying to help in Russia--innocent  citizens. To its credit, the Trump administration has done a better job  than had the previous administration in its implementing of the new  mandates and powers Congress authorized in both the Russia and Global  Magnitsky Acts. We are in a much different place than we were when  these tools were originally envisaged nearly 10 years ago.   The administration is mandated to update the Magnitsky Act's list  annually, with there being a deadline in December that sometimes slips  into January. Now it is already March, and we have yet to see any new  designations under the law that the late Mr. Nemtsov himself called the  most pro-Russian law ever adopted in a foreign legislature. While the  law has been lauded by Russian democrats, it is rightly despised by  those like Vladimir Putin who abuse and steal from the American people.   Recall that it was at the Helsinki summit late last summer between  the leaders of Russia and the United States of America--perhaps the  grandest stage in U.S.-Russian relations in a decade--where Mr. Putin  himself requested that his investigators be able to depose U.S.  officials most closely associated with passing and implementing the  Magnitsky law, as if they were criminals.   We need to show the Russian dictator that this sort of bullying will  not stand and that we will continue to implement the Magnitsky Act  thoroughly and fairly.   A year ago, I participated--along with many of my colleagues in the  House and Senate--in the unveiling of Boris Nemtsov Plaza in front of  the Russian Embassy here in Washington, DC--the first official memorial  to Boris Nemtsov anywhere in the world.   One day, I hope there will be memorials to Boris Nemtsov all across  Russia, but the best tribute to his memory will be a Russia he wanted  to see, a just and prosperous Russia, at peace with its neighbors and a  partner with the United States.   I yield the floor.   