 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.  [[Page H2217]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to support S.  47, the Natural Resources Management Act.   This legislation includes important provisions for public lands  across our Nation, but specifically for three national parks in the  State of Georgia. One of those includes my own piece of legislation, a  boundary expansion for the Fort Frederica National Monument in the  First Congressional District of Georgia.   Designed by General James Oglethorpe in 1733 on St. Simons Island,  Fort Frederica was built to defend the young colony against attack from  the Spanish in Florida. Nine years later, in 1742, General Oglethorpe's  design was put to the test. The Spanish invaded the Georgia colony as  part of the larger War of Jenkins' Ear headed directly for Fort  Frederica.   The Spaniards numbered around 5,000 troops, while General Oglethorpe  had fewer than 1,000 regular soldiers, Native Americans, and local  colonists garrisoned inside the tabby structure. The English detected  the Spanish invasion, waded into the marsh, and ambushed the enemy  troops in an engagement now called the Battle of Bloody Marsh.  Consequently, this battle turned back the Spanish and was the last of  their offensives into the colony of Georgia.   This story, battle, and fort is an important moment in Georgia  history, taught to elementary students throughout the State as a marker  of our resolve and a turning point that helped to create the State of  Georgia that we now know.   In passing years, specifically with updates in technology, we  increase our knowledge of history through new findings. That is exactly  the opportunity we have here with Fort Frederica and why we need this  legislation.   Studies now show that land just outside the national park boundary  was used as a campground and even a battery that protected the area  from warships. This bill adjusts the existing Fort Frederica National  Monument to include those locations inside the boundary, in an effort  to better preserve those locations and continue to learn more about  this area and the critical events that unfolded here in the First  Congressional District of Georgia to create our home State of Georgia.   This legislation has been in the works for the last 12 years,  beginning when the Saint Simons Land Trust temporarily purchased the  additional land in 2007.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the committee for their work on this. We need to  preserve this history for generations to come.   