 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding.   It is interesting to hear my good friend talk about 5G. When the  majority talks about government control of the internet, they should  turn their eyes to the White House and the President's plan to  nationalize 5G.   The only socialist plan to take over the internet is the one coming  from the Trump administration and their plan to nationalize 5G. I have  documents for the Record talking about numerous articles where the  Trump administration proposes to nationalize 5G, and the plan coming  from the administration to secure 5G.   The gentleman keeps saying that this bill is a government takeover of  the internet, but the only government takeover I see is the one that  the White House keeps proposing.   Now, the amendment that is before us would ask the GAO to examine how  the FCC assesses competition, including making recommendations on how  to improve their assessment and how to increase competition in these  vital markets. This is a key question for so  [[Page H3226]]  many consumer protections online, not just net neutrality.   This bill is about consumers, small business, and democratic values  like competition. This is a good amendment. I support this amendment,  and I urge all of my colleagues to support it as well.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   I would say to my good friend, Mr. Walden, and he is my good friend,  that if you think the President's plan to nationalize 5G is a bad  idea--and I kind of recall the gentleman saying that. As recently as  yesterday, the administration in its campaign is still talking about  nationalizing 5G. Perhaps it is time to get on the phone or to stand up  here on the House floor publicly and talk about some action that we can  take as a Congress to make sure that the White House doesn't  nationalize 5G.   With the amendment before us, bridging the digital divide is one of  the great challenges the FCC faces today. The Save the Internet Act is  going to give the FCC new tools to address that digital divide.   Although broadband technologies keep getting better, they are not  reaching everyone, especially those in remote areas, like Native  Americans living on Tribal lands. These populations face unique  challenges in getting high-speed internet access service. That is why  it is critical that the FCC focus on identifying and addressing  obstacles to getting high-speed internet onto reservations and Tribal  lands.    This amendment would instruct the FCC to work more closely with  Native Americans to help connect Tribal lands. This amendment is  particularly important because of the Trump FCC's illegal attempt to  reduce support for the Lifeline program to Tribal communities. This  decision was ultimately found to be illegal by the courts. However, it  is critical that the Commission talk and listen to the people who  understand the problems and represent the communities lacking  broadband.   Mr. Chairman, I support this commonsense amendment.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, the Save the  Internet Act will ensure net neutrality and help bring the internet to  parts of the country that don't yet have it.   I would say to my friend from Oregon, the bill is crystal clear on  rate regulation. The language clearly prohibits any rate regulation, so  rural folks need not worry about that.   Through the act, the FCC will have the authority to accelerate  deployment of broadband by removing barriers to infrastructure  investment and by promoting competition. And, furthering that goal,  Congress requires that the FCC report on the state of broadband  deployment nationwide.   The results, every year, are particularly important because they are  used to figure out where to best direct funds for rural broadband  deployment. And to name a few, that is important for consumers,  schools, libraries, and hospitals that they get the connections they  need.   And we need to know that the FCC's data is accurate. We expect the  FCC to use its best efforts to ensure that the data is up to date and  error free before releasing their reports.   Recently, the traditional diligence of the FCC has been called into  question. According to news reports, the FCC is preparing a report that  contains data that an internet service provider has told the FCC is  wrong. The carrier reported that it provided high-speed broadband to  everyone in 10 states when its actual service area was a fraction of  that.   This serious oversight seriously alters the state of broadband  deployment in this country and calls into question data used by this  administration to justify other policies.   Despite that internet service provider coming forward, the FCC has  not even corrected a press statement that was, in part, based on that  erroneous data entitled ``America's Digital Divide Narrows  Substantially.''   As the expert agency regulating broadband, it cannot knowingly put  out false information that misleads the public. This amendment will  help remedy that. That is why I support it, and that is why I think we  should all vote for it.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   We keep hearing this talk about how investment plummeted after the  2015 order. Well, we all know that is not true, and the proof is in the  pudding.   Investment data shows an aggregate increase in investment following  the FCC's February 2015 vote to adopt the open internet rules compared  to the 2 years following the repeal of the 2015 order, when investment  actually decreased.   The same is true of most ISPs' individual investments. The majority  of publicly traded broadband providers reported investment increases  after the 2015 order was adopted. In the first year following adoption  of the 2015 rules, census data showed a $3.5 billion jump in capital  spending in data processing, hosting, and related services.   Moreover, the repeal of the 2015 order did not result in a use boost  to infrastructure spending, as the Trump FCC asserted would happen.  Instead, investment actually decreased.   This amendment before us is important. Though many of our  constituents enjoy easy access to high-speed broadband, there are still  many pockets of this country that aren't served by high-speed  broadband. Or, as my good friend Peter Welch from the great State of  Vermont says about the promises of 5G: ``Some of us have no Gs.''   The Save the Internet Act is going to restore net neutrality  throughout the country, and it is going to give the FCC key authorities  that buttress critical programs, such as the Connect America Fund that  provides money to build high-speed broadband out to areas where it  would not be economic to do so without the funding.   The Save the Internet Act also gives internet service providers  nondiscriminatory access to rights of way and poles, which will  facilitate build-out in rural areas.   Unless we connect our rural communities, the people in them cannot  fully be active participants in the 21st century economy. They are  missing out on education and workforce opportunities that are so often  now delivered online. That is why much of the rural broadband  deployment in this country is funded by the Connect America Fund.   This amendment would require GAO to examine these issues and to  provide a report with recommendations about how the government can  promote build-out to hard-to-reach or otherwise overlooked communities.  This is such an important policy issue and such an important part of  saving the internet.   I look forward to joining my colleagues in supporting this amendment.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I would say to my friend, I think what we are trying to do  in these two amendments is, we need the FCC to get on this as soon as  possible, but we need the GAO to continue to look at this. But I  understand what the gentleman is saying.   Look, we know these maps are wrong. I mean, nobody is arguing about  that, and it is unacceptable. What the gentlewoman's amendment would do  is ask the GAO to do a report to examine the current mapping processes  for both wireless and wired line services.   They would also be asked to identify what FCC programs and actions  rely on maps and to make recommendations on how the FCC could produce  more reliable maps.   I think this is an important amendment. I support it, and I urge all  my colleagues to support it also.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I would ask the  Congressman, my understanding of his amendment is that it simply  restates what is already in the 2015 Open Internet Order, namely, that  nothing in this bill would prohibit ISPs from blocking unlawful content  and that nothing in this act adds any additional requirement or right  for an ISP to decide what is lawful content?    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I thank the  gentleman for clarifying that. I support the gentleman's amendment.   Since this is the last of the amendments to be offered, I wanted to  take this time to thank my friend and the Republican side for a  vigorous debate not only in our committee but here on the floor.   Mr. Chair, I would be remiss if I didn't thank our staffs, namely  Alex Hoehn-Saric, Jerry Leverich, Jennifer Epperson, AJ Brown, Dan  Miller, Kenneth Degraff, and my telecom staff, Philip Murphy. Without  him, I wouldn't sound as intelligent as I do on these matters. I thank  all of the Democratic staff. They worked very hard, and they deserve  our thanks.   Mr. Chair, this has been a vigorous debate, as it should be, but we  are coming to a close now, and I thank my friend for his participation.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded  vote.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in  opposition to the motion to recommit.    DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, colleagues, pay  close attention this. This proposal is completely unnecessary. Let me  tell you why.   The bill simply restores the 2015 Open Internet Order that the FCC  adopted and was upheld by the courts. Nothing in that order could or  did give the FCC the authority to modify, impair, or supersede Federal  law. To the contrary, the order said specifically that it did not  impose new taxes or impact the Internet Tax Freedom Act.   The Internet Tax Freedom Act is Federal law. Nothing in this order  allows the FCC to modify, impair, or supersede Federal law.   This is a complete nonissue, nothing you need to be worried about;  and, frankly, it is just a last-ditch effort to delay and confuse  people on net neutrality.   Now, let's get down to what this bill really does. What this bill  does, basically, is three things:   First, the three we all agree on: no blocking, no throttling, and no  paid prioritization. Republicans and Democrats say we all agree with  that.   But, colleagues, that is not the end of the ball game, because we  have already seen discriminatory practices by ISPs that aren't covered  by blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization.   What my friends over here are saying is, sure, the three things we  caught them red-handed on that they have already pled guilty to, we are  not going to allow that anymore, but any new discriminatory behavior,  any new unjust or unreasonable behavior, we don't want a cop on the  beat to police that. We don't want to be able to give consumers the  right to go to the FCC and get relief from that. It is like locking the  front door and leaving the backdoor wide open.    Now, let's talk about another thing, too.   Two years ago, the Trump FCC repealed the Open Internet Order. What  did it replace it with? Nothing. Nada. Zip. Crickets. They did nothing.  It is the Wild, Wild West. Let the ISPs do anything they want and  consumers be damned. That is what they did.   For 2 years, they could have brought their so-called version of  light-touch net neutrality to the body. They controlled the House. They  controlled the Senate. They got a Republican President. They did  nothing because they don't believe in net neutrality, and they don't  believe in protecting consumers.   Well, I have got news for my friends on this side of the aisle: You  are not in charge here anymore. This is a new day. We didn't come to  Washington, D.C., to represent companies. We came here to represent the  American people.   May I tell my colleagues, whether they are Republicans, Democrats, or  Independents, 86 percent of the American people say they want these  rules restored.   Colleagues, this is your first and only chance to tell the American  people where you stand on net neutrality and whether you believe that  the FCC should protect consumers. This is your chance to be on the  right side of history, on the side of the angels, and on the side of  the American people.   Let's defeat this motion to recommit and pass this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   