 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there are two possible paths when it  comes to the appropriations process in Congress. There is a bipartisan  path, where both parties work together in good faith to pass all 12  appropriations bills. Then there is the partisan path, where one party  breaks faith with the other, and we end up traveling down a road of  brinksmanship. Continuing resolutions become the order of the day, and  the risk of a government shutdown increases.   We all know the bipartisan path is far preferable. It both avoids the  possibility of another damaging government shutdown, and when we  legislate the appropriations bills, we can intelligently allocate our  resources for the future. Continuing resolutions, on the other hand,  are blunt objects that simply recycle last year's priorities. It hurts  our military; it hurts the middle class; and it hurts the American  people.   We are at an important crossroads between those two passes right now.  After successfully negotiating the broad outlines of a budget deal  earlier this year, we must now agree on the allocations to the 12  appropriations subcommittees. These are known as the 302(b)  allocations. This process was completely bipartisan in 2018; these  allocations passed the Appropriations Committee unanimously 31 to 0.   This year, the Republican majority, without consulting with  Democrats, has proposed taking away $12 billion from urgent domestic  priorities and from urgent military priorities and wasting it--wasting  it on President Trump's ineffective and expensive border wall. This is  the very wall President Trump promised over and over again that Mexico  would pay for when he ran for office and garnered support for it from  his constituency.   No Republican--certainly not the Republican leader who knows this  place well--could seriously believe Democrats would agree to that: $12  billion for the wall, stolen from healthcare programs to fight opioid  addiction and encourage cancer research, stolen from military families?  No Republican could expect Democrats to support that, nor should they.  It is terrible policy.   This morning, in the appropriations markup, every single Republican  on the committee, including Leader McConnell, voted to move forward on  this idea. Republican Senators who oppose the President's emergency  declaration voted for it; Republican Senators whose States would lose  tens of millions of dollars in military funding voted for it. This is  the clearest indication yet that Republicans may well be abandoning a  bipartisan appropriations process. They would do so at their peril, as  well as the peril of the Nation.   Republicans have started off here on the wrong foot, repeating the  exact same mistakes they made at the end of 2018, which resulted in the  longest government shutdown in American history--a shutdown that  President Trump and Republicans rightly shouldered the blame for.   There is only one bit of good news in this maneuver. There is still  time for Republicans to reverse course. The Republican majority should  sit down with Democrats on the committee and start over on the 302(b)  allocations, figure out an order to bring each bill to the floor, and  get a bipartisan process back on track. That is how we Democrats want  to do it. That is how we have always gotten appropriations bills done.  No one wants to resort to a continuing resolution or, God forbid,  another Republican, Donald Trump-inspired government shutdown, but it  takes two to tango.   My Republican colleagues must know that what happens in the next few  days and weeks will determine whether we can proceed with a bipartisan  appropriations process this fall or not.   I urge Leader McConnell and every single Republican to reverse  course--it is certainly not too late--and work with us and get it done.  I spoke to Leader McConnell yesterday right here in the well and  suggested just that. He seemed open to it. Let's hope our request is  heeded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before we vote, I wish to take a moment  to recognize a lifelong public servant, Cindy Hasiak, who will be  retiring after 32 years in this Chamber, with the Sergeant at Arms and  with the Senate doorkeepers.   Cindy came to the Senate in the spring of 1987. In her time here, she  has seen hundreds of Senators pass through these doors. When particular  Senators were nowhere to be found, she was usually the one who would  have chased them down.   There is also so much work in the Senate that gets done behind the  scenes. So much of it is essential to our operations, and all of it is  performed flawlessly, quietly, wonderfully by dedicated staffers who  rarely get the recognition they deserve. Truly, the Senate would not  function without the quiet dedication and steady excellence of folks  like Cindy.   As her days of chasing down Senators come to a close, I wish her all  the best as she embarks on a well-earned and well-deserved retirement  where, luckily for her, she will be close to her family, friends, and  loved ones and far from the frenetic demands of wrangling 100 Senators  with 100 different schedules.   We all thank her for her dedicated career in public service. She will  always, always, always have the gratitude of this grand institution.   I yield the floor.   