 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as I travel across Montana, I hear from  folks who work tirelessly every day to make ends meet.   Many work long hours for too low wages, and they face ever-rising  costs in housing and healthcare and other basic necessities, but folks  in Montana are resilient, they are resourceful, they know how to live  within their means, and they know how important it is to make the  numbers add up at the end of the month.   I rise because, as usual, Washington, DC, could learn a lot from  Montana. This week, we will vote on a bill that swipes Washington's  credit card to the tune of about $250 billion over the next 2 years-- dollars that will come out of the pockets of our kids and our  grandkids. Now, this $250 billion comes on top of the $1 trillion the  United States will add to the national deficit this year because our  budget is that far out of whack. The previous year to this year was  $800 billion that we added to the national debt.   So to put that in perspective, that is about $2.2 trillion in just 2  years. If you are sitting at home wondering, $2.2 trillion; how much is  that, it is far more than $250 billion.   With $250 billion, half the students going to college for 4 years  would not have to pay anything to go to school in the United States. We  are adding $2.2 trillion, and it is going to continue on until we get  our budget in line.   Unfortunately, this sort of reckless spending by both parties has  shown a disregard for its impact on the national debt, and it is now  the norm in Washington, DC.   Folks on both sides of the aisle are calling for this agreement, and  they are calling it a compromise, but in reality, the only thing it  will compromise is our children and our grandchildren's future.   Montanans expect me to hold Washington, DC, accountable and fight  back against irresponsible spending and poor tax policy. This falls on  the irresponsible spending side.   The bipartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget projects  that this administration's policies will add $4 trillion to the debt  over the next 10 years. I am here to tell you that is too conservative  a figure.   At this point in time, we are going to be adding about $1.2 trillion  to the debt every year if things don't change. Our debt is  skyrocketing, and guess what. We are not fixing the healthcare problems  that need to be fixed; we are not fixing the high cost of education; we  are not investing in our infrastructure, but our debt continues to  skyrocket because of irresponsible spending and, quite frankly, a  Republican tax giveaway for the wealthy at the expense of our kids and  our grandkids.   I have listened to colleagues on both sides of the aisle during my  tenure here  [[Page S5165]]  who warned of debt and how our national debt could damage our economy  and our national security.   Two years ago, my Republican colleagues passed a partisan tax  giveaway, drafted behind closed doors, with no--with no--public input  from Montanans or anyone else in this country. They promised that this  tax giveaway would pay for itself, but it did not. Let me say that one  more time. They promised the tax giveaway would pay for itself, but  guess what. Just like the previous ones, it didn't.   Instead, it tacked about $2 trillion onto our national debt, and it  is another example of why we can't get our books in order--because we  have a shortsighted fiscal approach that makes us the first generation  to inherit from our parents and borrow from our kids.   My colleagues made campaign promises to tackle this debt. As a  Congressman--as a Congressman--Mick Mulvaney, who happens to be the  President's Chief of Staff, pledged to eliminate it, but this White  House has done just the opposite.   As we stand here today, the debt has exploded to more than $22  trillion, and it continues to climb higher every day, despite the  country being in the middle of the longest period of economic expansion  in our history.   Now, I am going to tell you it is one thing to run a deficit when you  are in a recession--it is necessary to bring the economy back--but when  you are in the longest period of economic expansion in this country's  history, we should be paying down that debt, and we are not. We are  adding to it as if we were in a recession.   Running trillion-dollar deficits during times of growth like this  one, and everybody in this body knows it, puts the economy on a sugar  high. It feels good now, but we all know it is not sustainable, and a  crash is inevitable.   The same folks who voted to pile $2 trillion onto the deficit now  argue--some of them--that we cannot find the money to provide our  veterans with the healthcare they have earned. They say we need deep  cuts--deep cuts--into Medicaid and Social Security and other programs  that many folks have paid into for their entire life, but yet we are  going to cut them.   I have known, and we all know, that budgets and spending are about  priorities, and it is clear that Congress's priorities are out of  whack.   You wouldn't know it from watching C-SPAN, but it is possible to be  fiscally conservative without cutting working folks off at the knees. I  know this because, as president of the Montana Senate, I negotiated and  passed a balanced budget because the State constitution requires it.  Since coming to the U.S. Senate, I have led a push to add a  constitutional amendment requiring that Congress pass a balanced  budget.   Now, look, we all know it can't be done overnight, but in a measured  approach, with bipartisan cooperation, we can at least get headed in  the right direction. There is no reason why we cannot make smart  investments in working families, our kids' education, 21st century  infrastructure, and the other needs across this country without  bankrupting future generations. Folks in the Treasure State know that,  and Washington, DC, needs to know that too. It is time for Congress to  follow Montana's lead.   I yield the floor.   