 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise, proud to be an  American and, today, I would also say, proud to be a member of the  Nation's oldest civil rights organization, the NAACP.   I am especially proud to be a member of the NAACP today because,  yesterday, the NAACP became the first of the civil rights and human  rights organizations to take a stand against bigotry, xenophobia,  homophobia, Islamophobia, hatred, and racism by passing a resolution at  its national convention calling for the impeachment of the President.   And still I rise, proud, Mr. Speaker, to be associated with this  organization. This is not its first time taking a stand on behalf of  the American people.   It was the NAACP that filed Shelley v. Kraemer and Barrows v.  Jackson, outlawing restrictive covenants that prevented people of color  from living in certain neighborhoods.   It was the NAACP that filed and won Brown v. Board of Education,  which, literally, took on and eviscerated segregation--lawful  segregation, I might add--in this country.  [[Page H7248]]    It was the NAACP that guided the Supreme Court of the United States  of America for almost a quarter of a century under the leadership of  Associate Justice Thurgood Marshall. He was the lawyer who took Brown  v. Board of Education before the Supreme Court. He was the lawyer who  was the chief legal counsel for the NAACP. He sat on the Supreme Court.  He guided the Supreme Court.   The NAACP, again, makes history, and I am proud to be associated with  this great organization.   Mr. Speaker, I would also add that we are now some 98 days since the  Mueller report was called to the attention of the public, 98 days since  it was made public, 98 days since the Chief Executive has been above  the law.   Mr. Mueller is testifying today. Tomorrow, I will start another acid  test wherein I will show the number of days that the President has been  above the law since Mr. Mueller himself testified in Congress.   Mr. Speaker, we are living in some very challenging times--very  challenging times--but Dr. King reminded us that the truest measure of  a person in times such as this is not where you stand in those times of  comfort and convenience but where you stand in these times of challenge  and controversy.   I am proud to know that the NAACP stands for liberty and justice for  all, stands for the people of the United States of America, as it has  historically. And I shall continue to stand and be a member of the  NAACP.   