 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Thornberry and Chairman Smith.   Madam Speaker, I am grateful that the House and Senate have come to  an agreement in this year's National Defense Authorization Act  conference report to finally repeal the widow's tax.   I appreciate my predecessor, the late Chairman Floyd Spence, who was  one of the earliest proponents of eliminating the widow's tax, and I  picked up on his efforts upon my election in 2001. Being the lead  sponsor of this bill will always be meaningful to me.   I made every effort to be bipartisan, always inviting all cosponsors  of both parties to milestone achievements. Repealing the widow's tax  has been personal to me.   Lieutenant Colonel Trane McCloud was the military fellow in our  office in 2003 and was sadly killed in Iraq on December 4, 2006. His  wife, Maggie, and  [[Page H10087]]  their three children, Hayden, Grace, and Meghan, have always been on my  mind and in my heart as we fought for the repeal of the widow's tax.   This legislation has the support of 383 Members in the House. This  bill that is included in NDAA, has the largest number of cosponsors of  any bill in the House of Representatives this Congress. I welcomed  Congressman   John Yarmuth to be the first cosponsor with the intention  of always being bipartisan. This provision will restore the full amount  of the survivor benefit annuity to more than 65,000 surviving military  families. The repeal of the widow's tax will impact families who could  receive an average of almost $12,000 a year. Surviving spouses visited  and called representatives and were very convincing.   This effectiveness was truly remarkable, and I commend Edith Smith,  Barb Christie, Kathy Prout, Kathy Thorpe, Kristy DiDomenico, and  Kristin Fenty for their perseverance. Veterans service organizations  were also instrumental. I am thankful that the families who have given  the greatest sacrifice in service to our country are no longer burdened  by this unfair offset.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to vote in support of the NDAA  conference report.   