 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to mark the  75th anniversary of the epic Battle of the Bulge. It was an incredible  battle in World War II. To quote British Prime Minister Winston  Churchill, this was ``the greatest American battle of the war.''   It was an incredible privilege to join veterans this past weekend at  the 75th anniversary ceremonies in Luxembourg and Belgium. Remember, it  was 75 years ago. The youngest among these veterans, if they went into  the service at the age of 18, would, as of today, be 93 years old.   The World War II Memorial in Washington pays special tribute to the  16 million Americans who served and especially to the 400,000 who gave  their lives for our freedom. There are two flagpoles at that memorial,  and at the base of these flagpoles are the words ``Americans came to  liberate, not to conquer, to restore freedom and to end tyranny.'' In  winning World War II, this generation gave their all to ensure that we  continue to live in freedom. These heroes didn't return home until the  war was over.   This weekend, we recognized a number of veterans who are still with  us who helped win the pivotal Battle of the Bulge. For these soldiers,  the brutality of the battle came in the bitter cold of winter. They  battled the elements--wet snow, intense cold, and freezing fog. Every  one of them suffered from hyperthermia, trench foot, frostbite, and  illness. They shivered in their foxholes. They shivered from frigid  conditions and maybe some from fright. I speak with deep appreciation  and admiration and awe for their efforts, their excellence, and their  remarkable endurance.   The battle began on December 16, 1944. That is when Germany launched  a surprise attack on the Allied forces in Europe. The Allied troops  were generally outnumbered by more than three to one. In addition to  the harsh weather, they faced treacherous terrain. Still, GEN Dwight  David Eisenhower spoke with confidence. He said: ``United in this  determination and with unshakable faith in the cause for which we  fight, we will with God's help go forward to our greatest victory.''  The Germans sought to divide and destroy the Allies, but it was the  Allies who ultimately crushed the German Army.   The Bulge was one of the most punishing battles in the history of the  U.S. military. Most of the 650,000 Allied troops were Americans. From  December 16, 1944, to January 29, 1945, the Americans suffered 75,482  casualties; 8,407 were killed. The brave soldiers who fought in this  brutal battle saved the free world.   Every soldier was a hero, and every soldier has a story to tell. My  father, CPL John Barrasso, was one of those heroes. He reported to duty  to the Pennsylvania Army National Guard in 1941, 4 days after the  Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. He didn't return home for 4 years.   He was a gun crewman in the 108th Field Artillery Battalion of the  28th Infantry Division. He wore on his arm the red keystone patch. The  Germans called the patch the Bloody Bucket, referring to the ferocity  of its fighters.   He was one who landed at Omaha Beach, but he was always clear to  point out that he wasn't there on that very first day. That is how  humble these men are. He landed in Normandy in July of 1944. They beat  back the German Army through France and then into the fiercest battle  of them all. In combat for nearly 200 days, they fought against 45 of  the 90 German Army divisions. He was awarded five Bronze Stars.   I have with me my dad's dog tags from World War II, along with his  military prayer book. On the front it says ``My Military Missal.'' On  the back cover is a rosary, and there is a cross, as well as the beads,  and you could work your way through the beads in your hand in your  pocket in a foxhole, praying the rosary, as many of them did. I would  point out that these beads are very well worn. My father was a man who  always put his family, his faith, and his country first.   On this, the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge, we honor  the heroic and selfless efforts of our Allied forces. Their triumph  over evil speaks to the core strengths of courage, character, and  commitment.   We will forever give thanks for all of our World War II veterans and  their families. We will never forget those who made the ultimate  sacrifice. And we will always remember the valiant Allied forces who  saved the free world.   In closing, I want to wish everyone--especially our dedicated men and  women in uniform--a very Merry Christmas, a Happy Holidays, and a Happy  New Year.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mary Eileen  Manning, a State Department fellow in Senator Sullivan's office, be  granted floor privileges for the remainder of the Congress.   