 Madam Speaker, I know we all had the points we want  to walk through, but can I actually take a step sideways and do more a  unified theory reason why I think getting this done is so incredibly  important.   We talk about our issues with trade with China. We are living in a  time right now where supply chains are choosing where to move around  the world. The fact of the matter is that we are going to move North  America into a stable, much more robust trading bloc where we know what  the rules are. It gives us a chance to try to draw much more of the  world's supply chains--manufacturing, trade, and commerce--as we get to  be one of the key hubs in the world. The rancor, the fragility, the  disagreements--hopefully that is behind us now.   Being from the State of Arizona, we also accomplished a number of  things in this trade agreement that are really important. The de  minimis rules, where small businesses, internet-based businesses, now  have a fighting chance to engage in commerce back and forth across the  border, and some of the other rules of protections of IP and data, we  truly have modernized much of this agreement.   Will this help the United States? I sure hope so because you see a  number of predictions that this draws almost a half a percent of GDP in  growth. That is wonderful. I wish we could have done this a year ago,  but we are finally getting it done.   We are living almost in a miracle of economic growth and economic  stability. This just adds one more leg so we can keep this going. We  got the tax policy right. We also have the international part of the  tax policy right. Now, hopefully, we are getting part of the trade  right. Can we continue to live this economic expansion miracle longer?  I will make the argument that getting this USMCA done is incredibly  important to this success.    Madam Speaker, to my friends here, I wasn't going to  come up here and try to do firebrand or the theater, but we do have a  little moment of intellectual inconsistency. Let's try a quick thought  experiment.   We, as a body, my brothers and sisters on the left, you support a  progressive tax system, right?   Well, Madam Speaker, if you support a progressive tax system, then  the fact of the matter is, if you have a high-income earning State  community, you pay more taxes. It is just a little line of intellectual  consistency.   So, you support the wealthier paying more. What happens when you have  a deduction that you want to put back?   I am sorry, but you know me and charts; it is a problem. I am working  on a 12-step group to deal with it.   The fact of the matter is, the top 5 percent of income earners get 77  percent of the benefit. You can't intellectually have it both ways. I  mean, aren't your brains just exploding, saying: Well, on the one hand,  we want you to give rich people these deductions, but on the other  hand, we want to tax rich people more, except for this bill where we  want to give the really, really rich people the benefit.   You are going to get a chance. We are going to have an MTR. At least,  this way, you can take it away from the really, really, really, really,  really rich people who make $100 million or more, saying they don't get  to take the SALT deduction. We will see what level of super-rich people  we are defending in this debate.   I understand, from a political standpoint, you are doing the right  thing. You are doing the work from your district. But at least we could  be intellectually honest about the math.   If you represent a district that has high taxes, whether it be the  income taxes or property taxes, coming and defending SALT is fine. It  makes sense. But be honest about what the math means. If you are a  donor State, it is because you have high incomes. If you want this, it  is because you are defending your wealthy.   It is just math, and the math, Madam Speaker, always wins.   