 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 241, the Bank  Service Company Examination Coordination Act, commonsense legislation  that enables State and Federal regulators to better coordinate their  examination activities.   The bill allows for the sharing of supervisory information concerning  technology service providers, better known as TSPs, between State and  Federal regulators.   Banks use TSPs in their day-to-day operations for a variety of  activities, such as processing payments, taking deposits, or assisting  with cybersecurity efforts. As banks are adapting to a more  interconnected world, partnerships between financial institutions and  TSPs are not only common, but they are necessary.   State and Federal regulators each have the ability to examine  technology vendors for safety and for soundness, but current law  prevents them from sharing the results of their independent  examinations, a problem that H.R. 241 corrects.   H.R. 241 helps to harmonize the oversight process without adding risk  to their financial system. Sharing the results of regulatory  examination results between agencies can reveal the weaknesses of an  individual institution as well as the larger banking system as a whole.   The Financial Stability Oversight Council, which is charged with  identifying risks in the U.S. financial system, recommended in their  2017 annual report to enhance coordination between State and Federal  regulators. Specifically, the report called on Congress to pass  legislation that encourages coordination among the Federal and State  regulators in the oversight of third-party service providers. The  result would be reducing potentially conflicting and duplicative  regulatory oversight, while also promoting more consistent  cybersecurity standards.   Sharing the results of these TSP supervisory exams allows for  agencies to more efficiently use their limited resources, while  ensuring that private companies are not subject to an avoidable,  duplicative review.   I want to thank Chairwoman Waters. I want to thank Ranking Member  McHenry, and especially my friend on the other side of the aisle,  Congressman Meeks, and all the staff for their diligent work.   I am proud of the bipartisan effort in both the 115th and the 116th  Congresses that allowed for the passage of H.R. 241 today. I urge all  my colleagues to support this legislation.   