 Mr. President, I am on the floor tonight to talk about  retirement security, which is something everybody cares about. Who  doesn't want peace of mind in retirement?   When I am back home, I hear about it all of the time, partly because  a lot of people are worried about the costs they are going to have in  retirement, including long-term care costs. A lot of people are seeing  their parents and their grandparents living longer, healthier lives;  yet they do not have their retirement nest eggs in order to keep up. So  we need to do something to help on that.   Social Security is there as the safety net. It used to always be  there, but that is what it is, just a base amount: $1,200 a month. It  is not very much, but it is the average for some folks in my home State  of Ohio. You have to have a private retirement savings that adds to  that, and that can mean the savings you have in your bank account. The  best way to do it is through a 401(k) account at your work where the  employer, hopefully, puts a match in. So it is a good deal for you  because you put money in, and your employer puts money in, and you get  to have a tax deduction for it. Even if you are not at work, you can  take an individual IRA. With the IRA, it is the same thing wherein you  get a tax deduction. That is good. Some companies have the defined  benefit plan. That is the old pension plan. That is great if you have  one. Not as many workers do anymore, but we want to preserve those that  are left. For those who are Federal Government employees, they do have  the Federal employees' pension plan, which works for them.   All of this together is incredibly important right now for the people  I represent, and people are worried about it.   Some of the statistics are actually pretty scary of a lot of people  who work for small businesses who don't have access to plans  altogether. They just don't have any opportunity to get retirement  savings plans. As an example, about 50 percent of the workers in these  small businesses are in that category. Over time, we have tried to  address some of these issues. Right now, fortunately, the U.S. Senate  has a few bills that it could take up that would actually help in that.   I have been working on this issue for a number of years--actually,  about 20 years--going back to my days in the House with now-Senator Ben  Cardin. We passed legislation to expand how much you can put into a  retirement account--a 401(k), an IRA. We increased the amount. There  are the catchup contributions that some people are familiar with. There  is also what is called auto enrollment, whereby companies automatically  enroll you unless you choose not to enroll, which helps to get the  participation rate way up, from about 75 percent up to 95 percent.   We have done some things that have helped, and because of that, I  know that, if you provide more incentives for retirement, it works  because it worked back in 2001. In fact, if you look at what has  happened since then, total retirement savings have increased from about  $11 trillion to about $29 trillion since 2001. By the way, this means  there are more resources available in our economy because there are  more savings, and savings are good things for investment. There is a  higher GDP--higher economic growth--greater access to capital for small  businesses and so on. So this has worked.   By the way, these retirement nest eggs have increased among every  income quintile since 2001 when you adjust it for inflation. It is not  just the people at the higher end or even in the middle; it is people  who are of low income, middle low, middle income, and higher income who  have all benefited from this. As I said, we have a lot more to do  because, even with that Social Security, which is a safety net, it is  really tough to live on that. People are not saving enough through  their private savings and their retirement plans.   We need to finish the work that we started. We also need to fix some  outdated regulations that just don't make sense in today's world. I am  chair of  [[Page S5698]]  what is called the subcommittee on retirement within the Committee on  Finance. We are working on these proposals on a bipartisan basis, and  we are making some progress. I am going to tell you about some of those  bills now.   One bill is before the Senate right now in the sense that it has  already passed the House. It is called the SECURE Act. One is a larger  bill that does more than the SECURE Act that has been introduced by  Senator Cardin and me. Then there is a small provision I want to  mention tonight that has been introduced separately, which is also in  the SECURE Act. It is an urgent thing to pass because there are a bunch  of people who are going to lose their retirement benefits unless we  pass it very soon. Let me back up and give you some of the troubling  facts about why we need to do something here.   First of all, fewer than half of the employees who are, again, at  small businesses--businesses with fewer than 50 workers--have access to  plans. The problem is really in our smaller businesses, and we know  that. Larger business all tend to have 401(k)s. Many have defined  contribution plans like a 401(k), and others have defined benefit plans  like pensions. They tend to have retirement options for workers, but  many of the small businesses do not. Even when workers have access to  plans, there are still only 34 percent who participate.   Amongst small businesses, there are fewer plans than there should be,  but there are also fewer people participating. Only 22 percent of part- time workers are in plans. Now, increasingly in our economy, people  have part-time jobs or may have a few part-time jobs, but they don't  have retirement plans in any of them.   By the way, when you look at this in terms of the folks who are not  participating, low-income Americans are also not participating as you  would want. Only 22 percent of low-income families are participating in  retirement plans. Many of them don't have the disposable income to be  able to contribute, and we will talk about that in a second as to how  to address that problem.    The final problem I want to mention does not have to do with the  small businesses or part-time workers or low-income workers. It has to  do with what we talked about at the beginning, which is people who  outlive their retirements. Let's face it. We are living longer and  healthier lives as Americans, and that is a good thing, but a lot of  people didn't or couldn't plan for that. They may have thought, I have  a nice, little nest egg here, and I have a 401(k), and I am going to  retire at age 65. Yet, when they are in their late eighties or  nineties, they realize there just wasn't enough set aside. Here is an  opportunity for us to address that as well.   Earlier this year, Senator Cardin and I introduced legislation called  the Retirement Security and Savings Act, and it addresses all of these  problems that I mentioned. It has more than 50 reforms, actually, to  help Americans achieve this goal of safe, secure retirements--peace of  mind--after their working for years and letting people retire with  dignity. It has a few important provisions that I want to mention  tonight. I won't go into all 50, but I will mention some of them.   First, to increase this low 22-percent coverage among low-income  workers, it expands what is called the saver's credit. This has worked  well, but it is not refundable now, which means, for a lot of people  who are of low income, they can't take advantage of it because they  don't have the income tax liability, particularly with the new tax  bill, frankly. For a lot of people, it has actually lowered taxes so  that they don't have the ability to take a deduction, but they can use  a credit. We changed the saver's credit to expand it so that it is more  usable, and we make it refundable. We don't make it refundable to  individuals but, rather, refundable to a retirement account because you  don't want to just provide more funding out there that is not going to  be used for this correct purpose of retirement. It has to go into your  retirement account. In addition, it increases the credit amount so as  to be available to a lot of low-income savers. This is really going to  help get people to be able to save for retirement, again, who are  working but who are not saving.   The bill also addresses the problem of only 22 percent of part-time  workers being in plans. It requires employers to allow part-time  workers who have completed 2 years of service to participate in 401(k)  plans. This is a big deal to the AARP, as an example, and it is one  reason it is strongly supporting this bill. By the way, this is also  being supported by a whole group of businesses, nonprofits, and others.  People love this bill because it is going to help people to save for  retirement. What is not to like there? Particularly with regard to  part-time workers, our saying, ``if you have completed 2 years of  service, you need to have access to a 401(k) plan,'' it is going to  help.   It also allows employers to make matching contributions to the 401(k)  accounts of employees who are paying off student loans who otherwise  wouldn't receive a full match. Why? It is that they have to choose  between paying down the student loan debt they have and saving for  retirement. I really like this idea. It is an innovative one. It was  first proposed by Senator Ron Wyden, by the way, who is the ranking  Democrat on the Committee on Finance.   I think this will really help the people who are, again, going into  the workforce. They have these student loans. They have to pay off that  debt, but they can't afford to put money into 401(k)s. This enables  them to put that money into the match, and it helps to get them started  on retirement. On average, the student loan debt now for someone who  comes out of one of our 4-year colleges or universities is $27,000.  That makes it tough for a lot of people to get started in life.   To get at this problem, we talked about a few small businesses having  plans. Portman-Cardin increases the tax credit that small businesses  receive for one's starting a retirement plan. It is $500 now, and we  take it up to $5,000. That is a tenfold increase that will really help  small businesses, we are told. This is why they support the bill.   It also provides an innovative tax credit idea. Small businesses will  get a tax credit if they automatically enroll their employees in the  plans at least every 3 years. What does this mean? We talked about auto  enrollment earlier and that, if you have auto enrollment in your  company, your participation rate goes up to 95 percent from about 75  percent. Why? It is that people come into the workforce and might not  sign up for a 401(k), but if they are automatically signed up, they are  not going to say no, right? This way, they will start to get a little  of the payroll taxes and a little of their paychecks going toward  retirement. They will find out that this works. They will start their  nest eggs, and they will like them, so they will stick with them.   It is the same thing here. If at least every 3 years you have to  automatically enroll your employees, what will happen? You will get  people into these plans, and they will stay in these plans. This is  going to be a big deal in small businesses, and we think it is worth  giving them a tax credit for it. It is kind of an innovative idea.   For small businesses, our bill also reduces some of the burdensome  and duplicative regulations that are associated with administering the  plan because, for a lot of small businesses, they don't have lawyers or  general counsel; they don't have professionals who can help on this.  Yet the HR people would sure like to have the ease of the  administration of these plans. So we do that, which is important in  order to get more of these small businesses to offer these plans.   We also address the problem we have talked about with Americans  living longer and healthier lives and being in danger of outliving  their retirements. For those who are following this closely because  they are getting close to retirement, they should pay attention here  because this could be helpful. To help the folks who have accumulated  retirement savings preserve those nest eggs--to help to preserve your  hard-earned nest eggs--the bill actually changes what is called the  required minimum distribution rules.   If you are in your late sixties or maybe turning 70, you may be  shocked to have just found out that--guess what--you have to start  distributing money out of the 401(k) that you have or the IRA that you  have under what is call the required minimum distribution rules.  [[Page S5699]]    My dad was a little surprised by that because he was still working at  age 70\1/2\ when you have to start doing that.   By the way, a lot of people back home are still working at age 70\1/ 2\, and they want to keep their retirement nest egg there. They want to  keep building it up because they hope they are going to live a long  life, and they want make sure they have something in there, but  instead, no, when you are 70\1/2\, you have to start taking it out and  paying taxes on it.   So we changed that from 70\1/2\ to 75. We do it over a few years  because it is an expensive provision, frankly, in this bill, but we pay  for it through other means. The idea is you want to let people keep  that money in their nest egg. By the way, if your nest egg is $100,000  or less, there is no minimum required distribution anymore under our  bill.   So for people who, again, are 70\1/2\ and are wondering, ``Why do I  have to start taking this money out? I have 65,000 bucks I have saved  up all these years, and I am still working,'' or ``I don't need to take  it out for retirement,'' let them keep it in that plan. If there is  under 100,000 bucks in your account, keep it in going forward forever.  If you have more than 100,000 bucks in there, then for that additional  amount, you don't have to start taking it out until you are 75, under  our bill.   So this is going to really help the people to ensure that they can  set aside money for retirement, and they know it is going to be there  when they need it.   Our new Portman-Cardin retirement legislation has the potential to  fundamentally reshape for the better how large numbers of Americans  approach their retirement planning, and that is a good thing. I look  forward to getting it passed through the Finance Committee and sent to  the Senate floor for a vote.   As I said earlier, even before we can get this broader package done,  we have a smaller bill that is sitting here in the Senate. It has  already passed the House. It is called the SECURE Act. It actually  passed the House almost unanimously--417 to 3. That rarely happens, and  that shows you the kind of bipartisan support it has. It is not as  comprehensive as the bill I just talked about, but it does have some  good provisions.   It has that increase in the small employer tax credit, for instance,  we talked about. It also raises this minimum required distribution to  age 72--from 70\1/2\ to 72--which is good. It doesn't go to 75, and it  doesn't have the $100,000 improvement we have, but it does help. It  also helps long-term part-time workers contribute to 401(k)s, which is  good.   So we go further in our bill, but this SECURE Act is a good step in  the right direction. I support it. I support bringing it up and passing  it. It already passed the House.   I do think we ought to allow a couple of amendments on each side  because this SECURE Act that passed the House has not been voted on, on  this floor before. It came out of our committee back in 2016, I  believe, so it has been a while. There hasn't been any debate on it or  deliberation. Why not allow a few amendments on it on each side?   Democrats probably have a few amendments they would like to offer.  Republicans have a few they would like to offer. The point is, let's  get that bill up and get it passed.   Then there is this final bill I was talking about. It is part of the  SECURE Act, which is on the floor right now ready to go. It has also  been introduced separately, and this is to address an urgent problem  right now that is affecting over 450,000 Americans.   Now, it gets a little complicated here, as retirement plans do  sometimes. These are people who are in these defined benefit plans,  pension plans, and they are in businesses that have shifted from a  defined benefit plan to a defined contribution like a 401(k). These are  businesses that have said: We are not going to have an additional  pension anymore. We are going to go to a 401(k) where individuals  contribute and individuals control their account.   Now, what happened in some of these businesses is they said: But if  you are already in a defined benefit plan, you can stay in. We are  going to freeze your plan going forward so new employees can't go into  it, but you can stay in your plan, and I think that is fair. Let people  who are in the plan who have paid in all these years continue to stay  in that defined benefit plan as they retire.   The problem is, inadvertently, the rules with regard to pensions are  tripping these people up because there is something called the  nondiscrimination income testing. In other words, you can't have too  many of the benefits go, in a defined benefit plan, to people who are  more on the high end of income. It has to be spread out.   Well, think about it. The people who are left in these plans are  people who are older because the new employees have had to go to the  defined contribution plan. So it is an older group of employees and,  therefore, more highly compensated because they have been given raises  over time, so they trigger this nondiscrimination income testing, and  they lose their benefits. They can't continue to accrue benefits.   That is just wrong. These are people who have played by the rules,  done everything right. Through no fault of their own but through this  quirky regulation, which was never meant to address this kind of an  issue, they are facing the very real possibility--450,000-plus people-- that they are going to lose their benefits through no fault of their  own. They should be able to continue to accrue benefits and get this  retirement plan they have worked so hard to be able to enjoy. Nobody  really disagrees.   Again, it is in the SECURE Act. We have introduced it separately.  Around here you run what is called a hotline with your fellow Senators  to see if anybody objects to this if it is a noncontroversial piece of  legislation.   So we did that with this, and, guess what, this legislation was  approved by everybody on the Republican side. Nobody had a problem with  it. Again, it is just a question of being sure these flawed rules  aren't inadvertently hurting these 450,000 Americans.   Then we ran the hotline on the Democratic side, and it was also very  popular over there, but at least one person objected--maybe more but at  least one.   So we are trying to work on this together to try to get it done. We  found out the objection is not based on the legislation at all. No one  has any problem with the legislation. It is based on their interest in  not allowing anything that is in the SECURE Act to be done separately  because they want to be sure the SECURE Act gets done. I want to be  sure the SECURE Act gets done too. It is an important bill. It is the  first step in the right direction, as we said, but let's not take it  out on these employees. If we don't fix it, then by this yearend, like  in the next couple of months here, these people are going to lose their  benefits.   So my hope is, now that we have tested the waters and found out it is  not controversial among my colleagues, let's just bring it up under  unanimous consent, get it done, and then let's move on and do the  SECURE Act too.   So my hope is we will be able to do that. It has been introduced,  again, as a standalone bill. So it is not like it is the other parts of  the SECURE Act that are only in the SECURE Act. It is standalone so it  shouldn't violate anybody's sense of fairness to say: Let's deal with  this separately and get it done.   I thank Chairman Chuck Grassley and Ranking Member Wyden for helping  on this because they have been supportive of the SECURE Act, they have  been supportive of dealing with this quirk in the law that deals with  these 450,000 people who are going to lose their benefits, and they  have been supportive of us doing this broader retirement savings  package as well.   I hope we can get them done. Let's do it in order. No. 1, let's get  the Retirement Security Preservation Act done. That is the 450,000  people, and let's just do that by unanimous consent. Everybody agrees  to it.   Let's move to the SECURE Act, get that done. Again, that was passed  in the House almost unanimously, and then let's move on to this broader  Portman-Cardin legislation we talked about tonight. It really deals  with these issues of small business coverage. It deals with the issue  of low-income workers needing to save more. It deals with the issue of  part-time workers having to save more. It deals with this  [[Page S5700]]  issue of being sure that people aren't outliving their retirement  savings.   Again, of the 50-plus provisions in there, there is a lot that really  helps the people I represent back in Ohio and folks all around the  country. They deserve us in Congress to be focused on these kinds of  issues. This is exactly what people expect us to do here, help them  ensure they have peace of mind in their retirement. We are doing all we  can to provide the incentives to make that happen.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following  leader remarks on Thursday, September 26, the Senate proceed to the  consideration of H.R. 4378; that the only amendment in order be the  Paul amendment No. 942; that the time until 12:15 p.m. be equally  divided in the usual form; that at 12:15 p.m., the Senate vote in  relation to the Paul amendment; and that following disposition of the  amendment, the bill, as amended, if amended, be read a third time and  the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with 60  affirmative votes required for passage.   Finally, I ask unanimous consent that following disposition of H.R.  4378, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration  of the Hyten nomination, with the time until 1:30 p.m. equally divided  between the leaders or their designees; that at 1:30 p.m., the  postcloture time on the Hyten and Scalia nominations be considered  expired and the Senate vote on the nominations in the order listed; and  that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Thursday, September 26; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, morning business be closed, and the Senate  proceed to the consideration of H.R. 4378 under the previous order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:23 p.m., adjourned until  Thursday, September 26, 2019, at 10 a.m.   