 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the issues of  fairness, of equality, and of basic dignity.   In the greatest Nation on Earth and the leader of the free world,  women are paid 80 cents for every dollar paid to men--80 cents for  every dollar. That disparity is starker yet for women of color. Black  women are paid 61 cents on the dollar. Latina women are paid just 53  cents on the dollar. Alabama, my home State, has the fourth biggest  gender wage gap of any State in the country. That is just inexcusable.   Those cents add up to real money, about $10,000 on average for every  woman working a full-time year-round job. That is a total of about $900  million lost each year for American women--every single year, a total  of $900 million. That is real money, and that is increasing.   This gap persists regardless of education status and across different  jobs, opportunities, and industries. It persists despite laudable  efforts here in Congress over the past 50 years to start chipping away  at this problem.   Most importantly, these lost wages impact women's ability to pay  their rent or mortgages, to save for their children's college tuition,  or to pay off existing debt. Think about this. This disparity can have  lifelong consequences for the quality of life of women and their  families.   Fortunately, there are steps we can take that have already had  tremendous support.   I want to bring this home a little bit because we were looking at  some statistics recently. If you factor in the fact that women are  making so much less--a total of $900 million; think about this--this is  not just a matter of discrimination. It is a matter of economics.  According to a 2015 Center for American Progress report, 42 percent of  mothers were the sole or primary breadwinners for their families in  2015, bringing in at least--at least--half of their family's incomes.  Black and Latina mothers are more likely to be the breadwinners than  White mothers. In fact, 70.7 percent of Black mothers and 40.5 percent  of Latina mothers were the primary or sole breadwinners in 2015,  compared with 37.4 percent of White mothers.   Not all of those women are going to be the subject of pay  discrimination. We know that. But the fact is that there is likely to  be a huge percentage. If there is $900 million, that is a pretty big  percentage. By equalizing the pay for men and women--equal pay for  equal work, which we all talk about but which in theory and in practice  just doesn't happen--we can raise the standard of living for families  across this country, and we can raise the standard of living for  families in a State like Alabama, where it is desperately needed.   These disparities, as I said, can have lifelong consequences for the  quality of life of women and their families. Fortunately, there are  steps that have already been taken.   Just yesterday, I was proud to join my colleague Senator Murray and a  host of others--in fact, I think it is almost all Democrats in the  Senate, all Democrats in the House, and one Republican in the House--to  reintroduce the Paycheck Fairness Act, a modest, commonsense solution  to the problem of pay inequity which persists despite the existence of  Federal and State equal pay laws.   Introduction of the Paycheck Fairness Act also just so happened to  fall on the day after the 10th anniversary of the signing of the Lilly  Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. The group who introduced this bill yesterday  was joined here in Washington by Ms. Ledbetter herself.   Lilly Ledbetter, from Alabama, is a great friend of mine and a native  Alabamian. She was born in Jacksonville, AL, about an hour and a half  hour from where I grew up, just outside of Birmingham, in Fairfield.  She married her husband Charles after graduating from high school, and  they had two children, Vicky and Phillip.   After almost 20 years working at the Goodyear Tire and Rubber plant  in Gadsden, AL, just as she was nearing retirement, Ms. Ledbetter  learned she was making thousands of dollars a year less than the men in  her same position. She decided to take some action. She sued to try to  get her backpay and to try to end that discrimination. The case went  all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.   Unfortunately, the Court found that her claims were time-barred  because she hadn't filed a lawsuit 180 days from the day of her first  paycheck, 20 years earlier, even though she was totally unaware of the  discrimination that existed for that 20-year period.   Because of her fight--which, again, she took all the way to the  Supreme  [[Page S793]]  Court of the United States--Congress ultimately passed in 2009 the  Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which restarts the 180-day clock every  time a discriminatory paycheck is issued.   Now, for the 12th time, Congress has introduced the Paycheck Fairness  Act, which ensures robust protection against sex-based pay  discrimination. This vital legislation has been introduced in every  single congressional session since 1997. It is absolutely inexcusable  that versions of this very commonsense bill have had to be introduced  12 times and that it has yet to become law.   The Paycheck Fairness Act would require employers to prove that  disparities in pay are job-related and necessary and not based on sex.  It would make it illegal to retaliate against workers for discussing  their wages.   It doesn't require employers to make wages public, unlike all of us  who work for the government. It doesn't require that. It doesn't make  them public, but it does make it illegal to retaliate against workers  who simply discuss how much money they are making.   It would amend the Equal Pay Act of 1963 so that wronged workers can  participate in class-action lawsuits challenging systemic--systemic-- pay discrimination. It would also prohibit employers from relying on  salary history in determining future pay so that pay discrimination  doesn't follow women from job to job. Finally, this legislation would  help businesses to facilitate equal pay practices.   Earlier this month, a historic number of women were sworn in to the  116th Congress--a historic number. Women are increasingly the primary  breadwinner or the cobreadwinner in their families. Statistics are  showing that every year those numbers increase. They cannot afford to  get shortchanged.   The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 was an essential step  forward in the fight for equal pay. I am proud, as we commemorate the  10th anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, to once again be  a cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which will continue the fight  started by my friend Ms. Ledbetter more than 20 years ago and provide  employees and employers--employees and employers--with new tools to  battle pay gaps and pay discrimination.   Yesterday, Ms. Ledbetter came by to visit the office, as she always  does. She comes by to see me. We were talking about this. My wife  Louise was there, and we were having a discussion about how she was  doing and how the bill 10 years ago affected her and so many others,  and she made a really interesting statement.   She said: You know, I really don't want to be here, Senator.   Actually, she called me Doug. That is what she does, and she should.   She said: I don't want to be here. I shouldn't have to be here. I  shouldn't have to come up to the Congress of the United States every  year simply to advocate for equal pay for women who are doing the same  job as the men. I would prefer to be home, back in Alabama, playing  with the family and the grandkids. I don't need to be here.   It really struck me: Why are we doing this every year? What could be  the possible reason?   Then, this morning, I was doing a media call with some folks back in  Alabama, and I was asked about this. There was a recent editorial in  one of our media and in our newspapers. As is it always with all of the  comments online, which these days I just refuse to read because they  get so crazy, there were so many that talked about the fact that this  is just fake news--that women really aren't treated differently and  that their pay is not below. I couldn't believe it. Every statistic  shows that.   My response to that is, also, this: If that is the case, then no one  should be afraid of this bill. If every business is treating their  women employees as fair as their men, they shouldn't worry about this.  They should encourage it, because we know there will be some out there  that are not doing it.   So if this is fake news, all the better. Let's pass this bill. Let's  make sure we have in law the opportunity for women to get those equal  wages.   I have a daughter who is getting into the workforce after getting a  Ph.D. She deserves the same pay as the Ph.D.s with similar experience  wherever she ends up in colleges or universities.   I have two granddaughters, Ever and Ollie, whom I want to grow up in  a world where they don't have to worry about this, where they don't  have to come to Congress in 30 years or 40 years--just like Ms. Lily  Ledbetter has to do each year--to advocate for women and their rights,  to make sure their families are taken care of in the same manner as  their male counterparts' families.   It is the least we can do for the women in our country who work so  hard, who represent the backbone of the American way with their  families, who raise their children, who work hard and do all of those  things we need to be proud of. It is the least we can do to simply say:  The Congress of the United States acknowledges you, we appreciate you,  and we want to make sure you are treated fairly.   I would urge all of my colleagues--particularly my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle--to get behind this legislation, and let's get  this passed this year so that we don't have to worry about it again.   I yield the floor.   