 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Arizona  for the time, and thank him for bringing this issue to the forefront.   Madam Speaker, I am distressed by the lack of numbers in the Chamber  right now because this truly is the greatest threat to the security of  this Nation that we face.   When I ran for office last fall, I promised the citizens of  Virginia's Sixth Congressional District that I would reintroduce 4  words to Washington: ``We can't afford it.'' These are four words that  have been needed to have been repeated over the last 22 years, as the  last time a Federal budget with a surplus was signed into law was 1997.    In Virginia, where I served in the House of Delegates until last  year, we are required to balance our budget each year. And because we  have placed a priority on fiscal responsibility, Virginia is frequently  listed among the best states in which to do business.   In contrast, the Federal Government has an outstanding public debt of  more than $22 trillion. Every year, since 1997, Congress has failed to  maintain a fiscally responsible budget and, instead, has relied too  much on raising the debt ceiling.   Because of this practice, on August 5, 2011, the credit rating of the  United States was reduced by Standard & Poor's from AAA to AA+, and has  remained at that level ever since.   Virginia, through its fiscal responsibility, has maintained its AAA  bond rating, one of only a few States to have that honor.   Not only is the current practice of not passing a balanced budget  fiscally irresponsible, it poses a threat to our national security. As  part of his National Security Strategy, President Trump has highlighted  the need to reduce the national debt through fiscal responsibility, and  I commend him for it.   In September 2011, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,  Michael Mullen warned: ``I believe the single biggest threat to our  national security is debt.'' And at that time, our national debt was  close to $15 trillion. Now, almost 10 years later, our national debt  has increased by $7 trillion, a 46 percent increase.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand with Congressman Biggs, my fellow  cosponsors, and a bipartisan group of national security leaders, in  support of this resolution:   Recognizing that the national debt is, indeed, a threat to the  national security of the United States;   Recognizing that deficits are unsustainable, irresponsible, and  dangerous; and   Committing Congress to restoring regular order in the appropriations  process and addressing the fiscal crisis faced by the United States.  The future of our great republic depends on it.   