 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 6 minutes prior to the scheduled vote.    Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the President's  nominee for Secretary of the Interior, David Bernhardt. Once again,  instead of draining the swamp, President Trump is flooding the swamp  with a whole new breed of corporate-sponsored creatures. Already, we  have a former coal lobbyist running the Environmental Protection  Agency. We have chemical lobbyists running the EPA's chemical safety  programs. And unless we put the brakes on Mr. Bernhardt's nomination,  soon we will have a fossil fuel lobbyist running the Department of  Interior.   For a State like New Jersey, which depends on a healthy, vibrant  coastal  [[Page S2420]]  economy, Mr. Bernhardt's extensive ties to the fossil fuel industry are  troubling, to say the least.   The Secretary of the Interior is charged with the stewardship of  public lands and waters and safeguarding our natural resources for  generations to come. Yet the Washington Post has reported that Mr.  Bernhardt has so many conflicts of interest that he must carry a card  around just to keep track of them. Think about that. Mr. Bernhardt has  such deep ties to fossil fuel companies with business pending before  the Interior Department that he cannot keep track of them.   How Mr. Bernhardt would approach his position if confirmed as  Secretary of Interior is no mystery. During his time as Acting  Secretary, he has gained a reputation as a general in the Trump  administration's war on science. Reports suggest that he has suppressed  scientific evidence in order to benefit corporate interests at the  expense of environmental protection.   Rather than be responsive to Congress about our concerns, Mr.  Bernhardt has displayed a stunning lack of transparency. Like many  Trump nominees, he has failed to respond to basic inquiries from  Congress. For example, on March 20, I sent a letter--along with Senator  Feinstein, Senator Merkley, and 15 of our colleagues--requesting that  the Acting Secretary respond to a series of questions about his views  on offshore drilling. With his hearing in the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee quickly approaching, we asked Mr. Bernhardt to  respond prior to coming before Congress. This way, committee members  could have at least a baseline understanding of his views while  crafting their questions. We received no response.   Mr. Bernhardt then came and testified before the committee. He could  have used the opportunity to enlighten us about his views on offshore  drilling. He chose not to. Now, 3 weeks later, we still lack answers,  even as the majority seeks to confirm him as Secretary of the Interior.   When an individual seeking confirmation by the Senate refuses to  answer basic questions posed by 18 Senators, that should be a red flag  for all of us. The questions that were asked weren't technical. They  weren't ``gotcha'' questions. They were straightforward questions about  one of the most fundamental jobs the Secretary of the Interior has--the  stewardship of our Nation's coastal waters.   We asked Acting Secretary Bernhardt: Do you support opening up any or  all of the Atlantic Ocean to offshore oil and gas exploration,  development, or production? No response.   We posed the same question about the Pacific, the Arctic, and the  eastern Gulf of Mexico. Again, no response.   We asked the Acting Secretary if he would commit to meeting with the  Governors of States in which he proposes to drill for oil. No response.   We asked if he would commit to meaningful public hearings in States  impacted by offshore oil drilling. No response.   We asked how he could reconcile the opposition to offshore drilling  of every Atlantic and Pacific Governor--Democrat and Republican--with  President Trump's goal of opening all of those waters to drilling.  Again, we got no response.   We asked whether the Acting Secretary could confirm to us that the  Trump administration's revisions to the well control rule--the one  major safety reform put in place after the Deepwater Horizon disaster-- wouldn't denigrate safety. No response.   I will not risk it. I will not risk New Jersey's $44 billion tourism  industry. I will not risk over $800 billion in coastal property values.  I will not risk a recreation and commercial fishing industry that  supports 50,000 jobs in my State. I will not risk the economies of  shore towns up and down the coast of New Jersey and the entire  Atlantic. I will not risk the lives and livelihoods that depend on  clean coastal waters because that is what we are risking if we vote for  Mr. Bernhardt.   I cannot fathom going home to my constituents and telling them that I  gave the nominee for Secretary of the Interior a free pass on basic  questions about the job he is applying for.   With the radio silence from this nominee on offshore drilling, I have  no reason to believe Mr. Bernhardt will deviate from the path chartered  by this administration. Every Member of this Chamber knows what that  path looks like.   We have seen the weakening of protections put in place after the BP  oilspill, endangering the safety of workers and the livelihood of our  vibrant coastlines. We will see the start of seismic blasting in search  of oil up and down our coasts without any concern for the devastating  impact on wildlife and our fisheries. We will see the finalization of  President Trump's offshore drilling plan--one that would open the  entire Atlantic Ocean, the entire Pacific Ocean, the entire Gulf of  Mexico, and the entire Arctic Ocean to offshore drilling. If this plan  comes to fruition, sooner or later we will see another crisis of the  magnitude of the Deepwater Horizon.   My friends, my colleagues, this is not a matter of if; it is a matter  of when. When that day comes, every Member of this Chamber who  supported David Bernhardt is going to have to answer to their  constituents, to the shore businesses who see their livelihoods washed  away in a slick of oil, to the fishermen who are suddenly out of a job  through no fault of their own, to coastal towns that see their  communities and the tourism and recreation industries their economies  depend on wiped out.   I refuse to take that risk. A vote for David Bernhardt is a vote for  offshore drilling. I ask my colleagues to oppose his nomination.   I yield the floor.   