 Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to speak in support of  H.R. 502, the Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act, or the  FIND Trafficking Act.   First, I would like to commend Representative Vargas for sponsoring  this bipartisan legislation, and I would also like to thank my  colleague from Missouri (Mrs. Wagner), for her important work on this  bill.   As the father of three daughters, including one at James Madison  University, who is currently working on a project utilizing technology  to combat human trafficking, it is deeply concerning to me that sex  traffickers and drug smugglers have seamless access to the financial  system through the use of virtual currencies.   Virtual currencies were created to meet legitimate market demand, but  have increasingly become the preferred method of payment for illicit  goods and services facilitated by the dark web. Virtual currencies  appeal to criminals because of their versatility and ability to provide  anonymity during transactions.   According to the International Labour Organization, in 2016, 4.8  million people in this world were victims of forced sexual  exploitation. In 2014, the global profit from commercial sexual  exploitation was $99 billion. Additionally, a 2015 Treasury Department  report estimated that $64 billion is generated annually just from the  United States in drug trafficking sales.   This bill calls for the Comptroller General to conduct a study on how  virtual currencies and online marketplaces are being used to facilitate  sex and drug trafficking, and how these funds are repatriated into the  banking system.   By enacting this legislation, Congress will be taking a much-needed  step to better understand the methods and tactics used by criminals.  This information will be critical to law enforcement efforts to thwart  sex traffickers, drug dealers, terrorists, and other bad actors. Mr.  Speaker, I strongly support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, special thanks to the chair and to the  ranking member for their leadership on this. I would also like to thank  Representative Budd for sponsoring this bipartisan legislation and  thank my colleagues across the aisle, Representatives Lynch and Soto,  for their important work on this bill as well.   While I may be new to Congress, I am all too familiar with terrorist  threats and the danger they pose to the safety and security of our  Nation. I served my country in the Air Force as an intelligence officer  and worked to track down terrorists after 9/11. I also supported  ``follow the money'' analysis and operations related to terrorist  financing.   One of the key components that allows terrorists to organize and  execute their missions is financing. As financial technology, or  fintech, evolves, so do the opportunities for criminals to take  advantage of the financial system.   H.R. 56 calls for financial regulators, law enforcement, and private- sector experts to come together to create the Fintech Task Force to  Combat Terrorism and Illicit Finance. This task force is charged with  developing innovative methods to track, prevent, and prosecute  terrorists that use digital currencies and other financial technologies  to advance their agenda.   Technology is integral to everyday life for consumers, businesses,  and governments, which is why it is critical that experts from law  enforcement and the private sector come together to protect our  financial system from terrorists and other bad actors.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons and many others, I strongly support  this bill.   