 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment removes the Pacific  Coast for the total moratorium on oil exploration imposed under this  legislation.   It will make my California Democratic colleagues' heads explode, but  there are also many other reasons to support this amendment.   California is already pursuing these Green New Deal policies  pioneered by Jerry Brown and Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Californians  are now paying among the highest electricity and gasoline prices in the  country as a result.   In the last decade, while U.S. oil production has grown 130 percent,  it has declined in California by 20 percent. In 2000, California  produced 50 percent of the petroleum it consumed every year--50  percent. That figure is now down to 30 percent.   In 2000, California imported 25 percent of its oil from foreign  countries. Today, it imports 60 percent. In just the last year,  California's oil purchases from Saudi Arabia ballooned from 98 million  barrels to 135 million barrels. These foolish policies are contributing  to one of the highest unemployment rates, the largest homeless  population, and the highest effective poverty rate in our Nation.   Yet, leasing the 240 million acres that are currently off limits  could support an additional 165,000 jobs and inject $15 billion into  our economy every year.   President Trump reversed the Obama-era war on energy, and last year  America became the largest petroleum producer on the planet, outpacing  both Saudi Arabia and Russia for the first time.  [[Page H7616]]    These policies are also contributing to the lowest unemployment rates  for Americans of African and Hispanic heritage in our Nation's history,  rising wages after an entire lost decade of economic stagnation, and an  overall rate of economic growth almost twice what we are seeing in  Europe or that we saw under the Obama Administration.   And let us consider the environment. California's coastal waters  suffer from natural oil seepage of 86,000 barrels a year into the  Pacific Ocean, the equivalent of one Santa Barbara oil spill every  year. Development of our offshore resources reduces the pressure that  produces seepage.   Having grown up in coastal Ventura County 50 years ago, I can tell  you firsthand of the conspicuous decline in natural seepage that has  occurred in the years since the Channel Islands field opened. And lest  we forget, it is the abundance of natural gas that has reduced our  country's carbon dioxide emissions far below what expensive and  oppressive government regulation has accomplished in Europe.   California leads the Nation?   Let me repeat: While our Nation's oil production is up 130 percent,  California's is down 20 percent. While our Nation has achieved energy  independence, California's reliance on foreign oil has more than  doubled. That is trailing the Nation, not leading it.   My State, that has among the most bountiful oil and natural gas  resources in the Nation, has the least political will to develop them.  I offer this amendment to highlight this point and to warn the rest of  the Nation where it leads. And also--let's be honest--to watch my  California Democratic colleagues set their hair on fire.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time so we can now watch. And  I am ready to close when they are.    Mr. Chair, I readily concede that this amendment is  anathema to the ruling elite in Sacramento. They have had their way  with California. The policies they advocate on the House floor today  are the same policies they have inflicted on my once Golden State  during my lifetime.   Those policies have produced the highest effective poverty rate in  the Nation, among the highest energy prices in the country, and a  historic exodus of Californians fleeing to other States.   The road to Venezuela leads through California, and I urge the rest  of the Nation to ask themselves: Is that really a road they want to  take?   We went down that road in the 1970s. The bill's author is, perhaps,  too young to remember those dark days when our Nation was held hostage  to foreign oil, when cars lined up for blocks to get gas and every  meeting of the OPEC nations was a national crisis.   I check the daily AAA survey of gasoline prices. Today, in  California, the average price of a gallon of regular gasoline is $3.63.  In South Carolina, it is $2.23. That is a $1.40-a-gallon difference,  and I ask the bill's author from South Carolina to consider if his  constituents are ready to enact California policies and then pay for  them through the nozzle.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I respect the bill's author, and I  understand that he is faithfully representing the opinions of the  majority of his district in seeking to permanently place our offshore  petroleum reserves off the coast of his State off-limits to exploration  and development.   All of our Nation's coastlines are beautiful, and they all support  all sorts of tourism, commercial activities, and military activities  important to their local communities and our Nation. For more than a  century, offshore energy development has shown itself to be entirely  compatible with these uses. To suggest that it is in some places but  not in others is manifestly silly and wrong.   For 22 years in the California Legislature, I represented  California's Channel Islands, including the Santa Barbara Channel,  which, by the way, is the home of the Pacific missile test range.   Yes, in 1969, an outdated drilling technology produced the third- largest oil spill ever recorded, devastating tourism and fishing that  year. I fully understand the fears of the supporters of this bill. But  a little perspective is needed.   The economic losses caused by the spill were fully compensated, and  the environmental damage was quickly healed. I might add that the  second-largest oil spill in history was the wreck of the oil tanker  Exxon Valdez, which is the alternative to offshore production.   For more than 50 years, offshore production in the Channel Islands  has been an immense positive for the region and is entirely compatible  with military operations there. It has supported thousands of jobs; it  has pumped a fortune into the local economy; and it has generated  enormous revenues for local, State, and Federal coffers.   By the way, if you ask any sports fisherman in the region where the  best fishing is, he will tell you that it is by the rigs.   I am not here today to argue for what is right for local communities  in other States and other regions. I understand that offshore  production suffers from what Bastiat called the paradox of the seen and  unseen. We see the danger of a blowout like Santa Barbara in 1969 or  the Deepwater Horizon in 2010. But what we don't see are the enormous  economic benefits generated day in and day out by American energy  production or the critical role it plays in our Nation's prosperity.   This is where the national interest must be put ahead of parochial  ``not in my backyard'' protests. Procedures have been long established  to ensure that offshore production can occur alongside commercial  fishing, recreation, and, yes, military testing and training. They have  proven themselves to be entirely compatible during many decades of  practical experience.    Indeed, one of the many ironies of this NIMBY movement is that  commercial fishing and military operations are  [[Page H7627]]  highly dependent on precisely the abundant and affordable petroleum  produced by offshore drilling, so too, by the way, is the Land and  Water Conservation Fund.   Offshore production is the main funding source for this program, and  another shortsighted irony is that the same markup that produced this  bill to shut down offshore production off the Florida coast also  permanently reauthorized the very fund that depends on offshore  production for its very existence.   If the Congress were to enact a permanent moratorium on production  for one part of our coastline, it begs the question: Why are some  people more equal than others?   Madam Chair, we are all advocates for our local districts, and the  bill's author is an able and respected advocate for his. But our  collective responsibility as Congress is not to local interests but to  the national interest, and it is in the national interest that our  Nation is energy independent, prosperous, and strong. This bill  undermines these vital national objectives.   