 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs.  Carolyn B. Maloney) for yielding and for hosting this Special Order  hour.   Really, much of Congresswoman Maloney's career here and legacy of  service in the House of Representatives, while focused passionately on  a lot of other issues that are very important, certainly is one that is  filled with much success in advocating on behalf of the New York  community and for first responders all across America for important  priorities post-9/11. So I thank her for all of her leadership, because  a lot of that benefits my constituents as well on the East End, but,  really, for all of us as Americans.   As we are here right now, all across New York, across my district,  across our country, people are gathering, men and women who remember  exactly where they were and how they felt, what they saw, what they  heard, and also, kids who weren't even born yet, learning for the first  time those stories of what was experienced on September 11, 2001.   We often talk about our Nation's Greatest Generation. I was at Army  Reserve duty this past weekend, and I was talking to one officer who  said that his life--not just his military career, but his life--is  broken up into two parts: There was the part of his life until  September 11, 2001, and the part of his life after September 11, 2001.    It is a challenge for that generation serving post-9/11 to try to  fill the shoes of our Nation's Greatest Generation, those who have  served in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, peacetime, wartime, many great  Americans through generations.   It is so important for us to honor and remember the victims of  September 11, 2001, to honor and remember those with courage who ran up  while other people were running down, who ran toward danger, ignoring  orders to go in the opposite direction at the ultimate risk of their  own life.   And also, it is important for us to honor all of the men and women  who have served in our Nation's military. Think of that man or that  woman that next morning who had a successful career, a stable family,  and they went to their local recruiter's office to sign up to serve  and, ultimately, gave their life in that cause. There has been so much  sacrifice since 9/11.   As we gather together on this 18th anniversary here in the House  Chamber, this morning starting with a moment of silence and a singing  of ``God Bless America,'' when we say ``never forget,'' we have to  ensure that every single day that we are honoring the legacy of all  those lives cut short too soon, that we are paying tribute to those  first responders with an enormous amount of courage, and that we are  honoring those men and women who still serve to this day, those who  have paid the ultimate sacrifice, our Gold Star families, our Blue Star  families, past, present, and future.   As that lieutenant colonel told me this past weekend, for him, where  he separated his life into service before  9/11 and service after, life before 9/11 and life after, know that  right now we have men and women who are overseas who were 1 year old or  2 years old and their entire life have only known the post-9/11  reality, and yet they want nothing else but service.   So I think this 18th anniversary is not just about what happened on  that day and the days and the weeks and the months that followed, but  it is also about where we are today.  [[Page H7655]]    Finally, I would say this: While we talk about the lives that were  lost that day, there is an important lesson with the justice that was  served to follow, for anyone who seeks to break down this country, to  tear apart what binds us together as Americans, the ultimate justice  will be delivered to them abroad, because America is strong.   New Yorkers are strong, but as Americans, we will come together; we  will unite; we will fight to protect our freedoms and our liberties.  And it is not about Republican or Democrat, conservative or liberal; it  is about us as Members of this body and as Americans outside of this  body to unite for a cause so much greater than ourselves, the greatest  Nation in the world.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank Mrs. Maloney for her leadership through  the years to ensure that, in so many ways, our first responders,  families, victims are all being fought for successfully in the Halls of  this great Chamber, and all of our colleagues on both sides of the  aisle who have assisted Mrs. Maloney in her important efforts. I thank  the gentlewoman for hosting today's Special Order hour.   