 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 377, I call  up the bill (H.R. 5) to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex,  gender identity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material on H.R. 5.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5, the Equality  Act, which amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and other core civil  rights statutes to explicitly prohibit discrimination on the basis of  sexual orientation and gender identity. The bill would also strengthen  nondiscrimination protections for women and others.   Today is a historic day: the first time a comprehensive LGBTQ civil  rights bill has come to the floor of the House. This long overdue  legislation will provide millions of LGBTQ Americans protections from  being denied medical care, fired from their jobs, or thrown out of  their homes simply because of who they are.   Much of the history of the United States has been about expanding the  definition of who is understood to be included when the Declaration of  Independence says, ``all men are created equal.''   When these words were first written, that phrase did not include  Black and Latino men; it did not include Native Americans; it did not  include women; and it certainly did not include LGBTQ individuals.   At this moment, we have an opportunity to continue our march towards  justice, to enshrine in our Nation's laws protections for marginalized  communities to ensure that everyone can fully participate in key areas  of life and to provide them recourse in the face of discrimination.   Despite what opponents to the bill may say, we know these protections  can work. We know that our existing Federal nondiscrimination laws have  helped millions of Americans.   We know that protections for sexual orientation and gender identity  have worked in more than 20 States and that, in these places, women  still have rights, religious freedom is still protected, parents are  still involved in their children's healthcare, and doctors are still  free to exercise their professional medical judgment. Transgender  individuals play sports, and sometimes they win and sometimes they  lose, just like everyone else.   But the ability to have a job, to receive medical care, or to rent a  home should not depend on who someone is or where they happen to live.  We cannot accept the situation where anyone in this country can get  married on Sunday and legally be fired on Monday because of who they  love.   For decades, the LGBTQ community has been coming to Congress to tell  us their stories. We have heard of transgender women being fired from  their jobs, lesbian couples being kicked out of their homes, and gay  men being denied medical care. It is time we stop asking them to come  to the Capitol just to defend their existence.   The question before us is not whether the LGBTQ community faces  outrageous and immoral discrimination, for the record shows that it  clearly does. The question is whether we, as Congress, are willing to  take action to do something about it. The answer goes straight to the  heart of who we want to be as a country, and today, that answer must be  a resounding and unequivocal ``yes.''   To the thousands of LGBTQ people who have shared their stories, I  say: Thank you for your bravery. Thank you for reliving your trauma to  help build the case for this legislation--to build the case for  expanding freedom in this country.   We hear you; we see you; we believe you. And we will continue  fighting for you.   I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Representative Cicilline)  for his tireless leadership in introducing this bill and helping to  shepherd it through the legislative process.   I urge my colleagues to support this landmark legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline), the sponsor of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Rhode Island an  additional 1 minute.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the chair of the Education and Labor  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan), the cochair of the Equality Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a senior member of the Committee on the  Judiciary.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, anybody who says that this bill would  dictate to the churches what they may preach or practice doesn't know  what he is talking about.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Jeffries), the chair of the Democratic Caucus and a senior member  of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to gentleman from Maryland  (Mr. Raskin), a distinguished member of the Committee on the Judiciary.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Garcia), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the distinguished Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Stanton), who is a distinguished member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah  (Mr. McAdams).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Stevens).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin).   (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Lynch).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Maine (Ms. Pingree).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Shalala).    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Engel), the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Colorado (Ms. DeGette).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Neguse), a distinguished member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean), a distinguished member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have left?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Mexico (Mr. Lujan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis), the conscience of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I was going to ask the gentleman the same  thing. I have no further speakers. I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this morning, we have heard phantom fears about the  allegedly harmful effects of the Equality Act on religious freedom and  women's rights. If these fears had any basis in reality, the Equality  Act would not have been endorsed by more than 500 civil rights, women's  rights, religious, medical, and other national and State organizations,  including the American Medical Association, the Central Conference of  American Rabbis, the Episcopal Church, the Lawyers Committee for Civil  Rights Under Law, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights,  the NAACP, the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence, the National  Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs, the National Women's Law Center,  NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, the Rabbinical Assembly, and  the United Methodist Church's General Board of Church and Society.    It has also been endorsed by dozens of business associations,  including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of  Manufacturers, and the Sports and Fitness Industry Association.   Mr. Speaker, the time has come to proclaim liberty and equality  throughout the land.   Mr. Speaker, I now commend the bill to the judgment of the House, and  I commend the House to the judgment of history.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   