 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, there is a host of things wrong with bringing this  bill to the floor. By bringing forth the Senate version of this bill,  it completely ignores all of the work this subcommittee has done over  the past year. It ignores Members' priorities, and all of the testimony  that we received that served as the basis of the House version of the  Agriculture bill.   I will name a few examples of what this looks like. First, for the  Food and Drug Administration, Madam Speaker, the House bill included  $3.1 billion for the FDA. The Senate bill before us today includes $2.9  billion.   The additional $149 million in the original House bill supported a  number of medical product initiatives above the level in the Senate  bill, including initiatives like the promotion of domestic  manufacturing, the new domestic drug industry, and the new medical data  enterprise initiative.   Madam Speaker, the higher levels in the Republican bill are critical  to helping industry advance medical products to the marketplace sooner,  safer, and with greater efficiency. The ultimate beneficiary is the  American consumer or patient.   Lastly, an issue that is very important to my home State of  Mississippi and the Nation at large: rural broadband. The House  Republican bill made a major investment in a broadband pilot program  for rural America. We included $550 million to expand broadband  infrastructure for some of our country's most underserved communities.   The appropriation in this bill before us today falls short of meeting  this critical priority. Madam Speaker, ultimately bringing the Senate  version of this bill to the floor is just plain lazy, as it ignores the  will of this House and all of the hard work Members from both sides of  the aisle have put into this process.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, there are a host of things wrong with bringing this bill  to the floor. By bringing forth the Senate version of this bill, it  completely ignores all of the work this committee has done over the  past year, ignoring Members' priorities as well as testimonies, both of  which serve as the basis of the House version of the T-HUD bill. I will  name a few examples.   The Choice Neighborhoods program receives $50 million less in the  Senate bill before us today. The Choice Neighborhoods initiative works  to address the problems of growing poverty in high-poverty  neighborhoods. It provides flexible resources for local leaders to help  transform their distressed neighborhoods into mixed-income, successful  neighborhoods.   Also notably missing from the Senate bill is a very important family  mobility demonstration project. Low-income families and voucher holders  are often concentrated in high-poverty neighborhoods with limited  education, transportation, and employment opportunities. The  demonstration project absent from the Senate bill utilizes the voucher  platform to target families with children and enable them to move to  neighborhoods with greater economic opportunities.   There are also several provisions in the House report that are  missing from the Senate version.   As a former deputy director for a public housing authority in  Mississippi, I can tell you that these commonsense provisions would  vastly improve the lives of not only our dedicated PHA employees, but  also the lives of their tenants at a time when PHAs are stretched thin  and do not have the operating or the capital funds necessary to meet  HUD's ever growing list of demands.   As it relates to operating funds, HUD's current method for  calculating formula income and utility expenses for PHAs in no way  reflects the reality that many experience locally, particularly for  PHAs that serve large elderly and disabled populations. The House  language directs HUD to submit a report outlining alternatives for  operating fund calculations so that PHAs already strapped for cash do  not continue to lose money because of a one-size-fits-all approach.   Lastly, for years now, the T-HUD package has contained a provision  prohibiting funds for HUD's physical needs assessment, an onerous and  costly requirement that increases administrative burdens on PHAs and,  as time has shown, has no operational benefit for local housing  programs.   These may seem trivial to some, but these are vitally important to  the people they affect.   Mr. Speaker, these are not Republican priorities; these are  bipartisan priorities. We owe it to the Members of this body who worked  hard on these provisions and many others to consider these bills  properly and through the conference process. Bringing the Senate  version of this bill to the floor ignores the will of this House and  all the hard work Members from both sides of the aisle have put into  the process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the legislation.   