 Mr. President, first of all, I want to say how much I  appreciate Senator Ernst. When she talks about veterans, she talks  about her own experience but also the veterans she has served with and  sees every day. This goes to the heart of her great dedication to the  people who are currently serving.   Veterans Day is a day that we come to celebrate every year. It is a  national holiday, but in so many ways, it is uniquely a local holiday.  Events across Missouri and across all of our States are dramatically  different based on where you are and the way that community, over time  or maybe on a special occasion, has decided this is going to be the way  they are uniquely going to celebrate Veterans Day. These ceremonies  often include gestures of respect that are repeated over and over  again, and that is exactly what you should do with respect. Respect  doesn't wear out. We lay wreaths. We play music. We pledge to the flag,  I think in many unique ways on Veterans Day, as we think about those  who have been willing to defend that flag at all costs. There may be a  21-gun salute. There may be a parade.   There are lots of different ways we celebrate, and every community  honors its own neighbors in a different way. If you grew up in that  community and you look at the wall with the community members' names or  you look at the register at the courthouse with the names of those who  gave their lives in one of our wars, you recognize those names. They  are the last names of the people you went to school with. They are the  last names of the people you grew up alongside of. They are often the  names of families who still live in that community.   I was thinking about this, and I thought about a name that was given  to one of my good friends. His middle name was after his uncle who had  died in World War II, and he didn't particularly like his middle name.  One day, he said to my dad: ``I hate that name. I don't like my middle  name. I wish it wasn't my middle name.'' What he didn't know was that  my dad was on his uncle's basketball team. My dad quickly pointed that  out. He said: ``Your uncle was one of the finest young men I ever knew,  and he never got to be an older man because he gave his life in World  War II.'' When my friend was born 15 years later, his family wanted to  remember the name of that person who served and made the ultimate  sacrifice. Those are the kinds of things we think about in communities  on Veterans Day.   I will be going to several events--one at Camdenton High School in  Camdenton, MO. They will be recognizing 32 veterans at that event. They  will also be recognizing the new Junior ROTC Program at the high  school. When talking about local character, that is sort of what we are  talking about. In Camdenton, they are honoring not only those who  served and sacrificed previously but also a new generation that is  stepping up and willing to serve among those being recognized on  Veterans Day.   I am going to go to a ceremony in Wright County, which is just a  little bit down the road, just an hour and 15 minutes away from  Camdenton. In that ceremony, they are dedicating a new Wright County  Patriots Memorial in Hartville. The memorial honors people from the  area who served and died in every conflict from the Civil War to the  War on Terror. The organizers have made it clear that this is a day of  celebration and honor, not of sorrow. It is a day to celebrate those  who served. Some got their names on the wall. Others didn't give their  lives in conflict but were willing to put on the uniform and go through  the training and in many cases into dangerous situations. Maybe they  didn't have to make the ultimate sacrifice, but on Veterans Day, we  recognize veterans who were willing to serve. That is exactly what  Veterans Day should be.   This will be the 100th anniversary of the first Veterans Day, which  was originally called Armistice Day. It was Armistice Day because it  commemorated the end of World War I. World War I was called The Great  War, and it was called The War to End All Wars. That is not what  happened, but that is what people thought, in the hours after World War  I, might have happened. It was so horrible, so terrible, and so many  lives were lost that they thought it might be the war to end all wars.  It ended on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month, 100 years  ago.    The United States lost 116,000 people in the relatively short time we  were in that war. We got in the war late. We made a difference in the  war, but 116,000 people were lost in that period of time, in that truly  grueling battle in World War I. Another 200,000 U.S. troops were  wounded in that war.   The first Veterans Day 1 year later was not about what was lost; it  was a celebration of what was won. It began with the end of the war. It  reaffirmed a commitment to democracy. On that first holiday 100 years  ago, President Wilson said that ``the reflections of Armistice Day will  be filled with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the  country's service and with gratitude for victory.'' We remember the  heroism of those who were lost and all who were willing to serve, and,  as on that first anniversary of the end of World War I, we remember the  victory that was achieved. We use this occasion to honor and remember  our veterans with pride and gratitude.   I am glad we are continuing to build new memorials, like the one in  Wright County. I am glad we continue to honor people who are willing to  serve, like the recognition of the new JROTC Program at Camdenton High  School.   A lot of things have changed in the 100 years since the end of World  War I, but the point is, Veterans Day hasn't changed. This is not  something Americans used to do; this is something we continue to do,  and, as Senator Ernst said so well, it is something we need to do every  day.   Veterans Day is a special day of recognition, but we need to ensure  that veterans have what they need while they are serving, and once they  become veterans, we need to make sure they have everything they were  promised and then some, including every access to healthcare that they  were promised.   I think we have successfully expanded not only the kind of healthcare  people can get but also the way they can get their healthcare, respect  and appreciation, remembrance of what they did and how that might have  led to a behavioral health challenge or a health challenge of some  other kind, and a country willing to step up for those who were willing  to step up for us.   I yield the floor.   