 Mr. President, I appreciate my friend, the Senator from  Maryland, yielding time. I appreciate the fact that this may be the  first time, at least in the last few weeks, where a group of Senators  from both sides of the aisle are actually coming together to find  agreement--not to score ``gotcha'' points but to find agreement. I  promised the Senator I would be very brief.   It is clear this government shutdown needs to come to an end. My hope  would be that as we move toward that conclusion, we will also look at  the issues revolving around, particularly, low-paid Federal contractors  who will get no relief when the government reopens. I also hope we can  work together.   I have legislation called the Stop STUPIDITY Act. It is a good name.  It may need further amendments that would try to prohibit future  shutdowns being used by either party on a going-forward basis.   What I think we need to do, and I think other colleagues will  acknowledge this, is let's take a 3-week, short-  [[Page S561]]  term CR. Let's consider the President's proposal. Let me be clear. The  President is watching. This Senator will commit to good-faith  negotiations. This Senator will commit to supporting increased border  security beyond what we just voted on in the so-called Democratic  proposal. I hope the President will take that kind of commitment for  increased border security as a good-faith effort and will be responsive  so we can get this government reopened on a short-term basis and that  the kind of horror stories we all can recount about our workers,  contractors, and oftentimes private businesses that surround those  Federal installations--that will see no relief--can actually get their  operations back open.   I thank my friend, the Senator from Maryland, for granting me this  time. I thank the Senator from Alaska for leadership on her time. Let's  see if this eight can go forth and multiply so, before this weekend is  over, we can get our workforce back to work doing the people's  business.   I yield back to the Senator from Maryland.   