 Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this  motion to recommit and in strong support of this underlying  legislation.   Madam Speaker, America's farmers, producers, and ranchers provide the  American people with the safest, most abundant, and most affordable  food supply in the world.   Their job is challenging enough, but for too long, our broken  immigration system has made this job even more difficult. I have heard  from farmers across upstate New York and across the country, sharing  the urgent need for responsible, commonsense action to address the  labor shortage on American farms and ranches.   In fact, every time I visit a farm in my community, immigration is  one of the top issues I hear about from farmers. A shortage of workers  has led to crops rotting in the fields, billions of dollars in lost  productivity, and farmers shuttering their operations.   For too long, the broken politics in Washington have made it  impossible to make progress on bipartisan immigration reform. But  thanks to the tireless work of Congresswoman Lofgren and Congressman  Newhouse, and the engagement of dozens of Members and hundreds of  agricultural and labor stakeholders, we have a solid, bipartisan bill  that finally moves the ball forward.   The Farm Workforce Modernization Act is something people don't think  happens much in Congress anymore, a bipartisan answer to a serious  challenge. Republicans and Democrats came together, worked with each  other, and found a solution that both sides can live with and that  delivers results for American agriculture and workers.  [[Page H10094]]    Our legislation will expand the H-2A visa program to year-round  operations like dairy farms, streamline the program to make it easier  for farmers to use, and strengthen the electronic verification process  to ensure a legal workforce.   It also includes a tough but fair legal status for the existing farm  workforce, allowing agricultural workers to get right with the law. The  bill also includes strong criminal bars, preventing anyone with a  felony conviction or two misdemeanors from obtaining legal status.   Both sides negotiated in good faith, and in the end, we have a  strong, bipartisan bill on the floor to support.   Working together with Democrats and Republicans shows that Congress  can get things done for our farmers. That includes farmers like Mike,  who owns a dairy operation in my district in Homer, New York.   Mike testified in front of the Agriculture Committee earlier this  year and told us in no uncertain terms: ``Agriculture needs a way to  secure a workforce that is steady, willing, able, and legal. We need to  bring the multitude of indispensable agricultural workers who are  already here out of the shadows without major disruption to the  workforce.''   Mike is supporting this bill, and the bill has earned the strong  support of more than 300 agriculture groups from across the country,  the Chamber of Commerce, faith groups, labor groups, and many others.   To my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I would say that we have  a real chance here to deliver a compromise--let me say that word again,  ``compromise''--that will make our country stronger and help grow  American agriculture.   President Ronald Reagan, the last President to sign an agriculture  labor bill into law, once said: ``I've always thought that when we  Americans get up in the morning, when we see bacon, eggs, toast, and  milk on our breakfast table, we should give thanks that our farmers are  survivors. You are the real miracle workers of the modern world-- keepers of an incredible system based on faith, freedom, hard work,  productivity, and profit--a system that feeds us and sustains millions  of the world's hungry.''   Let's get the job done. Let's deliver a win for our American farmers.  Let's oppose this amendment and get this bill passed.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   