 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Let's get one thing clear from the start: the majority should not be  acting like they are doing something that  [[Page H340]]  hasn't already been done. It is not something new. Nothing we do on  title III of the rules package will change what the House has already  voted on and how the court will receive it.   Title III of H. Res. 6 would authorize the Speaker of the House of  Representatives to intervene or take any other legal actions in cases  involving the Affordable Care Act, but in particular, the Texas v.  United States case, where a court recently ruled that the Affordable  Care Act was unconstitutional due to the elimination of the individual  mandate.   If this all sounds familiar to you, it should. Last week, at the  start of the 116th Congress, the House voted on title I of the rules  package that included the same provisions giving the Speaker the same  authority to intervene in the same case.   Actually, the Speaker has already filed three motions to intervene in  the Texas case the same day the rule was passed last week. The fact is,  nothing has changed between last week and today, and the Speaker does  not need to be given this authority again.   But what are the facts?   The facts are that this bill, the Affordable Care Act, was sold to  the American people on a misrepresentation. If you like your doctor,  you can keep your doctor. You may remember that. If you like your  insurance, you can keep your insurance. Your premium is going to be  down by $2,500. And, of course, famously: We've got to pass the bill to  find out what is in it.   As a practical matter, people are forced to buy insurance that they  may not want; that they certainly cannot afford; and, in fact, that  they are afraid to use because the deductible and the copay is so high.   So, again, I am not sure how the House is intervening in the judicial  process to support a failing policy while millions of Americans are  functionally uninsured. I don't understand how that helps us to deliver  better access to care in north Texas and across the country.   Americans should see this for what it is: a facade of the Democrats  who want to revive the individual mandate under the guise of protecting  Americans with preexisting conditions. I think the House can be more  effective in delivering on the promises of the American people. That  should be the goal of this House. It is not the goal of the House  today, unfortunately.   I urge my fellow Members to vote ``no'' on this bill.    Madam Speaker, I would just ask a simple question: What  has happened to your insurance premium since the passage of the  Affordable Care Act? They have gone up. They have gone up a lot.   What has happened to the cost of prescription drugs since the passage  of the Affordable Care Act? They have gone up. They have gone up a lot.   All I would suggest is there was a better way to go about this.  Republicans have offered ideas. It really, really would behoove us to  work on behalf of the American people to solve these problems rather  than to continue to push this bill that has been so unfavorable in the  eyes of so many Americans.   