 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for more  than her kind words. I thank her for her many years of service here in  the House of Representatives. She has acquitted herself as a  Congressperson par excellence: Yale, M.A.; Yale, L.L.B.; in Congress  for, lo, these many years, yet not able to vote as other Congresspeople  do.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that the gentlewoman and I will see the day  that she will cast that first vote. I thank her for all of her  endeavors. I especially thank her for what she is doing for Austin  Tice.   The Tice family, Marc and Debra, are the equivalent of family with  me. I have known them for many years now. I know how sincere they are  with the efforts to bring their son home.   I know of their trips to Lebanon. I know that they have corresponded  with people that some of us might not find suitable for such  correspondence. But because they want their son, they are willing to  talk to anyone who has intelligence that might lead to his return.   I know that they have made a difference in the lives of others who  have friends, relatives, children, if you will, captured because they  have worked with the State Department to help fashion protocols. They  have worked with two Presidents. They want their  [[Page H8779]]  son home, but they also want to see justice for all persons who are  being held captive.   Their son, Austin, is an all-American lad, at 38 years of age now. I  am 71. Anybody under 71 is young to me.   He is an all-American person, if you will. Yes, he has served his  country in the military. Yes, he was an Eagle Scout. Yes, he did attend  Georgetown, Georgetown Law, as a matter of fact. Yes, he was a  freelance journalist.   He was one of those persons who would dare to go to distant places,  dare to risk life and limb so that we might know the truth about  circumstances in places where the eyes of cameras do not pierce.   Yes, he was a person who had the courage, intestinal fortitude, to go  into Syria without the consent of the government. I wish he hadn't done  it, but I understand why he did it. I understand that he wanted to let  people know about the conditions.   I am not sure that he went with preconceived notions, but I am sure  of this: that he would tell the truth, that he would present the truth,  that we would know the truth, whatever that truth might be.   I regret that he has been held captive now for some 7 years. He truly  is a great American.   But more than this, for me, he represents the son I never had. I have  no children. But if I had a son, I would want him to be like Austin  Tice. I would want my son to have the courage to not measure his life  by days and years, not measure his life by heartthrobs, passions, and  tears. I would want my son to use the truest measure under God's Sun,  and that is, what for others in your lifetime have you done?   Austin Tice was trying to help somebody. He wasn't there to help  himself. He wanted to help others. That is the kind of son I would like  to have, a courageous person who would dare to go where others dare  not, a person who understood the risk but also understood the need.   Sometimes people like this have to stand alone, but they know that it  is better to stand alone than not stand at all.   He is a hero. I miss him. His parents miss him. This country misses  him.   I would ask that those who can reach the proper authorities in  Syria--perhaps it is the President. Perhaps there are people who can  get to the President. But I would ask that you would send this message:  As a gesture of goodwill, let Austin Tice come home. As a gesture of an  attempt to span some chasms that have been created, let us bring Austin  Tice back.   This could be the genesis of something bigger than we know, giving  Austin Tice his freedom.   I can tell you this: There are some Members of Congress who will be  appreciative. There are American people who won't forget it. And there  is an opportunity available to mend some fences.   I pray that this word will get to the appropriate authorities.   Mr. President, if this word gets to you, I would have you know that I  am the kind of Congressperson who is willing to come to Syria. I am  willing to come and be there to thank you and to welcome Austin Tice  back into the hands of an agent of the United States Government.   This is a great opportunity. I beg that we take advantage of it.   Mr. and Mrs. Tice, I want you to know that we have not given up. We  will not give in. We want Austin returned, and we will do everything,  and we will leave no stone unturned, until this takes place.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the time.   