 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma.   Madam Speaker, you can imagine my surprise this morning checking the  email and the Health 202, an email put out by The Washington Post--The  Washington Post, for crying out loud--and here is the headline:  ``Democrats Are Putting a Political Pothole in the Way of Bipartisan  Drug Pricing Bills.'' They go on to say: ``ObamaCare battles threaten  even the most bipartisan healthcare efforts on Capitol Hill.''   What a strange turn of events.   So here we have a rule today that will allow a bill to be brought to  the floor where the Democrats are using bipartisan drug pricing bills  to pay for partisan politics.   Look, I am on the Energy and Commerce Committee as well as the Rules  Committee, so I am on the oldest and second oldest committees in the  United States House of Representatives. We worked in a bipartisan  manner to ensure that the BLOCKING Act, the CREATES Act, and the  Protecting Consumer Access to Generic Drugs Act would deliver drug  pricing solutions to Americans.   In the Rules Committee, I offered an amendment that keeps the three  drug policies and uses the savings--some $5 billion from those  policies--to pay for bipartisan public health priorities.   I also introduced the standalone bill, H.R. 2700, if you are keeping  score at home. This is the Lowering Prescription Drug Costs and  Extending Community Health Centers and Other Public Health Priorities  Act. H.R. 2700 couples the bipartisan drug pricing policies with  reauthorization of programs such as community health centers, special  diabetes programs, and the National Health Service Corps.   Every Republican member of the Energy and Commerce Committee is a  cosponsor of H.R. 2700, signifying the broad Republican support for  both the drug pricing and the public health priorities.   Look, it is pretty clear: You can say that it is more important to  have a navigated program that would never pass any cost-benefit  analysis; you can say it is more important to have an earmark for the  State of New Jersey to set up an ObamaCare exchange; or you can say it  is more important to reauthorize Community Health Centers.   Reauthorizations are tough. We did multiple reauthorizations in the  last Congress, and they are difficult to get across the line because so  many people have so many opinions.   All of these programs are going to expire in September, and we have  taken no activity towards reauthorization in the Energy and Commerce  Committee.   These reauthorizations, again, take a substantial amount of time. The  clock is ticking, and we should act as soon as possible.   Again, unfortunately, that amendment was not made in order, but I do  encourage Members to look at H.R. 2700, a good bill. For this morning,  I think The Washington Post had it right.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  H.R. 962, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.    Madam Speaker, lives are literally hanging in the  balance. I urge the Speaker to immediately schedule this important  bill.   