 Madam Speaker, impeaching a President is one of the  most solemn and consequential decisions the United States Congress can  make. It is not an action that I or my fellow House colleagues take  lightly.   Investigations and hearings conducted by the House provide  overwhelming evidence that President Trump abused his power and  endangered our national security.   President Trump also issued a blanket order prohibiting all executive  office personnel from testifying, responding to subpoenas, or turning  over documents. Therefore, he has obstructed the legitimate and  constitutional obligation of Congress.   The President's actions leave me no choice. President Trump violated  his oath of office. Now, I will uphold my oath of office to preserve  and protect our Constitution and my promise to my constituents to  carefully analyze all issues before me. I will vote in favor of both  Articles of Impeachment against President Donald John Trump.   Madam Speaker, impeaching a President is one of the most solemn and  consequential decisions the United States Congress can make. It is not  an action I or my fellow House colleagues take lightly. Impeachment  exists to protect our democracy. As Alexander Hamilton wrote in the  Federalist Papers, the impeachment clause in the Constitution exists to  address ``the misconduct of public men,'' which involves ``the abuse or  violation of some public trust.''   The investigations and hearings conducted by the House Intelligence  and Judiciary Committees provide overwhelming evidence that President  Trump abused his power and endangered our national security when he  coerced Ukraine into investigating his likely rival in the 2020  election by withholding $391 million in critical military aid and a  White House meeting from the Ukrainian government. Withholding this  military assistance to Ukraine as it enters the fifth year of its  deadly war against Russia endangers Ukraine's sovereignty and safety as  well as the United States' national security interests.   President Trump has also issued a blanket order prohibiting all  executive office personnel from testifying in Congressional impeachment  hearings, responding to subpoenas and turning over documents.  Therefore, he has obstructed the legitimate and Constitutional  obligation Congress has to conduct an impeachment inquiry when there is  evidence of wrongdoing by the President.   No one is above the law. The President's actions leave me no choice.  President Trump has violated his oath to ``faithfully execute the  Office of the President of the United States,'' and to, ``preserve,  protect and defend the Constitution of the United States against all  enemies foreign and domestic.'' Now I will uphold my Oath of Office to  preserve and protect our Constitution and my promise to my constituents  to carefully analyze all issues before me. I will vote in favor of both  articles of impeachment against President Donald John Trump.    Madam Speaker, impeaching a President is one of the  most solemn and consequential decisions the United States Congress can  make. It is not an action I or my fellow House colleagues take lightly.  Impeachment exists to protect our democracy. As Alexander Hamilton  wrote in the Federalist Papers, the impeachment clause in the  Constitution exists to address ``the misconduct of public men,'' which  involves ``the abuse or violation of some public trust.''   The investigations and hearings conducted by the House Intelligence  and Judiciary Committees provide overwhelming evidence that President  Trump abused his power and endangered our national security when he  coerced Ukraine into investigating his likely rival in the 2020  election by withholding $391 million in critical military aid and a  White House meeting from the Ukrainian government. Withholding this  military assistance to Ukraine as it enters the fifth year of its  deadly war against Russia endangers Ukraine's sovereignty and safety as  well as the United States' national security interests.   President Trump has also issued a blanket order prohibiting all  executive office personnel from testifying in Congressional impeachment  hearings, responding to subpoenas and turning over documents.  Therefore, he has obstructed the legitimate and Constitutional  obligation Congress has to conduct an impeachment inquiry when there is  evidence of wrongdoing by the President.   No one is above the law. The President's actions leave me no choice.  President Trump has violated his oath to ``faithfully execute the  Office of the President of the United States,'' and to, ``preserve,  protect and defend the Constitution of the United States against all  enemies foreign and domestic.'' Now I will uphold my Oath of Office to  preserve and protect our Constitution and my promise to my constituents  to carefully analyze all issues before me. I will vote in favor of both  articles of impeachment against President Donald John Trump.   