 Madam President. First of all, I have never come to the  floor of the Senate--and previously of the House--as ill-prepared as  today, but I want to follow up on something my friend from Utah just  spoke about, and that is the attack on the innocent people in the last  48 hours. When I learned of it last night, I was stunned.   I just got off the phone a few minutes ago with the brother and  sister of one of the victims. A young mother, Anita Miller, was killed  along with her four children. They were in the first SUV that was shot  up and burnt. They were on their way to Phoenix to pick up their dad  from North Dakota--Howard--who was working on an oil rig as this  occurred. I just talked to Howard's brother Kenny and his sister  Heather.   All of the Millers and the LeBarons who are victims of this have  many, many family members in North Dakota. They have lots of businesses  in the State of North Dakota. They are hard-working, faithful people.    It was a hard phone call to make. This was a hard message to deliver.  And I didn't really know what to deliver except that I wanted them to  know that the people of their country and the United States are hugging  the people of their country, Mexico, and that what they have  experienced is certainly the personification of evil in the form of  these thugs from this cartel, for sure. They are people who kill with  reckless abandon. They have no regard for life, even the life of  innocent children. But we serve a God who personifies pure good, and  the greatest response to pure evil is pure good.   Kenny and I had a particularly long talk regarding his family--what  they are experiencing and what is going on. They wanted me to know that  they support the United States as well as their country. They wanted me  to tell the President that they support what he is doing and appreciate  his offer of help to the Mexican Government.   I told them that there is lots of time for talking about the response  of one government working with another but that, right now, grief is  sort of the emotion of the moment, and remembering their loved ones is  important, and we would be doing it as a Congress, as an  administration, as a country, and as the State of North Dakota, which  embraces these people we know and love so much. We will do what needs  to be done, and we stand ready, first of all, to hold them up in prayer  and to share their burden with them.   I wanted to express as much as anything that their burden is ours  today and that, to the degree we can share a burden like this, we are  sharing it. We will react. We will respond in whatever way is  appropriate and whatever way we can.   I join Senator Lee in gratitude to President Trump for his reaching  out and his offer of assistance. It can't be easy to live in a country  or even to rule a country where the cartels are so powerful, where  their weapons are as good as, if not better than, the weapons of the  police and maybe even the military. It can't be easy to stand up to  that, but with good friends and allies and neighbors, perhaps now,  perhaps this event and perhaps the grief of these families will be the  things that bring two countries together to fight this evil.   I will end as I began and look forward to future days when we speak  more thoroughly about it and there is more information on it, but to  remind perhaps ourselves as much as anything, the only effective  response to pure evil is pure love. As people of faith, we know pure  love is personified in our Lord. So tonight, my message to the families  in Mexico, North Dakota, and Utah is that we love them. We love them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   