 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman said, we had a tour this weekend in  which eight other Members plus Andy and I had actually gone on this 2- day border tour.   We spoke with the Border Patrol agents, ranchers, and law enforcement  officials; and during our tour, we heard, firsthand, the destruction  and the dangers that came with open borders and loopholes in our  immigration laws.   Ranchers told their stories about the day-to-day reality of illegal  aliens using their land as drug and human trafficking routes. They  walked us through how these criminal organizations used their open  borders and their land to make billions.   Now, let's look at the statistics.   In 2017, more than 49,000 Americans died from heroin and opioid- related overdoses. And we are just startin to see the intrusion of the  synthetic fentanyl for which you don't get second chances. It is so  toxic, that even a dose as small as a grain of salt given to somebody  can kill them.    Ninety percent of the heroin in our country comes from the southern  border. This weekend, I stood on the soil that thousands of illegal  aliens walk to smuggle these deadly drugs into our country.   We also spoke with Border Patrol, who shared their stories detailing  changes that have occurred, particularly in the last 10 years. They  noted that one of the biggest changes they are seeing is the shift in  the illegal aliens' attitude. Instead of fleeing, they are fighting.  Illegal aliens have become emboldened by the advocation of open borders  the Democrats have promoted.   Now, over the last 5 years, we have seen a 2,000 percent increase in  the asylum claims. We have seen a 50 percent rise in family units  coming to our southern border. Ninety-eight percent of those family  units will stay in our country.   Think about this. They will be turned in to our country; they will  never come back to a court order, staying in our country. So it is very  important to hear that 98 percent of these family units will stay in  our country.   This isn't just lawmakers in Washington saying they have a crisis at  our southern border; this is people who live the reality of this every  day. These are the ranchers and individuals whose livelihood has been  taken from them because open border advocates have chosen to protect  illegal aliens instead of the citizens they represent.   Republicans have taken action and provided a solution; Democrats have  not.   Ignoring this crisis diminishes the Americans and migrants who have  fallen victims to the crimes committed by illegal aliens or are harmed  because of illegal drugs flowing across the border.   Our job is to protect our own citizens, our country. The President's  proposal echos the very need Border Patrol agents tell us firsthand  they need: We need a wall, and we need it now.    Mr. Speaker, oh, absolutely.   The ranchers told us over and over again. One of the ranchers was  working on one of his backhoes on his property. He turned to look and a  well-armed illegal is sitting there with an automatic weapon. Over and  over again we see this, time and time again.   We have the Border Patrol telling us, over and over again, that what  they see is they will see a mass of undocumenteds that are family units  or undocumented children. They have to take their resources and attach  them to those people, allowing the drug cartels to swiftly move in  another point of reference.   It is big country, as the gentleman from Virginia got to see. There  is lots of space, that goes north and south that have the advantages of  cover. In fact, if I am not mistaken, the gentleman can actually tell  the story of our last stop in Nogales and what happened right in front  of us over the border.   