 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I also  thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger for their leadership  and for working with me on this important amendment.    As we experienced in April at my alma mater, UNC Charlotte, no  community is immune from gun violence. The despicable violence and  hatred we saw in our community have no place in our schools and our  society.   When I think back to my days as a student at Myers Park High School,  I remember studying humanities in Dave Layton's class, having lunch  with my friends, and looking forward to Friday night football games. I  don't remember feeling scared or anxious, and I don't remember worrying  about my safety.   I want my son and all of America's children to have that same  experience. If there is anyplace our children should feel safe, it is  in our schools.   That is why I, and so many of us here in this Congress, have been  working for years to address this issue and tackle the root causes of  violence. I led efforts to pass the STOP School Violence Act last year.  Under Republican leadership, Congress passed many bipartisan measures  to prevent mass violence, including legislation to strengthen the  background check system, improve mental healthcare, and give schools  the tools they need to protect our students.   We have made some progress, but our work is not nearly done.   What can we do to better identify and intervene with young people in  emotional crises before they reach a breaking point? What causes these  emotional crises, and what can we do to prevent them? Which of our  efforts to make our schools safer is actually working?  [[Page H4804]]    These and many more questions deserve to be explored. I hope my  amendment will lead to answers that will protect our students and our  educators.   My amendment would double the money available for research to study  the root causes of gun violence, including the impact and effectiveness  of grants authorized under the STOP School Violence Act. This money  would go to grant programs at the Departments of Justice and Homeland  Security that are dedicated to ending violence in our communities.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   