 Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member Granger and Chairwoman  Lowey both for their leadership and expertise throughout this process.   I also acknowledge the work of Chairman Visclosky. Mr. Chair, I am  grateful for Mr. Visclosky's dedication to our U.S. servicemembers and  our national security and for his willingness to listen and work with  us to put together this bill. I very much appreciate the bipartisan way  in which the gentleman has managed the Defense Subcommittee. It has  been an honor to work with him, and I look forward to finishing our  work on time.   There is a lot of good work in this bill. However, the United States  faces an increasingly challenging geopolitical landscape, one that  requires a strong U.S. military to help maintain global peace and  stability.   While we have been at war in the Middle East for nearly two decades,  other regions of the world have been watching us and chipping away at  our military superiority. Unfortunately, the funding levels recommended  in this bill are inadequate to enable us to address the needs of our  military and maintain our superiority over our adversaries.   The fiscal year 2020 Defense bill before the House today includes  $622 billion in base funding and another $68 billion in overseas  contingency operations, or OCO, funding, for a total of $690 billion.  The amount is roughly $8 billion less than the request.   This funding level is not adequate to address the myriad of issues  that we face around the world, including from an increasingly  aggressive Russia. Just last week, a Russian destroyer came dangerously  and recklessly close to one of our vessels in the Philippine Sea.   Shortchanging defense funding would send the wrong message to our  adversaries. Let's be clear: We do not want a fair fight. Funding the  Department to ensure our advantage against any threat is the best  deterrent to war.   In addition to the low funding levels in the bill, it includes a  number of troubling provisions adopted in committee, including a new  restriction on the Department's ability to provide lawful assistance to  other agencies in combating the real crisis on our southern border.   We cannot continue to ignore the reality along our southern border.  The sheer numbers of people coming across our borders, in the hundreds  of thousands, now require the use of military bases to house migrants.   The situation is untenable, and the Congress must update our  immigration laws to make the process more rational and enforceable.  Restricting the President's ability to address the crisis will only  make the problem worse and put more people at risk as they embark on a  dangerous journey.   I am also concerned with the language striking the Authorization for  Use of Military Force. This provision would repeal the current  authorization 240 days after enactment. This is a serious topic that  needs to be debated by the authorizing committees. Including this  language in an appropriations bill with little debate and no committee  hearings or witnesses is not the correct way to address this matter.  Broadcasting to our enemies the stop date of any military operation is  reckless and irresponsible.   Then there is the issue of numbers. In divided government,  bipartisanship is essential. Unfortunately, until we reach agreement on  the top-line spending levels that the President will also support, I  remain concerned that the Defense funding bill will be crafted in an  environment in which we have no budgetary certainty. Without a top-line  budget agreement, and a 2-year deal with the House, the Senate, and the  White House to relieve the budget caps put in place by the Budget  Control Act, we are not making spending decisions based in reality.   If we cannot come to an agreement on a budget caps deal, we face  sequestration in the coming year. The impacts would reverse all the  progress on readiness and modernization we have achieved over the last  2 years. Sequestration would cut $20 billion from the Navy and $29  billion from the Air Force, and it would stop 100 Army programs.   We need all the parties to come together at the table now to make the  tough but critical budget decisions. We know all too well how  devastating budgetary ambiguity and continuing resolutions can be for  defense planning and the real-world impact it has on training,  readiness, and quality-of-life issues. That is a recipe for disaster  for both our military and the American people.   That is why I cannot support this bill at this time. I want to work  with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to develop bills for  fiscal year 2020 that meet our Nation's defense and border security  priorities in a fiscally responsible manner.    Given the chairman's nature, I am sure that he will be an able  partner and leader in any effort to strike a budget agreement and  certainly happy to help avert sequestration.   Finally, I thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard  work. I appreciate their diligence.   