 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee  for yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, this bill is really important. It would provide  funding for our critical food, nutrition, and rural development  agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration.   What we are really asking is to keep the government open. There may  be disagreement about the wall and some aspects of border security, but  that shouldn't hold hostage these important spending bills that keep  the government going.   I wanted to talk about the FDA. The FDA is one of our most critical  public health agencies overseeing food, medical products, cosmetics,  and tobacco, products that account for 20 cents of every dollar spent  by U.S. consumers.   As a result of the Trump government shutdown, the FDA has had to  cease a number of important activities that keep our Nation's food and  drugs safe for all Americans.   For example, the FDA has stopped conducting nearly two-thirds of the  domestic food inspections that the agency typically conducts, putting  our Nation's food supply and food safety system at risk. This comes on  the heels of a multi-State national recall of romaine lettuce in  November and December. This stoppage should be alarming to all of us.   The FDA has halted routine inspections at food, drug, device, and  compounding facilities. It stopped accepting any new medical product  applications unless the application is within a small subset that did  not require a user fee. This includes applications for new generic  drugs that may bring further competition to the pharmaceutical market.   The FDA has ceased any activities related to over-the-counter  products.   It put on hold any enforcement activities related to medical products  or facilities that have been found to be in violation of the law.   What we are seeing are no inspections, no enforcement activities.  And, today, more than 6,000 FDA employees are furloughed, and another  1,000 are working without pay.   This Trump shutdown has had a dramatic effect on our economy, our  Federal employees, and the functioning of our government. Agency heads  are  [[Page H393]]  being forced to plan without knowledge of whether the shutdown will  last another day, another week, or another month. These are real lives  that are being impacted.   Madam Speaker, I urge the Senate majority leader and the President to  support this bill so we can restore funding to the FDA so that  consumers continue to have safe food and medical supplies.   