 I rise today in support of two articles of  impeachment--one regarding abuse of power and one regarding obstruction  of Congress--against President Trump.   I decided to support the President's impeachment after a judicious  consideration of the facts established by the House Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) and the House Committee on the  Judiciary, as well as reflecting upon my constitutional  responsibilities as a Member of Congress.   I would note that the constitutional remedy for high crimes and  misdemeanors--such as abuse of power--is impeachment. Regrettably, the  President's severe misconduct with respect to Ukraine showed a complete  disregard for our constitution, our democratic system of government,  and the security of our nation and our allies. The President left the  House with little choice but to faithfully discharge its duty.   As the Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense,  I believe that it is unconscionable that an American leader would use  nearly $400 million in military aid appropriated by Congress--and  signed into law by the President himself--as leverage for personal  gain.   There are fundamental reasons why U.S. law provided these desperately  needed funds to Ukraine. I would emphasize that, in 2014, Russia  invaded Ukraine and illegally annexed the Ukrainian territory of Crimea  while Russian-backed separatist forces seized control of key cities in  eastern Ukraine. The fighting in eastern Ukraine continues to this day  and has killed more than 13,000 Ukrainians while forcibly displacing  more than two million individuals.   Additionally, the impeachment reports issued by the HPSCI and the  House Committee on the Judiciary present an irrefutable case that the  President's behavior constituted an ongoing threat to a free and fair  Presidential election in 2020.   Further, I believe that the President's refusal to comply with the  impeachment inquiry is representative of his broader contempt for  Congress and its constitutional role as a separate and coequal branch  of government. Congress must continue to work diligently to protect and  fully exert its complete range of constitutional prerogatives and  maintain the balance of power that has existed for 231 years.   Finally, I would highlight that the administration's complete  repudiation of constitutionally-proscribed legislative authorities  stands in stark contrast to the courage and patriotism demonstrated by  the whistleblower who filed a formal complaint with the Intelligence  Community's Inspector General, as well as the public servants who  testified before the House. These individuals deserve our utmost  respect and gratitude.   As the Senate moves forward with a trial to determine whether to  convict the President of impeachable offenses, be assured that I will  continue to work hard to address the pressing needs of our nation's  citizens, from creating more opportunities for good-paying jobs to  decreasing the cost of prescription drugs.   