 Mr. President, yesterday, the Senate confirmed the  31st new circuit judge since January of 2017. Eric Miller came to the  Senate for our consideration with a stellar resume and a sterling legal  reputation. We had every indication he would interpret our Nation's  laws and Constitution as they are actually written. This is exactly the  kind of judge the American people deserve to sit on our Nation's courts  of appeals. That is why the Senate will continue to make judicial  nominations a top priority.   This week, however, we need to make more progress on the backlog of  important executive branch nominees whom Democrats' delaying tactics  and obstruction have left literally languishing on the Senate calendar.   The first is Michael Desmond, the President's choice to serve as  Chief Counsel of the IRS. Mr. Desmond has put his legal expertise to  work through years of public service, including at the Department of  Justice Tax Division and at the Department of the Treasury. He has an  impressive private sector background as well.   So listen to this: In the last Congress, the Finance Committee  recommended Mr. Desmond to the full Senate by a vote of 25 to 2. That  was last August. Yet this noncontroversial nominee never got a floor  vote and had to be sent back to the White House. Well, Mr. Desmond was  renominated. Earlier this month, our colleagues on the Finance  Committee reported him favorably yet again--26 to 2.   I am sorry my Democratic colleagues required us to file cloture on  this thoroughly noncontroversial nominee. It is a good example of the  unreasonable tactics that have, sadly, become their standing operating  procedure in many cases, but I am glad we voted to advance the  nomination yesterday, and I urge everyone to join me in voting to  confirm him soon.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on  the Wheeler nomination be considered expired at 12:30 p.m. on Thursday,  February 28, with the time between 12 and 12:30 equally divided in the  usual form; further, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action. I further ask that the  cloture motion on Executive Calendar No. 12 be withdrawn and that  following disposition of the Wheeler nomination, the Senate resume  consideration of the Ryder nomination, with the time until 1:45 p.m.  equally divided between the two leaders or their designees, and that at  1:45 p.m., the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action  or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's actions.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that PN389, the  nomination of Ian Paul Steff to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and  Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service,  sent to the Senate by the President, be referred jointly to the  Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on  Commerce, Science, and Transportation.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 83, submitted earlier  today.    I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 84, submitted earlier  today.    I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Thursday, February 28; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, morning business be closed, and the Senate  proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Wheeler  nomination under the previous order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of our Democratic  colleagues.   