 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment No. 36 to H.R. 1585, the  Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.   My amendment would ensure that campus faculty are trained to  recognize victims of sexual and domestic violence. Specifically, this  legislation amends the bill to include ``appropriate campus faculty,  such as academic advisors or professionals who deal with students on a  daily basis'' for grant training programs to recognize and respond to  domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. This  would include training health providers on how to provide universal  education to all members of the campus community on the impacts of  violence on health and unhealthy relationships and how providers can  support ongoing outreach efforts.   Now, going off to school can be a wonderful opportunity for our  children. But sexual and domestic violence on college campuses is  horrific and must be addressed. We know that of undergraduate students,  23.1 percent of females and 5.4 percent of males experience rape or  sexual assault during their time on campus.   But all too often, those students do not report to law enforcement.  Only 20 percent of female student victims report their experience. Some  don't report because they fear reprisal, others don't think it was  important enough, and some don't even believe that police could or  would do anything to help.   We cannot eradicate sexual violence on campus if we can't even reach  the students who are being impacted. We are failing them.   That is why this amendment to include campus faculty in training  programs to help them identify signs of  [[Page H3060]]  sexual and domestic violence is so necessary. If students feel that  they cannot report these crimes, then we must have knowledgeable and  trained faculty in place to provide help if it is needed.   Recently I went to a panel at Benedictine University in Illinois, and  I got to hear directly from campus faculty about this specific issue  and from students on the unique needs on college campuses. There are  really specific challenges, as Congresswoman Underwood was mentioning.  We have limited but flawed procedures in place for people who need  shelter when they are victims of domestic violence. That is really hard  on a college campus.   What do you do for someone when they are in a dorm room and everybody  knows where the dorms are on campus?   What do you do to change their schedule if there is only one section  of the class they need to take?   What can schools do when a survivor doesn't feel safe to go to class?   I was honored at the time to speak with Bernadette Muloski,  Benedictine's Violence Against Women Act Grant Coordinator. She pointed  out that when schools provide more information and resources for  reporting and speaking openly about these issues, then it often leads  to higher numbers of reports--not because violence is happening more  often, but because people finally feel safe to come forward.   Now, it is so important for the first person that a student confides  in to have an appropriate reaction, because that disclosure often has a  huge impact on the survivor's healing. It is also impactful on how the  student decides to move forward, either in reporting or seeking  additional assistance such as counseling and support.   So if the first person does not respond with empathy and gives an  indication that they don't care or maybe doesn't know what to do and  doesn't know where the resources are on campus, the student may never  tell another person or may struggle with that, and the perpetrator may  go on to commit more violence.   On college campuses students often develop mentor relationships with  faculty or staff beyond the health department that they are working  with, and it is more likely that a survivor will disclose their  experience to someone they know as opposed to a stranger. That is why  we have to get this right.   This amendment would provide the resources to train all of those  faculty who interact with students, and by providing resources to  schools so that they can individualize their response to sexual and  domestic violence, we will enable them to better meet the unique  challenges of those students. This is particularly true for underserved  communities. Coordinated, comprehensive responses allow college  communities to develop sustainable strategies to address these crimes.   For colleges and universities to curb sexual violence on campus, we  must create the safe, respectful, collegiate learning and teaching  environment that every student and employee deserves.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment which will  not only provide resources for college and university faculty, but also  the support that students need and deserve.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Representative Bass for authoring this bill,  and I thank all the tireless advocates who have worked to bring us to  this day.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, please  support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   