 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, my amendment  designates $1.5 million for the International Fund for Ireland in the  Economic Support Fund account of the Fiscal Year 2020 State, Foreign  Operations Appropriations Act.   The International Fund for Ireland is an independent organization  that supports economic regeneration and social development projects in  areas most affected by the decades of violence in Northern Ireland.  Since its inception in 1986, IFI's projects have made vital  contributions to improving the physical and economic infrastructure in  some of the area's most vulnerable communities.   My amendment increases funding for IFI because their work is more  relevant now than it has ever been in recent years. Brexit will have  significant consequences for the island of Ireland. The border between  Northern Ireland and Ireland is in danger of, once again, becoming a  significant barrier, physically and psychologically, to harmonious  relationships that have been delicately fostered over the past few  decades.   Additionally, the shared political arrangement established by the  Good Friday Agreement has stalled. Currently, there is no power-sharing  government in Northern Ireland. The absence of shared political  leadership has affected reconciliation and the delivery of other  benefits that should be flowing form the Good Friday Agreement.   The Good Friday Agreement just was the start of the creation of peace  and reconciliation on the island of lreland, not the end. Brokered by  U.S. Special Envoy George Mitchell, the agreement was one of our  country's great foreign policy achievements of the 20th century.  Successive U.S. Administrations and many Members of Congress have  actively supported the Northern Ireland peace process and the  International Fund for Ireland.   Increasing IFI's funding would put more money towards the Fund's  three main programs: the Peace Impact Program, the Personal Youth  Development Program and the Peace Walls Program that bring critical  changes to deprived areas and reduce fear in communities. An increase  in funding will also go towards building civic voices along and across  the border and towards supporting the field of peace builders on the  island.   Over the years, the United States has consistently reaffirmed its  commitment to help create a strong and peaceful society in Northern  Ireland, and our continued involvement is important for maintaining  that peace.   Peace is not a given. It must be constantly upheld and cannot be  taken for granted. Right now, is a critical time for my fellow Members  of Congress to continue their support for peace throughout the island  by increasing funding to the International Fund for Ireland.   I thank Chairwoman Lowey for working with me on my amendment and urge  my colleagues to support it.   