 Madam Speaker, to Virginia Foxx and to   David Price, I  would expect you two to be here. I really would.   To the gentleman and the gentlewoman and to the staff, I sat quietly  in the back, but I know what you felt about Walter Jones. I say thank  you to you for serving him as he served you and all of us.   In a moment when our Nation cries out for principled leadership, the  loss of Walter Jones is especially difficult. The challenges we face  right now really demand the wisdom of men and women like Walter Jones.  The absence of his voice in our Chamber is devastating.   Walter Jones was a real patriot. He was gentle but persistent. He was  fervent but not self-indulged. He was a real winner.   Our tenures in this place overlapped almost completely, so I had the  pleasure of working closely with Walter many, many times.   There is no Member I have served with, man or woman, Democrat or  Republican, old or young, who was more forthright or was more courteous  or kind. He was revered for his generosity because that is exactly who  he was.   Walter was my friend, and I was his friend. We had been leading an  effort, both of us, to get Congress to reassert its prerogatives and  apply oversight of the executive branch of government. Walter stood up  by himself for this.   If operating in the minority was a lonely crusade for us, imagine how  it was for Walter to cast those votes all by himself. He understood the  song we sing many times on Sunday, ``Be Not Afraid.'' He was not  afraid, but for Walter Jones, it was just another day at the office.   Walter made a career standing up by himself, guided solely by what he  thought was the right thing, and he was often punished for it. He was  stripped of political clout and prestige for his independence.   He was a person of faith who respected all faiths. We were all equal  in Walter's eyes and in Walter's heart. What a lesson. So it is  important to understand what that really entails.   There may be nothing more difficult than standing alone. We see every  day here how challenging it is for men and women to stand up when  everyone else is lined up against them. So even when you know a  position, a vote, an act is right, to do it alone takes immense  confidence, courage, and unswaying principle.   Walter Jones embodied those qualities as much as anyone who has  served in the people's House. There was only one Walter Jones, and we  have lost him. We could use a lot more like Walter. He was not a photo  op. He was the real thing.   Thank you. Thank you for your gracious friends who came tonight to  speak about you, and it was from everyone's heart. I hope that Congress  learns something.   Thank you, Walter.   