 Mr. Speaker, let me set the record straight. The way  President Trump talks about women, minorities, immigrants, and pretty  much every American who does not look like him is fueling hate in our  great country.   Last week, in a series of tweets, President Trump attacked four  Congresswomen, all of whom are American citizens and women of color.  The President doubled down on his attacks and singled out one of my  colleagues from Minnesota in a rally, during which the crowd chanted,  ``Send her back,'' which he seemed to relish.   Mr. Speaker, watching that clip made me sick to my stomach, and I am  concerned about the direction President Trump is leading our country.   Mr. Speaker, President Trump appears to be encouraging Americans to  assume patriotism by the color of one's skin and not the content of  one's character. This is, in fact, the opposite of what American heroes  like Congressman   John Lewis, Dolores Huerta, Cesar Chavez, and Dr.  King fought and bled for.   Mr. Speaker, make no mistake: our President is stoking the flames of  hate and division in our great country.  [[Page H7253]]    President Trump, his America is an America where Congress does not  include Native Americans, Latinos, African Americans, Asian Americans,  or LGBTQ Americans. His vision for America is one where people like my  parents and grandparents are not welcome.   What I find ironic about Donald Trump's anti-immigrant vision for  this country is it contradicts his own family's history. Donald Trump's  grandfather, Friedrich Trump, moved to the United States in 1885 for  many reasons, including to escape poverty. Today, President Trump is  hurting our reputation by denying entry to asylum seekers who are  fleeing many of the hardships his very own grandfather was escaping.   In 1905, after making his fortune in the United States running a  brothel, Grandfather Trump attempted to go back to Germany, only to be  denied entry for failing to complete military service in his own  country of Germany, something that apparently runs in the family.   After attempting to appeal the denial in a flattering letter to the  Prince of Germany, addressing him as the much-loved, noble, wise, and  righteous sovereign and sublime ruler, Friedrich Trump's request to  return to Germany was denied for a second time.   My father and mother moved to the United States in 1946 seeking a  better life for their family because they heard of the promise of the  United States of America, that if you work hard and play by the rules,  you can succeed and your children can have a better life.   I stand before you today an American-born citizen and a Member of the  United States Congress because my parents worked hard and played by the  rules. I wasn't handed a fortune like President Trump. I was taught the  values of keeping my word, being kind to others, and working for what I  earn.   Mr. Speaker, this President would like us to believe that he is more  patriotic than the Congresswomen he has repeatedly attacked, not  because of anything he has done for this country, but because he  believes that this country's rights and protections only apply to the  privileged, like himself.   Honor and patriotism exist in some more than others. My brother-in- law, Hector, who was born in Mexico and is now a citizen of the United  States of America, answered the call to serve our great country, when  Donald Trump avoided service time and time again.   While Donald Trump was dodging the draft five times, my brother-in- law, Hector, was serving the United States of America in Vietnam.   While Donald Trump was ripping off small businesses right here at  home, Hector was shot while serving his country in Vietnam.   My Mexican-born brother-in-law has served this country honorably, and  if Donald Trump had his way, Hector would never have had the chance to  serve our great Nation.   Mr. Speaker, does the word ``patriot'' come to mind when you think of  a man who dodged the draft time and time again, or does the word  ``patriot'' come to mind when you think of a man who answered the call  of duty and bled for our great country?   Mr. Speaker, I tell these truths to remind us all why the United  States of America is great: We are a country of brave and beautiful  American citizens and brave and beautiful immigrants from all over the  world who contribute to the greatness of our great Nation every single  day.   May God bless the diverse and beautiful people of the United States  of America, and God bless the United States of America.   