 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Chair, I would just point out in further support of Mr.  Nadler's remarks, on average, 20 veterans commit suicide every single  day in this country, and two-thirds of those suicides are caused by use  of a gun. So Mr. Nadler is quite right.   Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1112 to close the  Charleston loophole.   We have heard a lot about what is at stake in terms of constitutional  rights as it relates to possession of a firearm. There are other  constitutional rights that are at issue here, and that is the right to  life, liberty, the right to live free of gun violence and death, the  right of a grandmother to sit on her porch and enjoy a summer evening  free from the dangers of gun violence, the right of young children to  play in a playground and play safely.   So this legislation is very important because it closes a very  significant loophole in our law.   Over the last two decades, the Charleston loophole has allowed more  than 60,000 purchases of guns by prohibited individuals.   Let that sink in.   Sixty thousand people who are prohibited from having a gun by law  were allowed to get those guns because of this loophole.   One of those purchasers was a white supremacist who used the gun that  he purchased to kill nine worshippers at the Mother Emanuel Church in  South Carolina. Even though he had a felony drug charge on his record,  this killer was able to buy a gun because his background check wasn't  completed in 3 days.   And he isn't the only one, of course. A 2016 GAO report found that,  between 2006 and 2015, guns were transferred to about 6,700 people with  domestic violence convictions and more than 500 individuals with  prohibiting protective orders.   So there are many, many examples where the American people are less  safe because criminals and disqualified people can access a firearm  because the background check wasn't completed in 3 days. This is a very  simple commonsense solution to that problem.   Our laws will not work if we don't keep guns out of the hands of  criminals, dangerous people, other disqualified purchasers, and this  bill does that. This is a commonsense proposal.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I  thank Mr. Clyburn for his leadership, and I thank Mr. Nadler for  bringing these bills before the Judiciary Committee so we can finally  take some responsible action to reduce gun violence in this country.   