 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it is not often in floor remarks we can  often hit a trifecta on topics that are uniquely connected, but I am  fortunate enough to have that privilege today. They all center around  the glorious peanut. I want to honor the National Peanut Festival  currently being held in Dothan, AL, which recognizes the importance of  the peanut industry to the State of Alabama and to the United States.   Every year, Dothan hosts the Nation's largest peanut festival to  honor local peanut farmers and to celebrate harvest season. The  festival began in 1938 and has been held annually each year, except for  the years during the hiatus during World War II. This year's festival  is a 10-day-long extravaganza with food, fun, and entertainment. You  name it, you can find it in Dothan during the peanut festival. It is  one of the most popular events in Alabama each year. In 2017, the  festival broke attendance records with over 200,000 people joining the  fun.   Unfortunately, my schedule has prevented me from being down there  this week, but I wish I had been there. I wish I could go for the end  of this because it is a glorious time.   Last week, I introduced a resolution here in the Senate to pay  tribute to the National Peanut Festival and the importance of peanuts  in our State and the entire country. Over 400 million pounds of peanuts  are produced every year in Alabama alone, and nearly half of all the  peanuts in America are grown within a 100-mile radius of Dothan, AL,  where most of those peanuts are processed. It is no wonder that the  city of Dothan--down in southeast Alabama, right in the corner, just  right on the border of Georgia and Florida--is known as the Peanut  Capital of the World.   The peanut industry is a critical part of Alabama's economy. In 2018  alone, the 400 million pounds of peanuts produced by Alabama farmers  was valued at $118 million. The farm value of the Nation's peanut crop  is over a billion dollars. And like all farmers, peanut farmers have  their share of challenges. But year after year, the peanut farmers in  Alabama and across the country persevere, providing a crop whose  importance is often simply taken for granted--well, as peanuts, as it  pertains to our overall economy.   But the peanut is an important staple to the agriculture and food  industry, thanks in large part to the amazing and extraordinary work of  a scientist, an African-American scientist and adopted son of Alabama,  Dr. George Washington Carver, who did his work at one of Alabama's  great HBCUs, Tuskegee University.   Dr. Carver was born into slavery, but raised by his former master  once slavery was abolished. He was forced to attend segregated schools  until 1891, when he was accepted as the first Black student at Iowa  State University. Only 5 years later, in 1896, Dr. Carver was hired by  the great Booker T. Washington to head the Agriculture Department at  Tuskegee Institute, now known as Tuskegee University, in Tuskegee, AL.   At that point, peanuts were not even recognized as a crop in the  United States, but because of a serious threat to the South's cotton  crop from boll weevil infestations, Dr. Carver suggested that Alabama  farmers start growing peanuts in the alternate years, which he believed  would restore and add nutrients to the barren soil so that cotton could  grow the next year.   It worked. He not only was a leading voice for crop rotation but  ended up inventing over 300 products made out of peanuts, including  peanut milk, peanut paper, and peanut soap--although, surprisingly, he  did not invent my favorite, peanut butter, but 300 different types of  products made from peanuts.   In 1921, in a highly unusual circumstance in the era of Jim Crow, Dr.  Carver testified regarding the value of peanuts before the Ways and  Means Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives--an African- American scientist in front of the U.S. House in 1921. In 1938, again  during the Jim Crow era in Alabama, Dr. Carver was the featured speaker  at the first peanut festival in Dothan, AL.   Peanuts became more and more popular, and by 1940, they had become  one of the top six crops in the United States--all in large part due to  the work of Dr. Carver at Tuskegee University. It is not an  overstatement to say that Dr. Carver, Tuskegee University, and the  peanut helped save the economy of the South.   This is just one example of the extraordinary contributions that  HBCUs have made to our country over the years and continue to make  today. But, as we have talked about for some time, including with my  friend Senator Cardin earlier today, those contributions are threatened  because of the expiration of Federal funding that occurred at the end  of September.   I have been pushing for the passage of my bill, the FUTURE Act, which  would renew funding for HBCUs and other minority-serving institutions  that expired at the end of September. We need to continue to invest in  these institutions and ensure they have consistent funding.   We have worked with this bill, the FUTURE Act, to make sure the  concerns of others--particularly those who might object to the UC we  have asked for on the FUTURE Act--to make sure that this is not some  Federal budget gimmick. We have answered those concerns. We have  answered all the pay-for concerns. All we are asking for is consistent  funding because now planning is as important as the money. Yes, the  Department of Education has told HBCUs that the funding would be there  through September, but by this spring, those institutions have to plan.  They have to start making sure they have the necessary resources for  the fall and beyond. If their funding is set to expire at the end of  next year, they cannot make those plans, both with teachers and their  infrastructure.   We need to continue to make sure those HBCUs are funded consistently  and appropriately. Let's make sure we put aside any differences and  make sure those funds are available so that our great HBCUs and  minority-serving institutions across the country can continue to  operate and plan.   We need to honor the legacy of Dr. Carver, which is one of the  reasons I was so proud to introduce a resolution honoring the National  Peanut Festival and the peanut industry in the State of Alabama. It is  a testament to the importance of the peanut and a time to celebrate its  history, our State, and the peanut farming way of life.   I am hopeful that with the advancements of peanut allergy research,  we can make sure more people have the ability to enjoy what so many of  us  [[Page S6379]]  can. I understand that peanut allergies are a real problem around the  country and around the world for a lot of people. But advances in  research that is going on right now--right now--can make sure we break  through and that all who want to can enjoy the value and the taste of  those wonderful peanuts. I am not going to go through specifics. I  could name all manner of products. I won't do that here today, but I  thank you for this opportunity.   I yield the floor.   