 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the final  conference version of the 2020 National Defense Authorization Act.   As chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I  worked closely with my colleague and friend, Ranking Member Wittman, to  produce a strong bill that invests smartly in the defense priorities  under our jurisdiction.   This year, we also benefited greatly from the contributions of our  freshman members of the subcommittee, whose collective experience and  intelligence were extremely helpful.   The bill authorizes a $23 billion shipbuilding budget for 12 battle  force ships, including two Virginia-class submarines, three Arleigh  Burke destroyers, the first frigate, two amphibious ships, two T-AO  oilers, and two salvage and rescue ships.   The final shipbuilding budget also contains adjustments necessary to  support the new Block V Virginia-class submarine contract and fully  funds the Navy's number one acquisition priority, the Columbia-class  ballistic missile submarine.   This bill will, by law, reverse the administration's misguided  proposal to cancel the refueling of the carrier USS Harry S. Truman.   Our subcommittee also focused on sealift recapitalization, an area  that has been overlooked for far too long; legislating reauthorization  of the Maritime Security Program; establishing a new-build domestic  sealift vessel program; and restoring funding cuts by the  administration for a critical training platform, the National Security  Multi-Mission Vessel.   It also provides strong support for our air projection forces,  including the KC-46 tanker, the B-21 long-range bomber, and the B-52  reengining program.   Finally, we continued Congress' oversight duties as they relate to  the Navy's surface fleet readiness by requiring any shipboard system  program of record to have formal associated training to ensure our  sailors are competent operators of the equipment they use at sea every  day.   Outside of seapower, I am extremely pleased that my amendment that  reverses last year's awful DOD order blocking longer term  servicemembers' ability to transfer their GI Bill educational benefits  to eligible dependents is in the conference report.   I am also pleased about the fix to widow's tax, which we wrestled  with for 20 years, and also the monumental task of providing 12 weeks  of paid family medical leave for all Federal employees.   I thank the committee leadership, Representatives Smith and  Thornberry, for their tireless work. I also thank Phil MacNaughton,  Dave Sienicki, Kelly Goggin, and Megan Handal, and Lieutenant Claire  Wardius of the Navy, my Navy fellow, for their great work supporting  this bill.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership on this issue.   Madam Chair, the Chamber can see the chart on my right, which was  prepared by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development,  which shows that the American people pay far more for prescription  drugs than any other country in the world by wide, unacceptable  margins. Per capita, the United States spends 25 percent more on  prescription drugs than Switzerland, the country with the next highest  drug costs.   Specific examples of this outrageous disparity abound. A vial of  insulin in the U.S. is $300. The same vial in Canada is $32. In the  U.S., an EpiPen two-pack has a list price of $608, in the U.K., $69.   About one-quarter of Americans say that it is difficult for them to  afford their prescriptions. Seventy-nine percent of Americans think the  costs of prescription drugs is unreasonable. Approximately one-third of  Americans say they haven't taken their medicine as prescribed because  of trouble affording it.   This week, Congress will vote finally to use the leverage Medicare  has to get U.S. drug prices in line with the international price index  for developed countries whose standard of living is comparable to the  U.S. and whose life expectancy in many cases actually exceeds the U.S.   As CBO confirmed, this bill will save patients millions of dollars  and will ensure that this chart changes for the better.   Crucially, this bill is unique from other proposals by lowering drug  costs not just for Medicare but also for the 50 percent of Americans  who receive their health insurance through work.   This bill directs the Secretary of HHS to negotiate lower drug prices  and extends that price voluntarily to employer-sponsored health plans,  reducing the relentless increase in healthcare costs that is driving  premiums higher for large employers, small employers, and the self- insured.   According to the Connecticut Department of Insurance, the portion of  healthcare premiums attributable to prescription drug coverage has  increased from 15 percent to 23 percent of every premium dollar since  2010, which eats up wages and salaries.   In a nutshell, this bill will put billions of dollars into the  pockets of working Americans and their families, at the same time not  using a limited formulary, at the same time preserving a research and  development tax credit, and at the same time boosting support for  pharmaceutical research at the National Institutes of Health.   This bill is the most significant healthcare proposal in a decade. It  is time for us to listen to the American people, who in 2018 listed  healthcare costs, specifically prescription drug care costs, as their  number one concern in exit polls in the highest voter turnout for a  midterm election since 1914. This is the bill that responds to that  loud signal from the American people. I urge passage of H.R. 3.   