 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, it is about time for a bipartisan amendment  after all that stuff, and we are going to offer one here. That is why I  rise in support of this amendment offered by my colleague, Frederica  Wilson, and myself.   The amendment highlights the 50th Anniversary of the Apollo 11  mission to the Moon and back, which launched from NASA's Kennedy Space  Center. On July 20, 1969, NASA Astronaut Neil Armstrong took the first  historic steps on the Moon and declared: ``That's one small step for  man, one giant leap for mankind.''   It was the greatest technological feat in the history of mankind. And  what makes it even more remarkable is when we think back 50 years ago,  this was all done with slide rules. Our daughters' iPhones have  thousands of times more power than all of the Apollo computers  combined.   This amendment is offered to honor Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin,  Michael Collins, the men and women of NASA, and especially the  contractors in virtually every State across the Nation who made that  possible with the support of the American taxpayers, without whose  support the Apollo program would not have been possible.   Space exploration is one of the greatest examples of American  leadership and the boldness of the human spirit. It is important to our  national security, our technological advancement, and, ultimately, the  survival of our species.   Space is also vital to the American economy. The space industry  generates more than $400 billion in economic activity. In Florida  alone, the space industry impact totals over $19 billion annually and  130,000 jobs.   In recognition of the historic achievement of the Apollo 11 mission,  I want to urge my colleagues to cosponsor H. Res. 443, the bipartisan  resolution recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon  landing.   Madam Chairwoman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama  (Mr. Aderholt), my good friend and staunch space supporter.    Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to join Congresswoman  Wilson and I in supporting this bipartisan amendment and cosponsoring  H. Res. 443.   I would like to thank Congresswoman Wilson for her working with me on  this issue, and many other space-related issues, and I would also like  to thank her staffer, Jean Roseme and our own John Schweikert for their  help in moving this forward.   I yield back the balance of my time.   