 Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member McCaul for yielding.   Mr. Chair, in my district in Pennsylvania, we are conservationists.  But with this bill, H.R. 9, the Climate Action Now Act, more  appropriately known as the U.S. energy disadvantage act, the American  people are being told yet again that Big Government is the solution to  all of the people's problems. The American people know better than  that, and they expect solutions, not more government.   The latest data is revealing. The U.S. is actually a global leader in  the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.   In 2017, while global CO2 emissions increased by 1.6  percent, the United States reduced its CO2 emissions by more  than 42 million tons, an annual reduction of 0.5 percent, the largest  reduction of any country in the world.   The data also underscores that we have not seen this type of progress  from other countries that are still part of the Paris Agreement.  American leadership is ongoing while countries like Spain, Canada,  India, South Korea, and China and the EU are all increasing their  CO2 emissions by 100 million tons and more.   If the U.S. stayed party to this agreement, it would be a huge and  unnecessary drag on our economy that would be passed on to the American  taxpayer. Moreover, it would not improve the situation, as most of the  world is moving in the wrong direction.    The U.S. is reducing our emissions without the heavy hand of this  Congress. This will continue, and it will be factual, as it will be  measured.   We need to harness American talent and energies, not squander them  with bogus plans like the Green New Deal or ineffective climate  agreements.   We need access to affordable, reliable, and clean energy sources,  including natural gas, nuclear, oil, and clean coal. We need to empower  our private sector to continue to innovate and develop new  technologies. What we need is a true all-of-the-above and all-of-the- below energy plan.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to consider this and vote against  this bill.   