 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the  motion to recommit offered by my Republican colleagues.   I oppose the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement, full stop.  It is a movement that denies the Jewish people's connection to the land  of Israel, refuses to accept the basic idea of a Jewish state, and  seeks to delegitimize Israel in international forums, on college  campuses, and in global commerce.   Yesterday, this body voted overwhelmingly to condemn the global BDS  movement. Mr. Speaker, 398 votes in favor--189 Republicans and 209  Democrats--united together to affirm the vital relationship between the  United States and Israel, our most important ally and closest strategic  partner in a difficult region in the world.   We expressed our strong, bipartisan support for a negotiated two- state solution as the best way to justly resolve the Israeli- Palestinian conflict and ensure a future for two peoples living side by  side in peace, security, and prosperity.   As the lead sponsor of that resolution, I believe I speak with  credibility when I say this motion to recommit, in the context both of  last night's vote and today's critically important legislation, would  not, in any way, help the fight against the global BDS movement or  strengthen the U.S.-Israel relationship.   Yesterday's bipartisan vote sent a clear, united message. Today, my  Republican colleagues are undercutting this achievement with a cynical,  partisan gimmick, continuing a dangerous effort to make Israel a wedge  issue. It must stop.   Mr. Speaker, the underlying legislation is too important for this  political ploy. We have an opportunity to pass legislation addressing a  national emergency, the multiemployer pension crisis that threatens the  financial security of Americans across the Nation and leaves the  taxpayers on the hook for more than $100 billion over the 10-year  budget window.   Let me remind my colleagues that these retirees did everything right.  They planned for their retirement, people like those in the gallery  today who chose, year after year, to contribute to their pensions  instead of taking a wage increase.   If you support these hardworking Americans, vote ``no'' on this  motion.   If you believe the rare effort in this House to achieve bipartisan  progress is too important to undermine with cynical partisan games,  vote ``no'' on this motion.   If you believe it is critical that the United States-Israel  relationship remains bipartisan to ensure Israel's long-term security  and find a path to peace, vote ``no'' on this motion.   Yesterday, we spoke in a united voice in support of our ally. Let's  do it again today in support of these workers and vote down this  motion.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Stevens).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time  [[Page H7347]]    