 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to thank Speaker Pelosi, Chairman Pallone, Chairman Neal,  [[Page H10206]]  and Chairman Scott for their extraordinary leadership on this  legislation and for helping bring this historic reform of our  prescription drug system to the floor today.   In the last few years, President Trump has demonstrated how quickly  the revolving door between industry lobbyists and high-ranking  government officials and offices can spin.   It is a practice that may not have started when he entered office,  but it is certainly one that he has perfected. Even after promising to  drain the swamp, President Trump has appointed more former industry  lobbyists to his cabinet in under 3 years than both President Obama and  President Bush did in their entire time in office.   With those appointments, conflicts of interest run rampant, and  corruption has not been hard to find. That is what this amendment  attempts to address. It is about good, clean, ethical governance.   If we are giving the Secretary of Health and Human Services the  authority to negotiate drug prices, which we absolutely should, we must  ensure that those negotiations cannot be tainted by past business  relationships or potential personal financial gain, because it is not  fair for a secretary to be put into a position where his or her motives  may be questioned. And it is certainly not fair to the public to be  forced to question the intentions of that secretary.   Put simply, a secretary who was previously responsible for price  increases on insulin and numerous other drugs while working for a Big  Pharma company may be inclined to choose profits of that former  employer over the patients he now serves. That same secretary may  choose to increase those prices higher or negotiate in something other  than good faith based on inside knowledge, past relationships, or a  potential future return to that same job after his government service  has ended.   That would give patients rightful doubt that their interests will  guide the negotiations taking place on their behalf.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Michigan (Mrs. Dingell.)    Mr. Chairman, I would like to close by stating a couple  of things.   First, to my friend, the chairman from Texas, the intent of this  amendment is not directed at any one individual. It is directed at an  intent, which I think we do share, to ensure the integrity of a  position and an office that is focused on the well-being of every  American.   Second, nobody here wants to do anything that is somehow going to  hinder anyone's cure or the potential for a new cure to come to market.   We do, however, have to wrestle with the fact that 26 percent of the  patients across this country in need of insulin ration it. We have to  reconcile the fact that 55 percent of the counties in this country do  not have a single practicing psychiatrist, psychologist, or social  worker. We have to wrestle with the fact that one-third of the  donations on GoFundMe are for healthcare costs.   The existing system that we have is failing American families day in  and day out. They are asking for this for a reason, and we are  delivering it. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ms. Jackson Lee, I have  an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today as the designee of my esteemed colleague  Sheila Jackson Lee from Houston to offer this amendment. She was  unavoidably detained at the Judiciary Committee to consider Articles of  Impeachment against our President.   Mr. Chairman, I am grateful for this opportunity to discuss the  Jackson Lee amendment to the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Prices Now  Act.   Let me also express my gratitude to the chairmen of the committees of  jurisdiction for their hard work in crafting this important  legislation: Chairman Pallone of Energy and Commerce, Chairman Neal of  Ways and Means, and Chairman Scott of Education and Labor.   The Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Prices Now Act levels the playing  field for American patients and taxpayers by:   One, giving Medicare the power to negotiate directly with the drug  companies and creating powerful new tools to force drug companies to  the table to  [[Page H10209]]  agree to real price reductions, while ensuring seniors never lose  access to the prescriptions they need;   Two, making the lower drug prices negotiated by Medicare available to  Americans with private insurance, not just Medicare beneficiaries;   Three, stopping drug companies from ripping off Americans while  charging other countries less for the same drugs and limiting the  maximum price for any negotiated drug to be in line with the average  price in countries like ours;   Four, creating a new, $2,000 out-of-pocket limit on prescription drug  costs for Medicare beneficiaries;   Five, reinvesting in the most transformational improvement to  Medicare since its creation--delivering vision, dental, and hearing  benefits--and turbocharging the search for new cures.   High drug prices are harmful. Medical costs and out-of-pocket  expenses result in high rates of bankruptcies, and 10 to 25 percent of  patients either delay, abandon, or compromise treatments because of  financial constraints.   Survival is also compromised. For example, in chronic myeloid  leukemia, the 8- to 10-year survival rate is 80 percent in Europe where  treatment is universally affordable, but the 5-year survival rate is  only 60 percent in the United States.   The high out-of-pocket expenses discourages patients from seeking  care or purchasing drugs. In a recent survey, one-third of insured  persons in Ms. Jackson Lee's home State of Texas delayed or did not  pursue care because of high out-of-pocket expenses.   The Jackson Lee amendment is simple and straightforward. The Jackson  Lee amendment improves the bill by expressing the sense of Congress  regarding the harmful impact of the high cost of prescription drugs on  communities of color and persons living in rural or sparsely populated  areas of the United States.   According to the Center for American Progress, the negotiation  authority provided in H.R. 3 could save some diabetics more than $700  on an annual supply of certain types of insulin. Moreover, negotiations  could bring down the net price for other types of drugs that are  particularly needed in minority and poor communities--including  expensive treatments for cancer and multiple sclerosis--by thousands  every month.   Reform is desperately needed, and nearly one in four Americans  currently taking prescription drugs find them difficult to afford. Some  people struggling to afford medication for chronic illnesses even turn  to drug rationing in desperation, which can be lethal. In fact, a  recent study found that one in four patients with diabetes rations  their insulin in response to rising prices.   The American public overwhelmingly agrees that it is time to allow  the government to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies: 85 percent  of Americans support this tactic to reduce prices for Medicare and  private insurance.   Mr. Chairman, I am grateful for the opportunity to explain the  Jackson Lee amendment. I urge our colleagues to agree to the amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge our colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   