 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, a recent study found that only about 36 percent of  Americans would be able to pass a multiple choice test with questions  from the U.S. citizenship test on it, while another study found that  only 26 percent of Americans are able to name all three branches of  government.   These numbers are not only startling on their own, but they also  correspond with historically low opinions of the Federal Government and  record low voter turnout rates. Currently, only nine States in this  country require students to complete 1 year of education in civics or  government, while 10 States have no civics education requirement at  all.   Across the country, school districts are expressing concern over the  need for greater civics education. Last year, 74 percent of  superintendents expressed that preparing students to become engaged  citizens was a challenge.   In African American and Hispanic communities, students are twice as  likely to score low on national civics assessment tests as White  students. And a similar gap exists between wealthy and poor communities  as well.   These are all signs that point to a growing crisis in civic and  political engagement in younger Americans, and unless action is taken  against students engaged in their government, disenchantment with the  electoral process and disinterest in the issues that will increasingly  shape their future and the future of our Nation will continue to grow.   Congress needs to show a commitment to strengthening civics education  programs throughout our country in order to reverse the trend. My  amendment would provide an additional $500,000 for national activities  in civics and history education under title 2 of the Elementary and  Secondary Education Act.   Evidence demonstrates that effective civics education can have a  significant impact on young people. Students who receive effective  civics education develop strong critical thinking skills, are more  likely to take an active role in their government, and are much more  likely to volunteer or become more involved in their communities.  According to the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning  and Engagement, students who participate in civics education during  high school are significantly more likely to graduate from college.   I am hopeful that this modest increase will show that we are ready to  move in the direction of preparing young people in this country to be  more engaged with the world around them and ensure that they are  invested in strengthening our democracy.   I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   