 Mr. President, over the next 45 minutes or so, finance  Democrats will come to the floor, and we will be discussing the second  anniversary of the Trump tax bill. As the ranking Democrat, I am going  to begin it. I know my colleagues will be joining me.   The Trump tax law is now 2 years old, and for millions of middle- class Americans, it is not a very happy anniversary. My own view is  that the economic legacy of the Trump administration will be that they  spent $1.5 trillion to widen the economic gap in America. If I were to  sum up what the law--the Trump tax law--was all about, it was about  making wealthy people wealthier and the middle class being an  afterthought. I am going to walk through some of the reasons I reached  that judgment, and then my colleagues will be getting into some of  these issues as well.   Donald Trump and Republicans in the Congress promised--promised--they  would write a bill that was focused on helping workers and the middle  class. The President told me personally that he thought he and people  like him should not get a tax break. He said that to me personally, but  that simply wasn't the case.   We were told that the Trump tax legislation would pay for itself.  That was wrong by a couple of trillion dollars. We were told that it  would kick off a towering wave of job-creating investments in so many  hard-hit American communities. That has not been the case. We were told  that workers would get, on average, a $4,000 raise. That was wrong once  more. It was wrong on all counts with respect to the promises made to  the American people.   What, in fact, did happen is rates were slashed for folks at the top  and multinational corporations. The corporations then turned around and  shoveled that money back to the shareholders who, by and large, are  wealthy themselves, and you saw a historic boom in stock buybacks.   Now the sugar high has worn off, and I have been going home for town  meetings open to all. I am going to be in a county this weekend that  President Trump won. I will be listening to people. I won't give any  speeches. I will be just listening to people. What I hear at these  meetings in counties in Oregon that Donald Trump won is that folks see  very little evidence that their lives have changed or that somehow this  tax bill ended up trickling down to them. My sense is, it is amazing  that a bill can cost so much and can borrow so much and fail the middle  class so thoroughly.   There are two issues that are important to focus on going forward,  and we are going to talk about those. There is a lot of talk about how  congressional Republicans and the Trump administration are talking  about another--another--scam tax proposal, basically going to the same  playbook that made the middle class an afterthought 2 years ago. I  think it is important that people understand that all the evidence  indicates this second bill isn't going to focus on the middle class  either.   According to the reports in the press that have been discussing this  new Republican proposal--which is, in effect, an admission that the  first proposal failed the middle class while helping the most  fortunate--what we hear about this new proposal is that Republicans are  considering what would amount to yet another massive handout for folks  at the top of the economic pyramid.   One Trump adviser is reportedly discussing a proposal that would  effectively wipe out the taxation of capital gains, and we all know  that a fraction--a tiny fraction--of the American people get most of  those capital gains, and they happen to be the most fortunate.   The U.S. Tax Code is already a tale of two systems. We have one for  cops and teachers. Their taxes are taken out of every single paycheck.  We have another one for high flyers who can make most of their money,  for example, off investments. To a great extent, because of the laws  that allow them to defer paying their taxes, those high flyers can pay  what they want when they want to. I don't know of any cops or teachers  in North Dakota or Oregon who have that. Their taxes are taken out of  every paycheck once or twice a month. Their system is mandatory.   If you are a high flyer and you make most of your money off  investments, your taxes aren't mandatory, and if you use the doctrine  of tax deferral, you can just defer and defer and defer. And after you  pass, you can hand everything off to your kids, Johnny and Mary, and  they get the stepped-up basis, and then they get to do the same thing.  [[Page S6962]]    You have to have one set of rules that applies to everybody. That is  what we, on our side of the aisle, have been working for. We think you  ought to have one set of tax rules that applies to everybody. That, by  the way, gives everybody in America the chance to be successful. That  is what Bill Bradley--somebody I look to for advice, a member of the  Finance Committee, and another tall Democrat with a lot better jump  shot than mine--but he and Ronald Reagan got together, and they  produced a proposal that gave everybody in America a chance to get  ahead.   That is not what this new Trump tax discussion is all about, this new  proposal. I am not talking about the top paying a fair share. I will  just mention what it could mean for folks at the very top. Wealthy  people whose income is based on capital gains could be off the hook  completely--completely.   The first Trump tax law took what is already broken about our tax  system, and they embedded unfairness to the middle class and made the  problem even worse. They are not going to fix it by doubling down on  the same failed policies.   The second issue that the Trump folks are apparently going to be  focusing on, going forward, is handouts to billionaires and  corporations. That is the big accomplishment to date. It is inseparable  from the Trump agenda, which is all about helping those at the top at  the expense of everyone else.   Donald Trump has sought to kick more than 20 million Americans off  their healthcare since day one. He has tried to gut Medicaid, which is  a lifeline for so many seniors who depend on long-term care and nursing  homes, and it is a centerpiece of our fight against opioid addiction.   The President proposed slashing education funding for students and  teachers and slashing housing funds at a time when millions of  Americans are struggling to afford rent or to cover the mortgage. I can  go on--home heating assistance, Meals on Wheels, same pattern again and  again.   Tax handouts for the most fortunate multinational corporations and  billionaires--the ones we were told would pay for themselves--sent the  deficit into the stratosphere, and then working people and the middle  class, in addition to being an afterthought in terms of benefits, are  expected to endure the pain of the Trump budget cuts.   Middle-class folks know they got a raw deal in the Trump tax law in  2017. That is why it has been so unpopular. I was struck in the  campaign of 2018 by Republicans who thought they had done something  that would be so valuable to the American people. They couldn't even go  out and talk about it with middle-class folks because middle-class  folks would say: We didn't really see much of anything. We might have  gotten a little bit to take the family to dinner, but we don't remember  getting much of anything.   So, on the anniversary of the Trump tax law, the people who are  celebrating are the high flyers and corporate executives who are  tallying up stock buyback benefits and the handouts they got, but if  you work for a living, you really are saying: This sure looks like a  con job.   In the months and years ahead, my Democratic colleagues and I on the  Finance Committee and in our caucus are going to be working with  anybody who is interested in fixing our broken tax system for good. We  have shown that is our interest. Personally, I wrote the only two  comprehensive bipartisan proposals to reform our taxes since Bill  Bradley and Ronald Reagan got together, first with Judd Gregg, then the  chairman of the Budget Committee and, most recently, with our colleague  who is director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats.   So I and others--and I see Tom Carper, a valued member of the Finance  Committee from Delaware here--are committed to working with our  colleagues in a bipartisan way to have a tax system that gives  everybody a chance to get ahead. That is not what we got 2 years ago,  but we want it understood that we are going to continue, and I say  personally, as ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, that we are  going to continue to reach out a hand of welcome to Republicans who  want to work for something different than what passed 2 years ago and a  tax code that would create one set of rules in America, built on  fairness, that applies to all Americans.   I note my colleague from Delaware is here to make remarks on this  subject.   I yield the floor.   