 Mr. President, I think that might have been a hint to  make it quick. Is that right, Senator Udall?    All right, I will. Look, this is an issue that is  critically important to this country. I think when people hear about  it, they are astounded because this is a crisis we don't hear much  about.   According to the National Institute of Justice--listen to these  statistics--more than 80 percent of Native women have experienced  violence, almost half within the last year. On many reservations,  Native American women face murder rates up to 10 times the national  average. The majority of this violence is either sexual or domestic in  nature, and too much of it goes unreported and unprosecuted. That is  why I have taken a three-pronged approach to address this crisis.   No. 1, we need to raise awareness; No. 2, we need to empower the  Tribes around this country; and No. 3, this body needs to implement  some solutions that will help those Tribes address this issue. But  first we must acknowledge that there is an epidemic, an epidemic that-- if we acknowledge it--we can fix.   We have made some progress on this front in the last few years. Since  2016, we have introduced resolutions declaring May 5 the National Day  of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls. We  introduced this resolution in honor of Hanna Harris, a Northern  Cheyenne Tribal member who was murdered in July of 2013, and thousands  of other voices that have been silenced. We introduced this resolution  to underscore the urgency of addressing domestic violence and sexual  assault in Indian Country. We introduced this resolution to amplify the  voice of the people who are on the vanguard, fighting for change--folks  like Briana Lamb, a Missoula-based activist, who was my guest at this  year's State of the Union Address, or Kim Loring, who testified in  front of the Indian Affairs Committee back in December about the  disappearance of her sister, Ashley Loring Heavy Runner, from Browning,  MT.   Increasing awareness isn't where we end. We need to act, and we need  to find and implement solutions. That is why, after leading a Senate  hearing on the MMIW crisis in December, I drafted and introduced the  Studying the Missing and Murdered Indian Crisis Act. This bill directs  the GAO to conduct a full review of how Federal Agencies respond to  reports of missing and murdered Native Americans and recommend  solutions based on their findings.   The House has already passed this bill, along with the rest of the  Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, more than a month ago. The  Senate has yet to take up this package. So instead of waiting around  for Senator McConnell to do his job and bring this bill up for a vote,  I reached out to the GAO directly yesterday. A group of 10 Democrats  and 7 Republicans wrote to the GAO, asking them to conduct this study,  and the GAO agreed. But we can't keep waiting around for the Senate to  actually do its job and legislate. We need to act, and we need to pass  the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act so that we can start  finding and implementing solutions--solutions to problems like Tribal  jurisdiction.   Before 2013, the jurisdictional maze surrounding these crimes made it  nearly impossible for Native authorities to prosecute non-Native  criminals, despite the fact that almost 90 percent of the Native  survivors had experienced violence at the hands of non-Native  offenders. When we reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act back in  2013, we gave Tribal governments the ability to arrest and prosecute  non-Native offenders for sexual and domestic crimes. Since March of  2015, 18 Tribes have used this authority to arrest approximately 150  offenders. As of today, more than half of those arrested resulted in  convictions, and many are still pending trial. Fort Peck is one of the  Tribes on the vanguard, arresting 18 offenders over the last 3 years-- offenders who had gotten away with their abuse for far, far too long.   This year's violence reauthorization act will build upon that 2013  bill and extend Tribal jurisdiction even further, empowering Tribes to  combat this crisis head-on. That is why the Senate needs to pass this  critical legislation and start taking up dozens of other bills that we  have introduced to combat this crisis--bills like Savanna's Act, which  will improve information sharing between the Federal, State, and Tribal  law enforcement agencies and establish better response protocols for  cases of missing people or the Not Invisible Act, a bipartisan bill we  recently introduced that would create an advisory committee to improve  on how Federal law enforcement responds to cases of missing, murdered,  and trafficked persons. Sure, it is nice to hold hearings and to write  letters, but nothing can really happen unless we do our job.   Take funding, for example. We worked hard to secure a 5-percent set- aside for Indian Country in the Crime Victims Fund this year. That is  $168 million that Tribes can now use to prevent violence and support  survivors across Indian Country. But this set-aside disappears next  year if we don't pass the SURVIVE Act to make this funding permanent.   I hope that everybody in the Senate, including the majority, will  finally get behind the Violence Against Women Act and help move these  other bills forward also. Together, we can find solutions to this  crisis and we can support survivors and we can bring their assailants  to justice, but we can't do it if Congress doesn't act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   