 Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I stand in support of an amendment I  [[Page H5908]]  have offered to the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard  Intelligence Authorization Act.   I would like to thank Representative Nunes and Representative Schiff  for their work on this important legislation.   My proposed amendment includes within the report on 5G technology,  the threat to the national security of the United States posed by  telecommunication companies that are subject to the jurisdiction of a  foreign adversary; namely, China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and Syria.   This will cover threats from acquisitions, importations, transfers,  or use of communications technology by any person subject to the  jurisdiction of the United States that involved technology designed,  developed or controlled by a foreign adversary.   As globalization continues to shape the world we live in, it is  increasingly important that the United States prioritizes the security  of our cyber networks and infrastructure. Today, China controls over 60  percent of the 5G networks in the world.   In 2012, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence deemed  telecommunication companies, Huawei and ZTE national security threats.  Seven years later, these companies continue to harm and undermine U.S.  cybersecurity interests. Should the U.S. continue to let these  companies and others like them continue to proliferate our networks, we  are putting the security of our citizens at risk and our national  security.   We must continue our maximum pressure campaign on these malicious  companies until we can ensure that these actors do not pose threats to  our national security.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I rise today to offer an amendment to  H.R. 3494. My amendment No. 28 would require the FBI Director, in  coordination with the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for  Intelligence and Analysis to submit a report on domestic terrorist  activity in the United States to the congressional intelligence  committees.   The report will detail:   Activities conducted by domestic terrorist groups that restrict free  speech using violence or intimidation;   Activities conducted by domestic terrorist groups that are a danger  to human life and are a violation of the criminal laws of the United  States or any State; and   The prevalence of any domestic terrorist group within the United  States and abroad or any group that claimed to be domestic yet have  ties to foreign groups like al-Qaida or other terrorist organizations.   There are abhorrent groups of people within the United States today  whose reasons for existence is violence. They do not respect the rule  of law or the values of America. Yes, we have the First Amendment that  allows for freedom of speech, religion, and assembly, but with those  freedoms, one must exercise responsibility.   They seek to inflict harm on Americans or specific groups of  Americans because of their race, religion, personal beliefs, or other  reasons.   We have seen this evil in recent years with the deadly attacks on the  Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, the attack on the Mother Emanuel  AME Church in Charleston, and, sadly, too many more.   Moreover, we have seen violence used by groups that restrict free  speech, most recently with the attack on Andy Ngo in Portland by the  group Antifa.   We are the most extraordinary Nation because of our belief in and the  adherence to the idea ``that all men are created equal, that they are  endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among  these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,'' with the rule  of law included.   Groups that threaten these notions threaten our country and our very  form of government. It is imperative that Congress be informed of  domestic terrorist activities and understand the prevalence of these  activities.   By keeping Congress informed of these activities, we, as legislators,  may continue to ensure laws are appropriately crafted to protect all  Americans and safeguard the liberties we hold dear.   I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   