 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3889, the ONDCP Technical  Corrections Act of 2019. Simply, this bill makes technical amendments  to a law we passed last Congress.   We moved quickly last Congress to reauthorize the Office of National  Drug Control Policy. The reauthorization was drafted to reinvigorate  the office and give the Trump administration additional authorities to  address the opioid crisis.   Last Congress, the Committee on Oversight and Reform worked across  party lines on a policy solution. President Trump appointed Jim Carroll  to lead that office. The Senate confirmed his nomination earlier this  year.   Since then, Director Carroll has twice testified before the Committee  on Oversight and Reform about the good work the administration is doing  to combat the crisis. This bill will help to further support this  administration's good work.   I want to congratulate the gentleman from California (Mr. Rouda) for  his good work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Hice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1252, introduced by  Representative Tony Cardenas. This bill names the post office located  in Van Nuys, California, in honor of Marilyn Monroe.   Miss Monroe spent her formative years in Van Nuys and attended the  high school in the area. The neighborhood held a special place in her  heart.   She has said it--Van Nuys--was a source of joy, as it served as an  escape from her turbulent childhood, and it was Van Nuys where she was  discovered at the local airport. From there, Marilyn Monroe became one  of America's most famous and recognizable pop icons.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1253, introduced by  Representative Tony Cardenas. This bill names the post office located  in Pacoima, California, in honor of Ritchie Valens.   Valens was born in Pacoima. It was there where he discovered his  passion for music. After his raw talent was noticed by a producer at a  performance, his career took off.   In his short 17 years of life, Valens recorded classic singles, as we  heard, as ``La Bamba,'' ``Donna,'' and ``Come On, Let's Go.''   Tragically, he was killed in a plane crash along with Buddy Holly and  J.P. Richardson, a day now referred to as the day music died.   In 2001, Valens was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.  Although Valens may no longer be with us, his music will endure for  generations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1833, to name a post office  located in Floral Park, New York, in honor of Lieutenant Michael R.  Davidson.   Lieutenant Davidson honorably served the New York City Fire  Department for 15 years. On March 22, 2018, Lieutenant Davidson lost  his life while responding to a five-alarm fire. In dangerous  conditions, Lieutenant Davidson became separated from his unit. When he  was found later, he was unconscious. Lieutenant Davidson passed away  the very next day.   He was known for his bravery and his devotion to his wife and four  young children. Our country owes a debt of gratitude to first  responders like Lieutenant Davidson. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2151. This bill names a post  office located in Pine Plains, New York, in honor of Senior Chief Petty  Officer Shannon M. Kent.   After high school, Petty Officer Kent chose to serve her country,  enlisting in the Navy. She discovered a talent for picking up new  languages at the Defense Language Institute. After she graduated, she  joined the Navy's cryptologic warfare unit.   Between 2007 and 2012, Petty Officer Kent was deployed to Iraq three  times and once to Afghanistan.   In 2018, she was deployed to Syria, where she provided intelligence  on leaders of the Islamic State to the National Security Agency.   On January 16 of this year, Petty Officer Kent was tragically killed  in a suicide bombing in Manbij, Syria. She was only 35 years old, a  mother of two boys.   For her bravery, Petty Officer Kent was the recipient of numerous  honors, including the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and multiple  commendation medals. Her life was cut short, but her service to our  country will not be forgotten.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2451, introduced by my friend,  Representative   David Cicilline. This bill names a post office located  in Central Falls, Rhode Island, in honor of Elizabeth Buffum Chace.   Ms. Chace was born to a Quaker family in 1806 in Providence, Rhode  Island. She would spend her life as a civil rights activist and  eventually be known as the Conscience of Rhode Island.   She played a crucial role in the antislavery movement. She opened her  home as a stop on the Underground Railroad and was a key organizer for  the abolitionists.   Ms. Chace was also a fierce advocate for women's rights and served as  the president of the Rhode Island Women's Suffrage Association.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3144, introduced by  Representative Linda Sanchez. This bill names a post office located in  Whittier, California, in honor of Jose Ramos.   While still in high school, Jose Ramos enlisted in the Army. He  served as a combat medic in Vietnam, during which time he was wounded.  For his bravery and service, Mr. Ramos was awarded the Purple Heart.   Later diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, Mr. Ramos  dedicated his life to supporting his fellow soldiers. Mr. Ramos  understood the criticism and isolation these veterans went through, and  he spent many years trying to change the public's perspective of  servicemembers.   In his later years, Mr. Ramos spoke at universities and schools about  his experiences as a soldier. He was an unforgettable figure in his  community.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3152. The bill names a post  office located in Indianapolis, Indiana, in honor of former Senator  Richard G. Lugar.  [[Page H8174]]    Even before joining the Senate, Dick Lugar dedicated himself to  public service. Senator Lugar worked as an intelligence officer in the  Navy, served on the Indianapolis school board, and spent 8 years as the  mayor of Indianapolis.   In 1976, Senator Lugar was elected to the United States Senate.  Senator Lugar became Indiana's longest serving Senator, serving 36  years until his retirement in 2013.   While in office, Senator Lugar had a wide range of accomplishments  that covered many policy areas. He twice chaired the Senate Committee  on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and worked on bipartisan farm  program reforms. Senator Lugar also spent 34 years on the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee and twice served as chair.   Senator Lugar has received countless awards, including the 2013  Presidential Medal of Freedom and 47 honorary degrees.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3207. This bill names the post  office located in Hookstown, Pennsylvania, in honor of Air Force Staff  Sergeant Dylan Elchin.   In 2012, shortly after high school, Dylan enlisted as an Air Force  special tactics combat controller. Dylan was assigned to the 26th  Special Tactics Squadron at Cannon Air Force Base in New Mexico.   Dylan was deployed to Afghanistan in August of 2018. Just a few  months later, he was killed by a roadside bomb.   Staff Sergeant Elchin received several honors, including the Bronze  Star, Purple Heart, and Army Commendation with Valor. Today, we honor  Staff Sergeant Elchin's life, bravery, and sacrifice.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3314 introduced by myself. This  bill names a post office as the Lake Havasu City Combat Veterans  Memorial Post Office Building.   The post office will honor six brave men from the city who died  serving their country.   Carey Dean Harmon lost his life bravely fighting the Tet Offensive.   Scott Broadston fought valiantly in Vietnam and lost his life during  a combat assault.   In 2006, Patrick Tinnell was the first from Lake Havasu City to be  killed in action during the global war on terror.   Anthony Sausto lost his life fighting in Baghdad, Iraq, in 2007.   Dylan Reid served in Amarah, Iraq, where he died in 2010. He is  survived by his daughter, Avery.   Finally, Carl Hammar emigrated from Sweden to the United States and  joined the Army while in college. He served two tours in Iraq and one  in Afghanistan, where he died in combat.   Mr. Speaker, in recognition of these men and their selfless service  to this Nation, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3329 introduced by  Representative Norma Torres.   This bill names a post office located in Montclair, California, in  honor of Paul Eaton.  [[Page H8176]]    Paul Eaton was a dedicated civic leader in Montclair for 48 years of  his life. In 1970, he was a founding member of Montclair's Community  Action Committee. Mr. Eaton spent 18 years with the Community Action  Committee, advocating on behalf of residents.   In 1988, he was elected to the city council. Mr. Eaton went on to  become the mayor of Montclair and served for 23 consecutive years,  making him the longest-serving mayor in Montclair's history.   Mr. Eaton left a lasting legacy in the city. His achievements include  vital improvements to the city's critical infrastructure and  facilities.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill for my friend, Norma  Torres, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Montana (Mr. Gianforte), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Utah (Mr. Curtis), my friend and Western Caucus member.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1196, introduced by Senator  Tammy Baldwin. This bill names a post office located in Sun Prairie,  Wisconsin, in honor of Fire Captain Cory Barr.   Cory Barr knew from an early age that he wanted to become a  firefighter. At 18, he volunteered with the Sun Prairie Fire Department  and became the youngest firefighter in the department's history.   On July 10, 2018, Captain Barr responded to an explosion from a  natural gas leak. He, sadly, passed away while working to save over 100  lives from the fire.   Captain Barr is remembered for his service, courage, and dedication  to the community. He continues to be an inspiration to young  firefighters in Sun Prairie and across the State of Wisconsin.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   