 Mr. President, we have a debt issue in America. For  some reason, we are losing track of that. The economy is so good right  now. Unemployment is at historic numbers. The inflation numbers have  stayed down. More Americans are bringing home more take-home pay, which  means they can buy more stuff. More job opportunities are out there. In  fact, we literally have 1.5 million more job openings in America than  we have people looking for work in America.   With the economy going so well right now, everyone is losing track of  the debt and deficit, which are not going well right now. Last year,  the Federal Treasury received more tax revenues than it has ever  received in the history of the United States, which is surprising to  some folks I have talked to who said that there was a big tax cut in  2017, so that would mean tax revenue would go down. It didn't. It went  up.   When that tax cut occurred, more people were able to bring home more  money and to spend more, which created more jobs. There was more  investment, and the economy charged up. So we actually have more  revenue coming in now than we used to have, but we still have a  trillion-dollar deficit. That is the amount of overspending in a single  year. We have the highest amount of revenue we have ever had. Yet we  have epic levels of deficit spending, adding to $23 trillion in total  debt as a nation--$23 trillion. It is a number none of us can even  fathom.   We are approaching a time when it would take the income of every  single American for the entire year to be collected as taxes to pay off  our debt. We are at 95 percent total debt to GDP. These kinds of  numbers can't be sustained, and everyone quietly knows it in the back  of their mind, but dealing with debt and deficit seem to be something  we will deal with in the future--someday, someday, someday.   I am here to encourage this body to say that we should be taking on  the issues of debt and deficit now. The two things that have to occur  in order to get on top of our debt and deficit are to get a growing  economy with growing revenues--we have that now--and then we have to  deal with Federal spending.   What would it take to manage Federal spending? We are so far out of  balance. A trillion dollars--literally we could shut down the entire  Department of Defense, the Department of Education, the State  Department--we could close down every single one of those, and we still  wouldn't balance in a year. And no one would propose doing that. There  is no 1-year fix to trying to get on top of our deficit; this will be a  multiyear process.   Just to state how bad it has become, if we chipped away at our  deficit for the next 10 years--for 10 years, chipped away at our  deficit to get us back to just balance--and then we had a $100 billion  surplus the next year, which would be an enormous surplus, with a $100  billion surplus--it would take us 230 years in a row of having a $100  billion surplus in our Treasury just to deal with our debt. It would  take 230 years in a row of $100 billion surpluses.   Again, we are not just out of balance; we are way out of balance.  There is no one secret thing we can do to get us back on track, but we  do need to get started. That is why our team puts out something we call  ``Federal Fumbles.'' The ``Federal Fumbles'' guide is something we put  out every single year. It is just a group of ideas. It is no magic  bullet. It is just something our office puts out that looks at areas of  inefficiency across the Federal Government and ask: Why is this  happening the way it is happening, and what would happen if we continue  doing the same things we are doing? Are there areas where we can save  money and that we would be OK with as a group?   We are not trying to put out partisan ideas; we are just putting out  ideas. Quite frankly, the ``Federal Fumbles'' guide is not a  confrontation for this body; it is the opening salvo in a conversation.  We are bringing our ideas. You may have different ideas. Great. Bring  yours. Let's try to figure out how to solve this together because this  last year, we paid $371 billion just in interest payments on our debt.  This fiscal year, we paid $423 billion just in interest. That is $423  billion that is not going to healthcare, transportation, the basic  structure of our government, or the national defense. It is $423  billion spent on interest payments, and it just goes away.   We are asking questions as we put out this Federal Fumbles guide. How  do we solve this? What are some ideas?   We have simple questions such as, why did the Social Security office  pay $11.6 million to deceased beneficiaries in Puerto Rico?   We ask questions such as, why did the government pay almost half a  billion dollars last year on temporary tents--not buying them, renting  temporary tents--along our southern border? Was there a better way that  could have been done other than half a billion dollars in cost?   We have some questions about the 21 government shutdowns that have  occurred in the last 40 years, including the one earlier this year.  That shutdown cost the Federal taxpayer over $4 billion.   We ask straightforward questions about things like tax credits. If  you like the Tesla that you pull up next to  [[Page S6833]]  at a stoplight and you gaze at its beauty and think that is a beautiful  car, well, great, I am glad you like it because you helped pay for it.  All of those Teslas that are on the road--$7,500 of the cost of that  Tesla was paid by you, the Federal taxpayer. So what you should do at a  stoplight is roll down your window and say to the person driving the  Tesla: It is my turn. I helped pay for the car. Why don't you let me  drive it for the rest of the day?   We ask questions about grants for such things as sea lions in Russia  because the U.S. taxpayer gave almost $2 million to study sea lions in  Russia last year. We spent $600,000 doing a documentary on Joseph  Stalin. We spent a big chunk of money actually studying the Russian flu  in 1889. Why did we do that?   Some of these things are small, and some of them are large.   We laid out a proposal dealing with prescription drugs because the  way the tiering is done on prescription drugs now costs the Federal  taxpayer $22 billion. That is because generic drugs were placed on a  higher cost branded tier, so the Federal taxpayer and the consumer end  up paying not the generic price but the more expensive branded price  when they could have paid the lower price. That is a cost of $22  billion for just that one piece.   We laid out a whole set of ideas and said: Let's just look at them  together.   This Congress passed $380 million that was sent out to the States to  help with election security. After the Russians were clearly trying to  interfere with our elections in 2016, we decided to do something about  it to help our States. So $380 million was sent out to the States to do  the work that was needed to be done to upgrade election security  equipment and to be prepared for 2020.   As of this last July, of the $380 million sent to the States, the  States have only spent a little over $100 million. They have literally  banked the other $250 million and just saved it and said: We will use  it sometime. The 2020 elections are coming. The money was allocated,  but it has not actually been spent and used for election security.   We want to highlight issues and find ways to solve them. We didn't  try to bring partisan ideas; we just brought ideas.   This is our fifth volume. We have had other editions that dealt with  other issues that need to be resolved. In the back of the book, we  actually put out what we call the ``Touchdowns'' and the forward  progress. These are some of the things we listed in previous versions  that we actually looked at and can say we have made some progress on  these things in trying to actually solve them. That is because at times  we complain about what is happening in government, but we don't  identify the good things, and there are a lot of good things that are  actually happening.   This Senate passed the GREAT Act. The GREAT Act dramatically  increases the way we handle data on grants. About $600 billion a year  in the Federal Government is spent just on grants. We think there needs  to be greater oversight on that, and this Senate has agreed. This  Senate has sent the GREAT Act over to the House and has said: Let's try  to resolve how we can be more effective in how we do grants and be more  transparent in the process and streamline the data itself to make it  easier on those requesting a grant, as well as allowing for more  transparency in where the Federal dollars are going. We don't want to  just complain about the way grants are done; we want to try to actually  fix it.   We highlight multiple other areas where we have made real progress in  the past year tackling some of the things we have listed in previous  versions of ``Federal Fumbles.''   But I do want to remind this body that while we talk about some of  these hard issues, we often break into Republican-Democratic fights  over hard issues. America is more than an economy, and while the  economy is extremely important, we are Americans. We are Americans  together. While we struggle to deal with hard issues, such as debt and  deficit and what is going to be done to resolve this, we just can't  conveniently go into our corners and make speeches and say that we have  tried; we have to sit down and do hard things and do hard things  together.   That is why we are opening this conversation. That is why we keep  this conversation going, because I do believe that while the economy is  important, who we are and how we value each other is just as important  because we have the responsibility to solve this. Again, other offices  may have other ideas on how to resolve it. Great. Let's bring all those  ideas together. Let's get 100 books like this, and everyone bring their  ideas. Then let's actually do the work to solve this in the future.   We are Americans. We do hard things. This one is going to be hard,  and it is going to take a long time, but it doesn't get easier if we  don't start, and it doesn't get done until we begin. So I am  challenging us today to begin. Let's deal with the ways we have fumbled  the ball in the past, and let's solve our debt and deficit together  over the years into the future.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   