 Mr. President, I don't have a speech prepared. I just  want to share a few thoughts with my colleagues. What I am about to say  I intend to say gently and constructively, and that is this: We need to  do more. We need to do more. By ``we,'' I mean the U.S. Congress.   We have completed almost 25 percent of the time allotted to this  current Congress. And what have we done? Other than nominations, which  are important--and I will come back to that--we have done nothing-- zero, zilch, nada.   Let me talk about my friends in the House of Representatives first. I  have great respect for them. I wish I had served in the House. I would  have loved to have had that experience. So far, our friends in the  House--at least the leadership--have done two things. No. 1, they have  passed bills they know have not a hope in Hades of passing the U.S.  Senate. We call those bills messaging bills, as you know. They are not  designed for the next generation. They are designed for the next  election. They don't do anything to make the American people any more  secure or improve the quality of their lives, and we all know that.   The second thing that my friends in the House leadership have done-- and I say this with all the respect I can muster--is to harass the  President.   Again, I say this gently, and I say this, hopefully, constructively  to my friends in the House leadership: The House leadership needs to  urinate or get off the pot. The House leadership needs to indict the  President of the United States, impeach him, and let us hold a trial-- he will not be convicted--or they need to go ahead and hold in contempt  every single member of the Trump administration so we can move those  issues into our court system and get back to doing the people's  business.   Now, if they decide to go the court route, I would caution my friends  to be very, very careful because once it enters the court system, it  becomes a zero-sum game. One or two things are going to happen. Either  the administration will win, in which case the oversight authority of  the U.S. Congress will be undermined, or the House leadership will win,  in which case no American with a brain above a single-cell organism is  going to want to run for President of the United States, because  Congress will be able to find out everything about your life, even the  most intimate details, whether it is relevant to your job or not and  whether it happened when you were President or not.   What I hope happens is that my friends in the House leadership and  the administration sit down and talk--not talk like 8-year-olds in the  back of a minivan fighting but talk constructively about how their  behavior could impact important institutions in this country--and work  it out.   I thank the Attorney General for making overtures to the House  leadership to try to find common ground.   Now, let me talk about the Senate. We need to do more. I am not  saying we haven't done anything. We have confirmed some very important  nominees to the Trump administration. It is long overdue. They are fine  men and women. We have confirmed some very fine men and women to the  Federal Judiciary, and I believe they will make this country safer and  will make this country better. I am very proud of that effort. So let  me say it again. I am not saying we have done nothing. I am saying we  need to do more.   There are issues where our Democratic friends and my Republican  friends have more in common than we don't. We need to bring the bills  to the floor of the Senate. Everyone has their own list, and everyone  in the Senate knows what I am talking about, whether they will say it  or not.   What is one of the things that moms and dads worry about when they  lie down at night and can't sleep? The cost of prescription drugs.  There is bipartisan support for prescription drug reform.   I just read a study in the Journal of the American Medical  Association. They studied the U.S. healthcare delivery system and the  healthcare delivery systems of all other wealthy countries. So it is  apples to apples. In America, we pay about $1,500 for every man, woman,  or child every year for pharmaceutical drugs. In the average rich  country, other countries pay $750.   I am not criticizing our pharmaceutical drug companies. What they do  is marvelous. We live longer. They save money. They keep us out of  hospitals. But why is everybody else paying $750 and our people are  paying $1,500? There are things we can do that will help make the  pharmaceutical industry better but also help consumers. Do you know  what we are doing about it? Nothing. We need to bring a bill to the  floor.   I could give you another example. We all know there needs to be  reform of our National Emergency Act. We know that. It is not about  President Trump. It is about institutions, checks and balances, and  Madisonian separation of powers.   We could do something together to get rid of spam robocalls. I get  about 12 a day.   Rob Portman has a great bill that would end government shutdowns. We  have more in common on that than we don't.   We need a supplemental disaster bill. We have Americans who are  hurting. In my State, after Katrina, we were flat on our backs. If it  hadn't been for the American taxpayer, we would have never risen to our  knees, much less to our feet. We have other Americans and friends in  Puerto Rico who need help. We ought to be able to work it out.   I could keep going. Everybody has their own list.   I don't care whether we move a bill through committee or whether we  bring a bill directly to the floor of the Senate--I am in labor, not  management; that is above my pay grade--but we need to try. We need to  try.   I understand it is an election cycle. I get that. I say to the  Presiding Officer, I am a politician. You know that. But we are always  in an election cycle. When are we not in an election cycle? And I  understand some of my colleagues with a lot more experience than I  have--and I listen carefully to them, and I try to listen carefully to  them--are thinking right now: Kennedy, that is just not the way it is  done here.  [[Page S3033]]    Well, by God, maybe it is not, but maybe it should be.   I know some of my friends are thinking: Kennedy, if we do that, we  are taking too big of a political risk.   Maybe we are. Maybe we will win.   I just think that there are bills that will make the American people  able to live better lives, and we ought to spend a little more time  thinking about the next generation than the next election.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   