 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this bill to improve access  to quality health coverage, protect the Affordable Care Act, and cut  prescription drug costs for consumers.   Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, the administration has consistently  undermined quality, affordable coverage that Americans have come to  expect. House Republicans actually passed a bill last year that CBO  concluded would provide coverage for over 20 million fewer people,  would increase premiums 20 percent the first year, would cover less,  and would jeopardize protections for those with preexisting conditions.   We can do better.   Mr. Chairman, I want to speak on one important provision of H.R. 987  that reverses the administration's attempt to proliferate junk  insurance plans.   Mr. Chairman, for healthier, younger Americans, short-term junk plans  may sound like a good idea. Unfortunately, those policies will fail to  cover essential benefits and will lack consumer protections. They may  not provide decent coverage for when they get sick.   The major problem with the proliferation of junk plans is the fact  that they allow insurance companies to sell plans to healthy people  only, meaning that everybody else would be in an insurance pool that is  sicker than they are today. While a privileged few may pay less,  everybody else will pay more.   In fact, one study showed that the combination of all these junk  plans and lack of mandates and other sabotage of the Affordable Care  Act could result in thousands of dollars more for everybody else to  pay.   These plans will raise costs for most Americans, and that is a step  in the wrong direction.  [[Page H3864]]    Mr. Chairman, we should be reducing the cost of insurance for most  Americans, not increasing the cost.   Mr. Chair, this bill will prevent the administration from going in  the wrong direction, so I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 987.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Adams).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Clarke).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Shalala).    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds  to the gentlewoman from Florida.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much  time each side has remaining.    Mr. Chairman, do I have the right to close?    Mr. Chairman, I am ready to close, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, I just want to say a final word about these junk plans.   The problem with them is that you allow them to screen for  preexisting conditions and have lower benefits. That might be a good  idea for the person buying the plan, but what happens is under the  Affordable Care Act everybody pays an average. If you let healthy  people buy these junk plans, everybody else's premium will go up.   This sabotage has been estimated with this and the other sabotage,  thousands of dollars more for everybody else left behind.   So I rise today in support of the bill, which will improve access to  quality health coverage, protect the Affordable Care Act and cut  prescription drugs cost.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   