 Madam Speaker, ``At the bedrock of our politics will be  a total allegiance to the United States of America, and through our  loyalty to our country, we will rediscover our loyalty to each other.''  That was what President Trump promised us on the day he was  inaugurated.   Over the past few months, our President has broken that promise. He  has lied. He has corrupted. He has obstructed.   Our President threatened the security of an ally under attack unless  they were willing to investigate a fellow American citizen, a political  opponent, to benefit his reelection campaign. And he used your taxpayer  dollars to do it.   His Chief of Staff has confirmed it. The Ambassador of Ukraine  confirmed it. A Purple Heart recipient confirmed it. The President  admitted it himself.   So now, we have to decide if the lies, the corruption, the coverups,  and the abuse of power should be allowed by this President or any man  or woman who will hold office after him. That choice should be clear.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for his leadership on  this bill and his unwavering commitment to both his home State and our  environment.   Madam Chair, this legislation isn't just about protecting our land  and natural resources for generations to come.   It isn't just about ensuring the water rights for the Havasupai Tribe  and indigenous people our country has long abused and ignored.   It is not just about the tourism industry that could crumble and  threaten the local economies that depend on it.   It isn't even just about the health of our environment, our air, our  water, and our children.   It is about the choices that we make and the priorities that we  share.   It is about finally choosing people over profits.   It is about finally choosing the long-term health of our planet and  our children over the short-term reward of stripping our resources and  leaving devastation and destruction behind.   By passing the Grand Canyon Centennial Protection Act, we will show  the people of Arizona, and countless other Americans who have been  sidelined by powerful special interests, that they are still heard,  that they are still seen, and that they will not be dismissed by their  government.   