 Mr. President, I applaud President Trump for the restraint,  the  [[Page S5871]]  resolve, and the commitment to constitutional principles that he  demonstrated when he decided not to have the United States go into  Syria, not to continue to involve our troops in a looming conflict in  Syria.   I agree that it is a horrible situation. I agree that we have people  running both Syria and Turkey who are not our friends and who have  shown significant hostility toward us. It is precisely because of that  and not in spite of it that we shouldn't be there, especially when you  take into account that we do not have a declaration of war relative to  Syria. We do not have an authorization for the use of military force  with regard to Syria. Under our system of government, the U.S.  Constitution placed the power to declare war or otherwise authorize the  use of military force in Congress. This was no accident. It is the  branch of the Federal Government most accountable to the people at the  most regular intervals.   This was a significant break from our previous system of government-- the one that was based in London. In Federalist No. 69, Alexander  Hamilton explained that this was no accident, that under the British  model, the King, as the chief executive, had the power to take the  country to war. It was Parliament's job, then, to follow along, to  figure out what to do about it and how to fund it.   This would not be the case in the American Republic. This is not the  case under our Constitution. Yet, sadly, for decades we have had a  Congress consisting of Republicans and Democrats, Senators and  Representatives who have allowed the legislative muscle to atrophy, who  have refused and declined to exercise the power to declare war.   In that context, I have heard Republicans and Democrats, Senators and  Representatives alike, defer again and again and again to Presidents of  every conceivable partisan combination, saying: Let the President  decide what we do.   Through our own inaction, we have essentially relinquished the power  to declare war.   Why does this matter? This is the only connection the American people  have to the power to declare war. When we send their brave sons and  daughters into harm's way, we owe it to them to have an open, public  robust debate and discussion in which we make a deal with them, in  which we outline the terms for our engagement.   We don't have that in Syria. There are those who are upset that we  don't, and I understand that they are upset that we don't. If they are  upset that we don't, it is not as though we are a victim. We are the  actor, not the acted upon. We have the power right here and right now  to bring up a proposal. If they want to declare war with regard to  Syria, let's have that discussion.   I am not a fan of war. I am not a fan of war starting on behalf of  the United States anywhere in the world right now, but if somebody  wants to make that discussion, let's have it, and let's debate it.   But what people shouldn't be doing is criticizing President Trump,  who has shown restraint and shown deference to the American people, who  wants to protect our sons and daughters who would be protecting us. He  is saying: Maybe, just maybe, when you have a bad guy in Turkey,  wanting to do some things in Syria with regard to the Kurds, maybe,  just maybe, when you take into account the fact that Turkey is, in  fact, a NATO ally and we have a NATO article 5 obligation to do  something about that, that is going to lead to full-blown war. We  should therefore respect him. We should be grateful to him for taking  that step of restraint.   This President has been unique in modern history in not blindly  deferring to the military industrial complex. I thank him for that and  salute his willingness to stand behind our brave men and women.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I thank and  commend my friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator from  Wisconsin, for her work on this effort. I am not familiar with this  legislation. I don't serve on the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee. I have friends who do. I have friends who couldn't  be here today but who have asked me to voice objection on their behalf.   On behalf of the senior Senator from Tennessee, Senator Alexander, I  object.    Mr. President, I rise yet again today to speak about an  issue near and dear to my heart and an issue that has become the focus  of many of my passions here in the Senate, and that is the Fairness for  High-Skilled Immigrants Act. This is an important and overwhelmingly  bipartisan piece of legislation. It is a piece of legislation that  passed the House in July by an overwhelming vote of 365 to 65.   Two of these things should strike the American people as remarkable:  No. 1, that something with that much of a bipartisan margin passed in  the House of Representatives, and No. 2, that it deals with  immigration, and it was still that overwhelmingly bipartisan.   As I explained in this Chamber before, the concept of this  legislation is simple. Our current method for allocating green cards  caps the total number of green cards that nationals of any one country  may receive. In practice, this results in severe de facto  discrimination on the basis of country of origin. Immigrants from  countries with large populations are restricted to receiving the same  number of visas as immigrants from smaller countries. Their wait times  have ballooned, in some cases stretching out literally for decades. The  problem compounds over time, and it has become even more unfair than it  was many decades ago when it was first enacted into law.   I repeat, this happens for absolutely no reason other than the  country in which the immigrant was born. Let's say that two  immigrants--one from India and the other from Germany--with the exact  same skills, the exact same degrees, and the exact same job experience  apply at the same hour of the same day for an employment-based green  card. The German might wait maybe 12 months to receive a green card.  Well, the Indian applicant will almost certainly wait a decade or far  more. This kind of system is antithetical to American values and to the  interest our country has in recruiting the very best and the very  brightest from around the world irrespective of race, religion, or  country of origin.   It is simply unacceptable that in 2019 our immigration system still  contains country-of-origin discrimination as a defining feature. The  per-country caps simply must go. They are wrong. They were never good  policy. Whatever policy they might have had in mind decades ago, it  escapes me--except, in fact, that the policy itself was wrong at the  outset. It has become more wrong over time as these problems have  compounded.   The obviousness of the moral error embedded within this legislation  is more profound and easily visible today than it has ever been. If you  were to describe this to anyone, they would scratch their head and say:  Why would you want to do that unless you are engaging in some type of  discrimination that we as a country understandably abandoned a long  time ago and should no longer embrace?   The harm inflicted by any kind of invidious discrimination, whether  it be on the basis of race or sex or country of origin, does not exist  simply in the abstract, in the ether; the human suffering caused by it  happens to be real and heartbreaking.   Although, in the time we have here this afternoon to discuss this, I  am sure I can't come anywhere close to doing justice to all the people  who are being harmed by the per-country cap system, I would like to  share at least a few of their stories so that you understand how this  law operates. I find that when you tell stories about a law, people  understand the law and they understand what needs to change about the  law a lot more than they would have otherwise.   Agna Hingu is a registered nurse who lives in South Jordan, UT,  currently working at a nonprofit healthcare organization in Utah. She  received her bachelor's degree in this country. She has lived in this  country for the past 10 years. Languishing in the decade-long backlog,  she is now being forced to consider leaving the United States due to  the continuous uncertainty of her immigration status and the incessant  renewals of temporary visas. If she leaves, she will take her talents  and her training with her, depriving Utah's residents of a smart,  skilled, kind, and caring nurse.   Ashish Patel first came to Utah legally in 2005 on a temporary high- skilled work visa. Since that time, he has worked hard at his job, paid  taxes, followed the law, got married, and had two kids, both of whom  were born as American citizens. In February of 2011, Mr. Patel's  petition to earn a green card was approved. Despite this and despite  the fact that 8, going on 9 years have now elapsed, his green card  remains unissued. Why? Well, solely because of the arbitrary, wrong,  discriminatory per-country caps. Ashish Patel is still in the backlog  even as immigrants of other countries who have applied years and years  after he did and years and years after he received his approval have  already been granted permanent resident status. If Mr. Patel had  emigrated from any country in the world other than India, he would  already have his green card today.   Dr. Chaitanya Mamillapalli is an endocrinologist who has been serving  in central Illinois for the past 9 years. He came to the United States  in 2007. He will likely not receive his green card for at least another  decade. His daughter was 1 year old when she came with her parents to  this country. In a few years, she will age out of her temporary visa,  and Dr. Mamillapalli will face a decision that confronts many people  stuck in the backlog community: Does he separate from his daughter as  she loses her temporary status, or does he abandon his life in the  United States in order to keep his family together?   Dr. Priya Shanmugam lives in Louisiana and is an aerospace engineer  who studied at the University of Alabama and at UCLA. She dreams of  working for NASA. After 13 years in the backlog, she is still waiting  for a green card. As a result of that, she cannot fulfill her dream of  joining America's space team and helping put the first person on Mars.  Until she finally gets her green card, our country will continue to  lose out on her talent.   Dr. Krishnendu Roy is a professor of computer science and head of the  Department of Computer Science at Valdosta State University in Georgia.  He studied for his degree in Louisiana and has lived in the United  States for over 16 years. During that time, he shaped the lives of  countless students in Georgia through the classes he teaches by  organizing computing camps for K-12 students and by mentoring the  robotics team in his community. He has followed the law, and he has  done exactly what is required of him under our immigration system in  order to earn his green card. Yet he remains stuck in the  [[Page S5873]]  backlog, with no end to his wait in sight.   Dr. Sri Obulareddy is an oncologist working just outside Dickinson,  ND, who came to the United States in 2006. She moved to North Dakota  because the area is experiencing a shortage of specialized physicians.  Her impact on the community has been invaluable. Recently, she tried to  return from a trip to India, but approval for her visa was delayed for  6 weeks, forcing her patients to travel as far as 100 miles as they  scrambled the find a temporary physician. The pain this caused her  patients would never have come about if she had not been subjected to  an arbitrary, discriminatory cap based on her country of origin and had  already received her green card.    Ash Kannan lives in Oklahoma. His story is a heartbreaking example of  the devastating effects of the long wait for a green card and the  effects that a family can endure under this system. Ash and his wife  lost their toddler son to a congenital disease about 3 years ago. The  illness that took their son could have been treated had they been able  to move to a different home, one closer to the medical facility that  provided the necessary treatment. They were unable to do so, and their  son was thus unable to receive the care he required, that he needed,  because Ash was forced to remain with the same employer while he waited  in the green card backlog and, consequently, was unable to move.   These are just some of the names and stories of some of the hard- working, law-abiding immigrants who have come to the United States to  build lives and to contribute to our communities but who have been told  that because of the countries in which they were born, they have to  wait decades in the green card backlog before they can start living the  American dream.   These stories stir us to action, and they darned well should. They  should remind us that while policymaking is often messy and  complicated, it is sometimes simple and straightforward because  sometimes you stumble across something that is a good idea. Sometimes  you stumble across something that was a bad idea that was put into law  decades ago that should be taken out of the law. Sometimes the solution  to our problems is clear and beyond question. In those cases, all we  need is the will to act.   I have yet to hear someone offer a reasoned defense of the per- country caps as meritorious or sound public policy on their own terms,  and that is because there is no such defense, at least not one that  anyone would be willing to defend in public. Country-of-origin  discrimination, whether it be in our immigration system, in our justice  system, in the employment context, or in housing, is wrong and  inconsistent with the values upon which our country was founded. It  becomes even more repugnant when its human consequences are as obvious  and tragic and focused on people of a particular country of origin as  they are here.   With respect to the ancestors of the people now serving in this body,  what if there had been something in place that had arbitrarily and  unfairly discriminated against people from England, Ireland, Scotland,  Wales, Denmark, or other countries from which people have been  immigrating to America for centuries?   We should think about that for a moment and think about how we would  never have been able to have enjoyed the blessings of America. I think  it is equally wrong for us to identify a single country that we punish,  that we exclude uniquely against other countries of origin in the  context of employment-based immigrant visas.   I understand and recognize that while the per-country caps themselves  are completely indefensible--and they are--some people have concerns  about how eliminating the caps might impact fraud and abuse within the  H-1B system. That is a legitimate concern.   To address those very concerns in this Congress, I have negotiated  with Senator Grassley an amendment to the Fairness for High-Skilled  Immigrants Act to include some new protections for American workers in  how we process applications for H-1B visas.   The amendment does three things. First, the Grassley amendment would  strengthen the Department of Labor's ability to investigate and enforce  labor application requirements. In addition, it reforms the labor  condition application process to ensure the complete and adequate  disclosure of information regarding the employers' H-1B hiring  practices. Finally, it closes off loopholes by which employers could  otherwise circumvent the annual cap on H-1B visa workers.   These are important and worthy reforms that I was happy to add to the  bill. Indeed, we saw an example just last month of the positive impact  these reforms would have. In September, Immigration and Customs  Enforcement announced a $2.5 million settlement with an Indian  consulting firm for H-1B visa fraud. That firm was exploiting the so- called ``B-1 in lieu of H-1B'' loophole. One of the new provisions we  added to the bill this Congress would help close that specific  loophole.   Importantly, the Grassley amendment, like the underlying bill,  consists of provisions that have long enjoyed support from Members of  both sides of the aisle. They are drawn primarily from an H-1B reform  bill that has been championed by both Senator Grassley and Senator  Durbin. They are also modeled, in large part, on an amendment to the  Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act that Senator Schumer  negotiated with Senator Grassley in a previous Congress.   I am grateful that Senator Grassley was able to come to the table and  work with me and others in good faith on a reasonable compromise to  this bill. I believe the deal we struck is a fair and even-handed way  to address longstanding concerns about our H-1B system, while  eliminating country-of-origin discrimination in how we allocate skills- based green cards.   As I have said in the past, there is no question that immigration, if  not the single most politically fraught issue, is one of the most  politically fraught issues in Congress right now. That makes it all the  more important for us to at least come together to get something done  in those areas in which we can find common ground. It is a little bit  like eating an elephant. You can't swallow the whole thing at once,  either the elephant or the donkey. You have to do it one bite at a  time. Why not start with an area in which there is broad-based,  bipartisan agreement? That is what this bill is. The Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act is an important step toward common ground.   Unquestionably, there are broader debates on immigration policy being  had in Congress and across the country right now. Some wish to reform  our immigration system by increasing the number of green cards we issue  while others wish to move to a more merit-based system. That debate is  almost certainly not going to be resolved this day, today, or this  month or this year or, perhaps, even during this Congress.   Notably, however, many Senators on both sides of that debate--ardent  champions of both liberal and conservative immigration reforms, who  ordinarily could not be farther apart when it comes to immigration  policy--are cosponsors of the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act.  The reason this is the case is that they recognize that regardless of  what else we might do to reform our immigration system, country-of- origin discrimination is outdated, outmoded, immoral, morally  indefensible, and inconsistent with our values. It is also a problem  that we can solve right now.   The other reason the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act has  been so successful in attracting support from both sides of the aisle  and from every end along the political continuum is that we have  scrupulously avoided the typical poison pill provisions that so often  doom attempts at immigration reform. We have also quite carefully  avoided this becoming about so many things that it is going to become  controversial no matter what.   This bill is not comprehensive immigration reform. It is not anything  close to that. That is, in fact, why this bill is something that we can  get done right now. It is the reason it was able to pass the House of  Representatives with 365 votes.   While it does not fix many of the other flaws that plague other  components of our broken, outdated, outmoded, Elvis Presley, Buddy  Holly-era immigration law system, it is a great and important step  toward reform. If we are ever going to have a chance at  [[Page S5874]]  modernizing and repairing our immigration laws, we need to recognize  that we cannot necessarily solve all of our problems at once. The fact  that this is the case should not stand in our way of starting the work  the American people sent us here to do.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the  Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1044 and  that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous  consent that the Lee amendment at the desk be agreed to, that the bill,  as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I want to  make sure I understand that the Senator wants to make his live UC  request after the rollcall vote.    There is no objection.    Mr. President, how much time remains?    Mr. President, I will be brief.   Just as the per-country cap system is a quintessential example of the  poorly designed, broken system and of what a poorly designed broken  system looks like, the objection that we have heard today is, I fear,  emblematic of the broken state of affairs that we face when it comes to  the immigration process.   I mentioned earlier that one of the reasons this bill has been able  to achieve as much support and as many cosponsors as it has and why it  was able to pass the House of Representatives with 365 votes is that we  have avoided poison pill efforts. The adjustment of the overall numbers  that my friend and distinguished colleague from Illinois has proposed  would doom this bill. He knows that it would doom this bill.   To what avail? To what end? What good would it do to doom this bill?   The fact still remains that regardless of where we put the overall  number for employment-based green cards, we still have a problem in  that we are treating people from India unfairly, arbitrarily, and  discriminatorily. This has impacts everywhere. In Illinois today, there  are over 40,000 green card applicants, plus their spouses and children,  who are stuck in an interminable green card backlog that is morally  indefensible.   We must change this. I hope and I encourage my colleague to change  his mind. We can pass this today. We could make our country a better  place as a result.   Thank you.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the request  the Senator is describing is not one that can pass the body and  certainly is not one that can pass this body unanimously.   He is absolutely right. My friend and distinguished colleague from  Illinois is correct in noting that I have had conversations and  negotiations with Republicans, and I have also had conversations and  negotiations with Democrats. I have been working on this for nearly 9  years. At every moment, we have made concessions to people on both  sides of the aisle.   I wish the solution he is offering today were something that could  allow us to pass the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act. Alas, it  is not.   I would note that it is not as though this is something new or  objectionable or even something that the passage of which would amount  to a concession on his part. For one thing, the Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act is a bill that he was an original cosponsor of  in a previous Congress. This is his bill. You might ask what is  different about the bill he championed a few years ago and the  substitute amendment I put forward earlier today. The answer is that,  aside from a short subsection that temporarily alleviates nursing  shortages in parts of this country, the only thing we have changed is  that we have added a variety of new provisions to combat some abuse in  the H-1B program.   As I have said, these provisions are drawn almost verbatim from the  Durbin-Grassley H-1B reform bill, of which my colleague from Illinois  has long been the lead Democratic cosponsor.   The only other thing that has changed from the time when the Senator  from Illinois would have stood by my side instead of in opposition and  helped to pass this bill is the problem that he sought to solve when he  supported this bill. That very same problem still exists and has gotten  worse.   As I indicated earlier, there are 40,000 green card applicants in  Illinois alone, plus there are thousands of children stuck in this  awful backlog. These are individuals whose children are aging out of  their temporary visas, and they are forced to return to a country they  left behind long ago--a country that, in many cases, their children  don't know and have never known.   To repeat, the amendment that I offer today and that has been the  subject of some of my colleague's remarks this afternoon in his  unanimous consent request consists of nothing more than the Fairness  for High-Skilled Immigrants Act, of which my colleague from Illinois  was once a leading sponsor, and a series of H-1B reforms that he  himself has long sought to enact. If passed, it would provide relief to  many hard-working families from both his State and for mine. Yet he  objects. As he objects, he offers up something else that he knows  cannot possibly get close to passing this body by unanimous consent.  Yet we can do that today. We can do that right now if he would lift his  objection. He knows that I cannot, and I will not, and on that basis, I  object.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for his constructive  observations there. With respect to the Gang of 8 legislation, yes, it  passed through this body, and, yes, I voted against that, as did a  number of my colleagues. My view is, that was a piece of legislation  that while it entailed a lot of work by a lot of people who were trying  to make things better, it was doomed at the outset for failure because  the message of that bill and of those who were pushing it was  essentially you either pass all of this bill and all of its reforms--a  large number of which and the majority of which I agreed with--or you  pass nothing. We were literally told that. It is either this entire  package or it is nothing. We spent weeks in the Committee on the  Judiciary debating it and discussing it. I personally proposed dozens  of amendments to that.   What emerged at the end of that from the committee was a--this has  been 6 years, so my colleague will forgive me if I don't remember the  exact numbers. It was about a 700-page bill. When we got to the floor,  what we debated and discussed was substituted out at the last minute.  What we ended up getting was another bill that was, as I recall, 1,200  pages long. It was a different bill.   The message was the same with both of them. This is a package deal.  You either reform all of what this bill reforms and do it at once or  you get none of it. Many of the sponsors of that legislation made clear  that they would oppose any smaller effort.   I believe this is exactly the opposite of the type of solution that  will work. What is going to work here is if we start with incremental,  step-by-step legislation. If we start with something the Senator from  Illinois has himself in the past sponsored, both as to the Fairness for  High-Skilled Immigrants Act itself and as to the substance, the nuts  and bolts of the Grassley amendment--he has been on the cutting edge of  supporting both of those things. If not here, where? If not us, who? If  not now, when? This is what we need to do. I am going to continue to  come to the floor. I am going to continue to seek unanimous consent and  to pass this every way I can.   As to my colleague's suggestion with regard to a committee hearing.  This hasn't, of course, been the topic of committee hearings in the  past, and it has been fully discussed. I would, of course, welcome any  further committee action that the chairman might choose to hold, and I  would be happy to have any committee action that, of course, isn't mine  to offer or give, but I would always prefer more consideration of the  Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act than less. So if that is what  we have to do, great, but I don't believe any further factual  development is necessary here.   Just for the record, I want to state this bill is ready to pass right  now. This bill has 365 votes on the House floor right now. This bill  would become law right now, would pass out of the Senate and would pass  out of the Senate in a form that would be passed out of the House of  Representatives, ultimately, right now but for this objection.    Mr. President, I thank my friend, the Senator from Illinois,  and I appreciate his dedication to detail and to the hard work he has  put into the area of immigration and reform.   Yes, you are right. That was a difficult process. It went through 6  years ago, and I commend you, even though you and I reached different  conclusions as to the ultimate outcome of that legislation.   My point there is simply to say: It is, and properly should and  always is, going to be the case that it can be easier to get something  done that is more narrowly focused. In this case, we have a bill the  Senator from Illinois has himself cosponsored in the past. It has been  modified by another provision that he has also sponsored in the past.  We should be able to do this one.   It is not my place to commit on behalf of the Committee on the  Judiciary or its chairman whether we are going to have hearings. I  reiterate my view that no further factual development of this is  necessary. I don't believe a hearing is necessary.   I am never going to object to simply holding more hearings on it, and  if that is what the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary is  inclined to do, I am certainly not going to interfere with that. In the  meantime, I am going to continue to do everything I can to get this  thing passed. It is ready to pass. It is ready to pass right now. I am  going to continue to find every way possible to get this the  consideration it deserves.   