 Mr. Speaker, I find myself in rule debate today because  my very reasonable amendment was not made in order. The amendment was  germane to the bill, written with proper offsets, and in accordance  with House rules. The denial of my amendment was purely political.   I wanted to debate my amendment on its merits because the passage of  my amendment would mean jobs for families in Minnesota's Eighth  Congressional District.   In northern Minnesota, there are vast reserves of copper, nickel, and  other precious metals, offering the opportunity for northern Minnesota  to power our economy while providing high-wage union jobs and  diminishing our reliance on foreign resources.   The Twin Metals project has a long and difficult regulatory review  ahead because our approval processes are the strongest in the world.  Twin Metals is following the process. We require that they cross every  ``t'' and dot every ``i,'' and they will employ our friends and  neighbors in good mining jobs of the future.   Unfortunately, politicians in Washington and the Twin Cities metro  area oppose this project. They know that we have the strongest  environmental reviews in the world, and they know Twin Metals will have  the opportunity to succeed, so they decided to change the rules.   They included language in this spending bill creating a ``study''  that does nothing more than delay this project. It is changing the  rules when they know a project has a great chance to be successful.   Instead of including it in the base bill, they snuck it into  committee report language. Instead of making my amendment in order,  they decided to reject it, all because they want to interfere with a  promising project in Minnesota District Eight.   Twin Metals will offer a mine plan of operation in the coming months.  In that mine plan, they will lay out how they will extract our minerals  and store tailings in an environmentally sound way. They will  illustrate how they plan to meet or exceed all existing standards.    Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. I want to debate the  merits of my amendment by discussing how this will follow the rules and  benefit jobs in my district. Instead, I am here to discuss the failed  process and how antimining groups changed the rules to benefit their  antimining ideology.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule, and I urge my colleagues to do so as  well.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  3056, an emergency supplemental to provide critically needed funding  for the humanitarian crisis at the border, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   