 Mr. President, 1 year ago, we came together not as  Republicans or Democrats but as Americans. We passed a major milestone  for our veterans. The bipartisan VA MISSION Act brought us a step  closer to fulfilling our obligation to care for our men and women who  serve in uniform.   In Montana we have one of the highest veteran per capita populations  in the United States, and the issue of access to veteran healthcare is  one that I hear across every corner of our State.   My dad is a U.S. marine. I am proud we were able to get this  important bill signed into law. The VA MISSION Act will help fix many  of the problems plaguing the VA Choice Program. The veterans across our  rural communities in Montana will have greater and more convenient  access to care. Telemedicine services will be strengthened to  accommodate those who live a long ways away from traditional hospitals  or health clinics. Oversight of opioid prescriptions will be  strengthened. There will be greater accountability in how companies  manage this new program.   It will help fill the VA's medical professional shortage through  scholarship and loan repayment programs for medical and dental students  who commit to serving in the VA. The MISSION Act was an important step  forward, and I am proud to have helped get this bill across the finish  line and onto President Trump's desk.   Now we must hold the VA and the program administrators accountable  for ensuring the MISSION Act works for our veterans. I will be in  constant contact with local VA leaders and veterans themselves to get  firsthand feedback as this is implemented.    As we celebrate this important milestone, we must not slow down our  efforts to continue to improve our veterans' healthcare. I look forward  to continuing to work on behalf of our veterans and build off the good  work that was accomplished here last year. We must ensure that veterans  in Montana and across our Nation receive the care they have earned. I  am honored to fight this fight for the brave men and the brave women  who served in uniform.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in  colloquy with my Senate colleague.    Mr. President, I am here today to discuss an issue that  is very important to Montanans, folks across the Nation, and many of my  colleagues here in the Senate, and that is the Temporary Assistance for  Needy Families Program, commonly known as TANF. That is our Nation's  cash-assistance and services program for low-income households with  children.   I am joined today by my esteemed colleague and my friend, the Senator  from Iowa, Mr. Grassley. I have the privilege of serving on the Senate  Finance Committee, chaired by Senator Grassley, which has jurisdiction  over TANF. Chairman Grassley, like me, knows how important it is to  ensure that this program is working as intended and that it is helping  families move into jobs and toward self-sufficiency. Of course, it was  Chairman Grassley who helped bring about the last significant reform to  TANF in 2006. I am glad he is leading the committee as we try to pass  meaningful reforms again this year.   We are here today because we cannot ignore that Congress is about to  do a straight continuation of funding of TANF for the 39th consecutive  time despite the fact that this program needs reform.   TANF, created with bipartisan support in 1996, was a huge success for  the American people. Let me say that again--with bipartisan support.  After TANF became law, welfare caseloads plummeted, child poverty  declined, and employment among low-income parents actually went up.  TANF recognized that finding and maintaining a job is the most  effective way for families to go from government-dependency to self- sufficiency.   However, more than 20 years after these historic 1996 reforms,  Congress has neglected to act on the loopholes that hold States  accountable for work requirements. In fact, today, very few States,  including my home State of Montana, are meeting the work participation  rate that is required by the law. The law calls for 50 percent of  welfare enrollees to be engaged in work, but in Montana, they are only  reaching one-third of that.   Many States are also using TANF dollars for purposes unrelated to  work. States need to be providing families with the support they need,  and that is why I am taking action. That is why I introduced  legislation earlier this year--the Jobs and Opportunity with Benefits  and Services Act, better  [[Page S3828]]  known as the JOBS Act--to reauthorize and modernize the TANF Program.   The JOBS Act would help our low-income families find work and have  every opportunity to climb the economic ladder. It would require State  caseworkers to engage with jobseekers to help them not only find a job  but then to keep that job.   My legislation takes into consideration all aspects of a person's  life, including mental health, drug addiction, and alcohol addiction.  It also increases resources for childcare to refocus dollars back to  supporting work.   Congress should be working to help families thrive in this growing  economy. In fact, right now in the United States, there are 7.6 million  new job openings. In fact, right now in the United States, job openings  outnumber the jobseekers. As employers are looking to hire, we need to  close the jobs gap and ensure that the Americans who need them most are  filling them. This is an opportunity for mobility--to step toward the  American dream.   Chairman Grassley, would you agree with me that TANF is no longer  meeting its welfare-to-work potential, and would you commit to working  side by side with me and other supporters on modernizing TANF to bring  about the reforms this program desperately needs?   I yield to Senator Grassley, the chairman of the Senate Finance  Committee.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Grassley.   He has been a strong advocate for policies that uplift rural  communities, and he gets to all of Iowa's 99 counties every year. I  would bet Chairman Grassley probably has a lot of stories to talk about  as to what is going on because he is in touch with the folks back home  who are in these rural communities. Montana is similar. We both come  from States that have strong ag heritages, and we have a lot of rural  communities. We need policies that will uplift these rural communities  and, importantly, strengthen our families.   It is time we see some real change--to stop kicking the proverbial  can down the road and OK these consecutive, short-term  reauthorizations. That is something DC is pretty good at--short-term  reauthorizations, like the 39 we have seen in the last decade with  TANF. What we need are permanent reforms rather than these temporary  extensions.   I thank Senator Grassley for joining me today in this colloquy and  for his commitment to getting something done.   The chairman is a ``getter done'' kind of leader, and he couldn't  have said it any better than in his talking about removing families  from being dependent to being independent. We have plenty of provisions  here to make sure we take care of those families who, maybe, don't have  a choice if there are addiction issues or if there are childcare  problems. We have to make sure they will have the ability to get the  help they need, but we want to move them into the workforce. With all  of these jobs being available right now in this economy, we could solve  two problems. That is why we need these TANF reforms.   I thank the Senator for joining me today and for his commitment to  getting something done. I am positive TANF reform will lead to great  success for people in Montana, for people in Iowa, as well as for  people in the rest of the country.   I yield the floor.   