 Madam President, I join my colleagues honoring Senator  Johnny Isakson of Georgia who is retiring from this body. He is a dear  friend and a great example of a great Senator.   Johnny and I have worked together on a number of public health  priorities. I had the privilege of serving with Johnny on the Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. We forged a shared commitment  to improving public health, from cancer prevention to better  surveillance of neurological diseases, from strengthening regulations  of indoor tanning devices to improving trauma care. Johnny has the  privilege of representing the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention, CDC headquarters in Atlanta, GA, made up of some of the  greatest professionals in the healthcare field across the globe. He has  always been a fearless advocate for the CDC and its staff, and the  critical work being done by the CDC. He has always been a fierce  advocate for all of his constituents in Georgia.   During our time on the HELP Committee, we developed a partnership  while working on skin cancer prevention. We spent many years advancing  legislation to require improved labeling on indoor tanning beds to  better reflect their dangers. We also worked hard to make sure there  was disclosure of the ingredients in sunscreens, and we were proud to  see signed into law in 2014 the Sunscreen Innovation Act. It was a work  Johnny led with such distinction.   Building on that skin cancer prevention and other preventive health  measures, Johnny is, again, a fierce advocate for improving the health  of children, particularly children with cancer. I was so proud to work  with Johnny on the Conquer Childhood Cancer Act and later the Childhood  Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Access, and Research Act, the STAR Act,  tremendously benefiting children who have cancer. That goes, I think,  to Johnny keeping his commitment to doing the right thing, doing it  well, and helping the most vulnerable in this country.   As mentioned, Johnny has been on the veterans' committee and has  chaired that committee since 2015. He is a veteran himself, a veteran  of the Georgia Air National Guard from 1966 to 1972. He has done  significant work for veterans and, as a veteran, I thank Senator  Isakson.   He was instrumental in passing the VA MISSION Act, critical  legislation that enhances the ability of comprehensive caregivers to  assist veterans. Further, after the VA MISSION  [[Page S6811]]  Act, he has been working so hard, and he was also able to pass--and I  was proud to work with him--the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational  Assistance Act. This is known as the Forever GI Bill because it made  critical improvements to the GI bill, but most important is the law  ends the 15-year limit on the use of GI bill benefits, allowing the use  of those benefits throughout the lifetime of the recipient. He has been  an extraordinary leader, doing so much.   I wish Senator Isakson, his wife Dianne, and his entire family well.  Finally, what I want to say is, the true measure of an individual is  not the sum of their legislative achievements, Johnny has had many of  those; not political victories, Johnny has had many of those; not  success in any one realm of any endeavor, public or private; the true  test of an individual is the sum of their kindnesses, of what they have  done for and with other people. By that measure, no one surpasses the  gentleman from Georgia, and I thank him.   I yield the floor.   