 Mr. President, I am grateful for the opportunity to echo  my colleagues' concerns about the Green New Deal.   We are here because the majority leader has indicated that the Senate  will be considering this misguided proposal in the coming weeks.   You would think our colleagues on the other side of the aisle would  be ecstatic about the idea of a Senate vote on a resolution that  essentially compasses their party's entire platform. Instead, the  minority leader is scrambling to conceive ideas that will give  [[Page S1692]]  his caucus members cover instead of embracing a plan. I can see why.   The Green New Deal didn't quite receive the celebration Democrats  were expecting when it was announced. Its release was greeted with a  combination of bewilderment, amusement, and confusion, which gave way  to anger and disbelief the more Americans learned about it.   This is understandable. People don't tend to react positively when  you threaten to upheave their lives by eliminating their jobs,  outlawing their vehicles, and demanding they essentially build their  homes to whatever standards Democrats in Washington decide.   If you ask most Americans if government control over almost every  aspect of their lives is the direction they want to see the Nation  take, the answer is an overwhelming no. Yet that is exactly what the  Green New Deal seeks to do under the pretense of ending climate change.   The authors of the Green New Deal and its accompanying memo suggest  their plan is the cure for all of society's ills. They cast themselves  as saviors who will end global warming, income equality, and depression  in one fell swoop. The Green New Deal will guarantee every American  free healthcare, college tuition, and a job with a ``family- sustaining'' wage.   That last part isn't even required to receive the benefits promised  by the Green New Deal. If an able-bodied person is unwilling to look  for work, the government would provide ``economic security'' under the  plan.   What supporters can't say is how they will implement this, what  impact it will have on the average American, and where the trillions of  dollars it will cost will come from. These details are important when  you are asking for support of a plan that is estimated to cost up to  $93 trillion and dramatically expands the Federal Government's reach  into the daily lives of every American.   Single moms, seniors, and those living on fixed incomes--the very  people whom the Green New Deal supporters purport to help--will be the  most negatively impacted by this proposal.   Getting the majority of our Nation's energy from renewable sources is  certainly a worthy goal. However, you cannot brand a $93 trillion, all- encompassing liberal wish list as an energy plan and expect it to be  embraced with no questions asked.   Only a fraction of this plan deals with climate change, but its  energy mandates are entirely unworkable. The Green New Deal dictates  that the Nation will rely 100 percent on renewable power within a  decade. Experts say it is impossible to accomplish this by 2050, much  less within a constricted 10-year timeline.   The way forward to solve our environmental challenges should be  driven by positive incentives, research, and development, not  heavyhanded regulation.   The uncomfortable truth for the Green New Deal proponents is that the  United States is already leading the charge on reducing carbon  emissions. We can continue to build on that progress and encourage  change within the international community without mandating a  government takeover of nearly every sector of our economy.   As a member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I have  long advocated for an ``all of the above'' approach to energy security.  This strategy includes wind, renewable biomass, hydroelectric and solar  power, and it absolutely needs to include the expansion of nuclear  power, which the Green New Deal mysteriously leaves out.   These are the right ways to responsibly address our energy needs. The  Green New Deal--which makes undeliverable promises, proposes to  dramatically drive up costs for every American, and eliminates  thousands of jobs in the energy sector--is not the way to go. The Green  New Deal will result in a staggering loss of jobs. It redistributes  wealth on a scale our Nation has never seen before. It calls for a  massive government takeover of our Nation's economy and culture. Worst  of all, it hides all of this in a fanciful energy modernization scheme  that can't be achieved in the manner it is written.   The Green New Deal is not a serious plan. The Senate should  wholeheartedly reject it when it comes before us.   With that, I yield the floor.   