 Mr. President, as my friend from Indiana and others have  pointed out today, this is a day that Americans remember as a day of  unique tragedy. Earlier today, on the Senate floor, we had a moment of  silence in the middle of a series of votes. The Senate floor was full  of Members who paused to think about what had happened on that day.   I think almost every American alive knows where he was that morning.  Just like this morning, it was beautiful and clear. If you were too  young to remember where you were that morning--and there is a real  likelihood that your parents told you where you were--it was a seminal  moment. It changed how we look at so many things in our country. We  reflect today where we were and the changes that occurred after that.   I was working on the other side of the building as a Member of the  House 18 years ago, and I shared with the Capitol Police today my  appreciation for what they do every day. On this day every year, I  remember being one of the last people to leave this building. The  Capitol Police were working hard to get people out as there was a sense  that a plane was coming here and was going to either hit the White  House or the Capitol. I remember walking out the door--I really was  among the last to leave the building that day--and I remember looking  into the eyes of a Capitol Police Officer who was still at the door and  thinking and realizing that I was going to be out. If the building were  a target, I was quickly going to be somewhere else, and she was still  going to be here until those who work to protect us every day were sure  that everybody who could possibly be found and gotten out of the  building was already gone.   We clearly understand the world is a dangerous place. We just had a  foreign policy discussion this week about the country that had served  as really the haven for al-Qaida and what would happen if we were to  totally leave that  [[Page S5429]]  country and it were to go back to the Taliban. Would it become a haven  again? Almost certainly, I think it would.   We really need to think about a number of things. One is that so many  people do so much to protect us all the time. We have thousands of  Americans who are in uniform and in the intelligence community who  spend their time every day being sure that we are as safe as we can be  and that our freedoms are secure. They are deployed overseas. They are  fighting terrorist groups like ISIS or the remnants of al-Qaida. They  are working here to spot homegrown terrorists. They are doing what they  can to find what somebody may be talking about or what somebody may be  bringing across the border that would be of danger.   Senator Capito and I were just at the border last week. Some of the  things we talked about were not only the drugs coming over the border  but the other things coming over the border that are designed to harm  us--who we are and how we live.   In St. Louis, MO, and Arnold, MO, we have the second biggest  installation of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency constantly  looking at the information that is out there. It looks all over the  world to see if there is activity in places in which there wouldn't be  activity. Yet, if there were activity, it would likely be activity that  would be designed to harm us or others in the world. We need to  understand that.   We also need to understand that in the society in which we live,  there is never perfect security and perfect freedom at the same time.  We have worked really hard not to allow ourselves to lose the freedoms  we cherish in return for the security we would like to have.   We also need to remember those people who responded. As for the first  responders who ran toward the tragedy on 9/11 as others were able to  run away from the tragedy--passing each other--many of those first  responders were numbered among the 3,000 Americans who died on that  day.   Just last month, the President signed into law the National Urban  Search and Rescue Parity Act, which allows Federal employees to be  active participants on urban search and rescue teams whether the  disaster is natural or man-made.   The third thing we need to keep in mind is how important it is to  honor and care for the victims and heroes among us--those who ran  toward the tragedy, those they left behind, and the people who still  suffer today because of what happened to them on that day. As likely as  not, those people to benefit from the Victim Compensation Fund are the  people who stayed behind to help others or who rushed forward to help  others.   We don't want to become afraid to be the great, diverse society we  have become; we don't want to become a society in which we allow the  terrorists to win by taking our freedoms away. Yet this is an important  time for us to think of those freedoms, of those who defend those  freedoms, of those who rush to the scenes of danger when we have  danger, and of those who try to do everything they can to minimize  that.   We grieve, we pray, we remember, and we resolve today that we will  continue to be vigilant against attack and unafraid of defending who we  are.   I yield the floor.   