 Madam Speaker, I oppose this resolution on impeachment,  and I include my statement in the Record.   Madam Speaker, President Donald Trump is unique in the history of the  American presidency. No one has led as he has. His success and his  style have frustrated his opponents.   Remember back to the fall of 2016 when pundits and politicians on the  left lectured Americans about the historical need to accept the outcome  of the election? Then Hilary Clinton lost. Some began undermining and  attacking the President before he had even taken office. Others called  for his impeachment.   Meanwhile, we now know--as a result of the Horowitz investigation-- that some in the FBI engaged in nefarious actions to investigate the  Trump campaign. They lied to and misled the FISA court in an incredible  abuse of power by a government agency. Civil libertarians are rightly  outraged by what occurred. Laws designed to protect America from  foreign terrorists were misused to spy on an American presidential  campaign.   The false narrative of the Trump campaign colluding with the Russians  dominated the first two years of the Trump presidency. I supported the  appointment of Mr. Mueller and repeatedly stood up for the independence  of his investigation. I wanted the facts.   The Mueller investigation spent years and millions of taxpayer  dollars and came up empty. That report produced nothing impeachable, or  the articles of impeachment would include the findings of that report.   For me, overturning the outcome of an election demands two things: A  bipartisan and fair process to determine wrong doing, and a criminal  offense worthy of overturning the outcome of the voters' will. Neither  threshold has been met in this case.   With a clear conscience, I will vote against both articles of  impeachment.   Read the articles of impeachment. ``Abuse of power'' and  ``obstruction of Congress,'' are the charges. Neither of these are  criminal violations. This isn't perjury or burglary.   Every administration--Democratic and Republican--pushes back against  Congress' request for witnesses and information. The Constitution  enshrines this separate-branch conflict. Congress doesn't like being  told no. At times we've sued over it. It's the tension our founders  designed into the competing branches of government. Work it out, or go  to the courts. But in this case, they truncated the timeline to exclude  a judicial review. They announced the outcome before the investigation  was completed.   I voted to hold President Obama's Attorney General in contempt of  Congress for refusing to turn over documents related to the ``fast and  furious'' fiasco. Congress sued and won this case. But Republicans  never seriously thought about impeaching the President.   I threatened to subpoena President Trump's Attorney General Jeff  Sessions to his face in the East Room of the White House during our  investigation of the opioid crisis. We eventually worked it out and got  to review the data we sought. Not once did I think about impeaching the  President over this matter.   The anti-Trump crowd has weaponized impeachment and converted it into  a partisan tool, something one of America's founding fathers--Alexander  Hamilton--warned against. The American people elected President Trump  to shake things up in Washington, D.C. And that's precisely what he's  done.   Lower taxes and less oppressive regulations would not have happened  under a Clinton Administration. Hillary Clinton would not have stood up  to China as President Trump has. She would not have demanded and gotten  a new and better trade deal with our friends to the north and south. As  for the Russians, she's the one who led the ``reset'' with Russia that  offended our European allies and played into Putin's hand.   We've never had a better economy or lower unemployment in the modern  era. We're the envy of the world. America is standing up to our  competitors and enemies. We're getting new and better trade agreements  and bringing more jobs back to America.   We've never had a President lean in more to get lower drug prices or  make our allies keep their promises to help pay for their national  security.   President Trump is doing exactly what he promised, and that includes  violating the political norms of the Washington, D.C. swamp. And for  that, the left wants to send him packing.   In facts matter, we should not impeach this president, but instead  get back to work solving the problems facing American families.   