 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts  for yielding.   I know the gentlewoman has read the names of the Black trans women  who were taken from us far too soon due to bigotry, hatred, and  transphobia that is running rampant in our country, but if she will  permit me, I will also enter their names. I will read them aloud. I  believe we should honor them not just once but many times over.   So, I rise in honor of Dana Martin, Jazzaline Ware, Ashanti Carmon,  Claire Legato, Muhlaysia Booker, Michelle ``Tamika'' Washington, Paris  Cameron, Chynal Lindsey, Chanel Scurlock, Zoe Spears, Brooklyn Lindsey,  Denali Berries Stuckey, Tracy Single, Bubba Walker, Kiki Fantroy,  Jordan Cofer, Pebbles LaDime ``Dime'' Doe, Bailey Reeves, Bee Love  Slater, Jamagio Jamar Berryman, Itali Marlowe, and Brianna ``BB'' Hill.   These are the names we know of transgender and nonconforming people  who have been killed in America in the year 2019, so far.   We cannot ignore this epidemic that is plaguing the trans community.  We cannot forget their stories. We cannot stop fighting to protect  trans lives.   On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, we remember their names.   I would like to say also that I appreciated that our Speaker met  today with actress and activist Ms. Ross, who is quite a champion of  transgender people. Our Democratic Caucus chairman, Hakeem Jeffries,  led a roundtable. Many Members of Congress appeared at that roundtable  to listen to the needs of the transgender community. I thank them for  showing their support today.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for  yielding.   I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to join the voices of the working men and  women of our country demanding better wages, better working conditions,  better benefits. I rise for working families, for those working  multiple jobs and struggling to get by while CEOs are making multiple  millions of dollars and reaping the benefits of their labor.   And this is all during a time over the past several decades where  productivity of the American economy has gone up while wages from those  who have created that productivity have stayed flat. And if we want to  achieve income equality or less income inequality, the answer is in  giving workers leverage on the economy.   So I rise to defend workers' rights, their right to rise up in their  workplace and use their collective power to demand better from their  employer. That is the leverage that I am talking about.   Right now employers and corporate interests are doing everything they  can to strip workers of their protections. In fact, they have already  done that. They have already participated in weakening our labor laws  and made it more difficult for workers to organize. And Representative  Levin of Michigan started to explain the complex ways in which  organizing is made more difficult; how elections can run forever; and  how employers have an unfair advantage in those elections; and how the  will of the workers in the workplace to organize and unionize can be  thwarted.   And once unions are formed, there are many efforts to bust unions and  silence the voices of workers, which, let me be clear, is illegal. And  that is why we need to pass the PRO Act to make sure that penalties are  enforced. We do have laws on the books, but there is not enough  enforcement. We need to put an end to these antiunion activities.   If we want to reduce economic inequality, support working people and  working families and ensure that the American Dream is within reach for  all, then let's pass this bill. It is time to reaffirm our support for  working people in America.   