 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.  [[Page H1429]]     Mr. Chairman, I obviously rise in  support of our amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.  David P. Roe), the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans'  Affairs, before I offer my comments.    Mr. Chairman, in my short time here in  this institution, I have found that, when you offer an amendment to a  bill that has jurisdiction of a committee that you don't sit on, it is  always good to have the chairman and ranking member be in support of  your amendment. So I want to thank Chairman Takano and Ranking Member  Roe for their help--and their team's help--in helping us craft this  commonsense solution.   And I really want to thank my good friend and colleague Jimmy  Panetta, who is a main cosponsor of this amendment. Jimmy and I have  worked together on a wide variety of issues, but not many more  important than making sure that our families, our heroes, get access to  the childcare and the services that they need.   This Veterans' Access to Child Care Act, also, Mr. Chairman, builds  upon a successful pilot program and is finally going to provide some  certainty and better access to mental and intensive healthcare services  for our heroes, our veterans, through increased access to childcare  while our veterans attend the appointments that they need to attend to.   The intention of this amendment, as you heard from the chairman and  the ranking member, is to make sure that the VA does not determine that  this bill is meant that there is only one primary caretaker in the  family and then, arbitrarily, have a bureaucrat at the VA decide who  that caretaker is.   Without this change, some veterans this bill is intended to help  would not be able to access childcare over a technicality. Our  amendment, as you heard, clarifies this language to help eliminate  barriers to mental health services for our veterans with families.   When our veterans face a mental health crisis, I want to ensure that  they are not alone, and that we are doing everything we can to properly  support them and their families.   While we have been successful in passing legislation that prevents  many veterans from having to drive long distances to access care, it is  possible that, in some cases, a veteran in my district could have to  drive 4 hours to the nearest VA hospital, and ensured access to  childcare will encourage them to get the services that they need.   I don't want a technicality to get in the way of our heroes. I want  to make sure they get access to the services they need. That is why I  urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment.   I urge all Members to support our amendment to H.R. 840, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   