 Mr. President, it is an honor to rise today to speak in  this Chamber on behalf of the people of Missouri. When I think of those  who have served my State here before me, I am humbled. When I think of  the true and strong Missourians who have sent me here, I am sobered,  because to represent them will be a great responsibility indeed. I  pledge to my fellow Missourians that I will work at this task with all  the strength that God can give me, and I will serve without fear and  without favor to any man.   We Missourians are known for our frankness, and today I will be frank  because this is a moment of great need for my State and for our Nation.  This Nation was born in a revolution by ``We the People'' and premised  on a revolutionary faith that it is the people--the common man and  woman who make democracy work--and it is the calling of every  generation to renew that revolution for their day. In our time, our  revolutionary faith is faltering, and in the heartland of this country,  the great challenge of our age is unfolding.   I come from a town called Lexington, MO. It is a small place, but a  proud one. It is a place where people wake early and work late to make  a life for themselves and their children. It is a place where people  value honesty and gumption and life's simple pleasures: a fine morning  in a deer stand, reading  [[Page S2849]]  to the kids before bed, and Sunday dinner at Mom's. Although it is  humble, it is a place that reflects the dignity and quiet greatness of  the working men and women.   These are the people who explored a continent, who built the  railroads, and who opened the West. These are the workers whose labor  launched the Industrial Revolution and whose ingenuity made the  American economy the marvel of the world. These are the families who  have rallied to this country's flag at every hour of danger and who  bear the burden of defending our Nation even now. These are the  patriots who man the fire department and coach the Little League. These  are the generous who give $25 a month out of their gas money to assist  people halfway around the globe whom they will never meet just because  they believe in helping others. They don't ask for much, and they live  by a simple creed: Give the best of yourself to your family, your  community, and your fellow man. America is a place of promise, because  in these hearts, honor lives.   These working men and women are confronting crises today, and, as  they do, so does our democracy. After years of sacrifice, the great  American middle is being pushed aside by a new arrogant aristocracy.  The new aristocrats seek to remake society in their own image, to  engineer an economy that works for the elite but few else, and to  fashion a culture that is dominated by their own preferences. When they  think of helping their fellow citizens, they think of making everyone  else more like themselves.   And Washington has just gone along. This town has embraced the  politics of elite values and elite ambition rather than building  opportunities to thrive in the great and broad American middle. This  has left middle America--the great American middle class--under siege,  battling the loss of respect and work, the decline of home and family,  and an epidemic of loneliness and despair. This is the crisis of our  time.   I am afraid you wouldn't know it to listen to the talk of this town  much of the time. As the crisis deepens, the political establishment  looks the other way, rehearsing and rehashing the political debates of  30 or 40 years ago. There is no time for that any longer. The 21st  century is upon us, and the great struggle of this century can no  longer wait. The crisis that we face goes to the heart of our  revolution.   The United States is unique in history as a republic governed not by  a select elite but by the working man and woman, because we believe it  is through the working man and woman that God chooses to change the  world. That change comes not through spectacular feats of daring or  glory but through everyday work and everyday sacrifice and everyday  acts of courage and love. It has been the proud working people, our  farmers and mechanics, and teachers and tradesmen who have defined the  character of this country.   For too long now, neither our economy nor our culture has lent them  much support. Instead, our policymakers have entrenched the new elites  and undermined the way of life that once bound this country together.  It is time to face the facts.   Over the last 40 years, our economy has worked best for those at the  top--the wealthy and the well-educated. If you have a job in Silicon  Valley or an expensive and prestigious degree, this economy has worked  for you, and Washington has focused on how to get more people to join  this elite. But if you want a life built around the place where you  grew up, if your ambition is not to start a tech business but to join  the family business, to serve in the PTA or in your local church, well,  you are told that you are not a success, and you are told that you are  on your own.   This is no accident. The people who make the rules now, who run our  large corporations, and who set the tone for our popular culture all  belong to the same class. This economy has been their economy. They  made it for themselves.   But in places like the one where I grew up in middle Missouri, good- paying jobs that you can raise a family on are going away. The jobs go  overseas or south of the border or to cities on the coasts. Once  vibrant towns decline, taking with them the network of schools and  neighborhoods and churches that make up middle-class life.   Rural America has been particularly hard hit. Rural Americans' life  expectancy has not just leveled off. It has actually dropped, and for  women without a high school degree, that drop has been staggering. In  some rural places, residents struggle with outright deprivation. My  home State contains some of the poorest counties in America, all in  rural places that once boasted thriving small towns. As those  communities struggle, want sets in.   The crisis reaches well beyond economics. The message that Washington  has sent our whole society is loud and clear: Our elites are the people  who matter and those who aspire to join them. Everyone else is  unimportant or backward.   Millions of Americans are left with a sense that the people who run  this country view them with nothing but contempt and value them as  nothing but consumers. These trends tear at our country's social  fabric, and they undermine our common ethic of citizenship because  being a free person and being an American isn't just about what you can  buy. It is about the pride that comes in supporting a family. It is  about contributing something of worth to your community. It is about  being able to look a neighbor in the eye and know that you are his  equal. It is about respect, and too many Americans haven't been getting  it.   They are certainly not getting it from our cultural elite. The media,  Hollywood, and academia relentlessly press their values and their  priorities on the rest of us. They advocate liberation from the duties  of family and tradition. They look down on the plain virtues of  patriotism, self-giving, and faith. They idealize fame and preach self- realization through consuming more stuff, and as they do, they assault  the foundations of the great American middle.   Perhaps we shouldn't be surprised, then, at the epidemic of  loneliness and despair that is spreading across working communities.  Fewer young people are getting married and starting families. Drug  addiction is surging. The opioid menace has ravaged every sector, every  age group, and every geography of working people.   It is not only pills. It is heroin, cocaine, fentanyl, meth, and, of  course, marijuana that have flooded our streets and our homes.  Everywhere, deaths of despair are mounting among farmers and among the  young. Most shockingly, the young are the hope of our society, but in  America today, they are taking their lives in numbers we have never  seen in our history.   The well-off frequently note that our Nation has never been richer,  but the tragedy of youth suicide betrays a profound poverty of hope.  And is that really so surprising? Today's youth must make their way in  a society increasingly defined not by the genuine and personal love of  family and church but by the cold and judgmental world of social media.   A typical young person is bombarded by video games and violence and  the relentless status-seeking imposed and modeled by our cultural  elite. There is no more shocking illustration of our cultural poverty  and no more damning indictment of our cultural leaders than these lost  lives.   The sum of it all is that too many Americans are losing their  standing as citizens. They are losing their voice in the life of this  Nation, and with that, they are losing their liberty. To be free is to  have a voice. It is to have a say, and it is to have the power of self- government.   The chattering class often tells us that all of this--the jobs, the  despair, and the loss of standing--is a result of forces beyond  anyone's control, as if that is an excuse to do nothing, but in fact,  it is not true. Today's society benefits those who shaped it, and it  has been shaped not by working men and women but by the new  aristocratic elite. Big banks, big tech, and big multinational  corporations, along with their allies in the academy and the media-- these are the aristocrats of our age. They live in the United States,  but they consider themselves citizens of the world. They operate  businesses or run universities here, but their primary loyalty is to  their own agenda for a more unified, progressive, and profitable global  order.   These modern aristocrats often claim to be a meritocracy, and many of  them truly believe they are. What they don't see or will not  acknowledge is that the  [[Page S2850]]  society they have built works mainly for themselves. They have  effectively run this country for decades, and their legacy is national  division and national decline.   It is time to reclaim our revolutionary heritage and reassert the  democracy of ``We the People.'' To those who despair at the task ahead,  I say the hour is not too late and the crisis is not too deep for the  determined effort of a great people, and to those who feel forgotten  and unheard, I say this is your time. Now we must stand together to  renew the promise of our enduring revolution. We must put aside the  tired orthodoxies of years past and forge a new politics of national  renewal.   We must begin by acknowledging that GDP growth alone cannot be the  measure of this Nation's greatness, and so it cannot be the only aim of  this Nation's policy because our purpose is not to make a few people  wealthy but to sustain a great democracy. We need not just a bigger  economy but a better society. We need a society that offers rewarding  work for every worker who wants it, wherever she is from, whatever  degree he might have, whether their ambition is to start a business or  to start a family. We need a society that will allow towns and  neighborhoods to flourish across the great heartland of this country  and not just in the megacities of the coasts. We need a society that  puts American workers first, that prioritizes them over cheap goods  from abroad and offers them the chance to better their station. All  this we must fight for and more.   We need to repair the torn fabric of our common life. We need a  politics that prioritizes strong marriages and encourages strong  families, where children can know their parents and be nurtured by  their love. We need strong schools and churches and co-ops because  these are the things that make liberty possible, for liberty is more  than selling or buying or the right to be left alone. Liberty is the  ability to master our own fate and, as a free people, to set our own  course. That is the promise of the American Revolution, and we will  renew it for our day.   Washington has ignored the need for this renewal for too long. It has  rested easy with the priorities of an earlier age. Now it must wake up  and face the facts of this day. Now we must ask new questions, force  new debates, articulate new priorities, and find new solutions to make  the great American middle thrive again.   This is not the work of a day or a season. It is the work of a  generation. We will make it the work of this generation and so do our  part to see the success of liberty in our time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   