 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 415, I call  up the bill (H.R. 6) to authorize the cancellation of removal and  adjustment of status of certain aliens, and for other purposes, and ask  for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material on H.R. 6.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 6, the American Dream and Promise Act of 2019, is  vital legislation that provides a path to lawful permanent resident, or  LPR, status for two groups of people who enrich our Nation and who are  in dire need of protection, Dreamers, and long-term recipients of  humanitarian relief, known as Temporary Protected Status, or TPS, and  Deferred Enforcement Departure, or DED.   Dreamers are undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as  children and have embraced this country as their own. They are our  neighbors and coworkers; they are the classmates of our children; and  they serve in our military with distinction. Many did not even know  they were not born here and were not American citizens until they found  they could not get drivers licenses or in-state tuition rates for  college.   That is why it was so devastating when the Trump administration  announced that it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood  Arrivals, also known as DACA, which enabled approximately 800,000  Dreamers to work lawfully, attend school, and plan their lives without  the constant threat of deportation.   Although less is known or understood about long-time TPS and DED  recipients, there is no doubt that they are equally deserving of our  protection and support. Broadly speaking, TPS and DED provide  humanitarian relief to individuals from countries facing dangerous  conditions or experiencing upheaval, such as ongoing armed conflict,  natural disasters, or other extraordinary conditions.   TPS and DED recipients have lived in the United States, on average,  for decades, laying down deep roots in our communities. They also  contribute to the U.S. economy by making up a significant portion of  the workforce in key industries, including construction and food  service, as well as through consumer spending and tax revenue.   Unfortunately, like Dreamers, their futures now hang in the balance  as a result of the Trump administration's anti-immigrant, enforcement- only approach to immigration policy. Since September 2017, the  administration has announced the termination of TPS and DED for seven  affected countries.   Fortunately, the courts have issued multiple injunctions preventing  efforts to terminate DACA and TPS from moving forward. But even if the  courts ultimately rule against the administration, only a fraction of  Dreamers and TPS recipients will benefit from a reprieve that is itself  only temporary. That is why we must pass H.R. 6 today to provide  Dreamers and TPS recipients the permanent protections they need and  deserve.   The American Dream and Promise Act is carefully crafted legislation  that delivers needed protections, while creating rigorous eligibility  standards, including specifically restricting eligibility to those  individuals who pose no public safety or national security concerns.   I want to congratulate my colleagues, Representatives Lucille Roybal- Allard, Nydia Velazquez, and you, Madam Speaker, Yvette Clarke, for  introducing this important legislation.   I would also like to thank the distinguished chair and vice chair of  the Immigration Subcommittee, Representatives Zoe Lofgren and Pramila  Jayapal. Their steadfast support for  [[Page H4273]]  the Dreamer and TPS/DED populations, and their tireless efforts, have  been essential in bringing this bill to the floor today.   Dreamers and TPS and DED recipients contribute to our thriving  economy, and they make America a stronger, more united, and more  diverse nation. Failing to provide permanent protections for them at  this critical juncture would be a travesty, not only for these  individuals, but also for us as a country.   I hope that all of my colleagues will stand up for these vital  members of our society when it truly counts by supporting H.R. 6 today.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren), the distinguished chairperson of the  Immigration and Citizenship Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Roybal-Allard), the chief sponsor of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Velazquez), a sponsor of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren), and I ask unanimous consent  that she may control the time for the majority.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   