 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the Coastal and Marine Economies Protection  Act requires existing offshore oil and gas operations to undergo  inspections and make payments into the Ocean Energy Safety Fund. My  amendment would make this information available to the public.   The Trump administration's 2018 proposed opening of more than 90  percent of U.S. Federal waters to offshore oil could endanger at least  42,000 miles of our Atlantic and Pacific coasts to the extreme risks  posed by offshore drilling and spilling.   I came to Congress to advocate on behalf of the people living in my  coastal district. The American people have a vested interest in the  health of their environment and the wealth of their local communities.  It is essential that the public is aware of the companies who are  extracting oil from our shores so that we can hold them accountable in  the event of a disaster or an accident.   Offshore drilling impacts more than just coastal communities; it  impacts future generations of Americans. Transparency is a key  democratic principle. Citizens deserve to know which companies are  drilling off our shores, the location of their facilities, and the  safety and state of their operations.   In Orange County, this critical legislation helps make sure  generations can come and continue to sail Newport Harbor, become junior  lifeguards, surf the Wedge, catch halibut, and enjoy our pristine  breaches.   This legislation is essential to maintaining our quality of life, and  I thank my colleague from South Carolina for his leadership.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support my  amendment and passage of this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague's comments, and I  do appreciate, I think, and I hear from him that the other side does  support transparency and accountability, which is welcomed in today's  atmosphere of politics to have greater transparency and accountability.   I am prepared to close, but I will reserve the balance of my time  until my colleague is prepared to close as well.    I yield back the balance of my time as well, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment adds a provision to the bill  that would require the Department of Commerce to complete an economic  impact study of potential damage related to offshore drilling. This  assessment would include tourism, commercial and recreational fishing,  boating, transportation, and other waterfront and coastal-related  businesses.   The 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill, which was once the largest oil  spill in United States waters and now ranks third after Deepwater  Horizon and the 1989 Exxon Valdez spills, killed thousands of birds and  marine animals. Commercial fishing was suspended, and tourism plunged.   California's economic drivers are concentrated along California's  coastline, and an oil spill from a Federal platform, pipeline, or barge  transporting oil would have a catastrophic impact on California's and  the Nation's economy and natural resources. In fact, 40 percent of all  goods shipped into the United States come through the Long Beach and  Los Angeles ports of entry, and these goods go to all 435 districts  across the United States. Every community would be impacted.   Offshore drilling for oil and gas threatens key economic drivers in  coastal districts and States. Disasters on the scale of the 2010  Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, one of the largest  environmental disasters in American history, cost our country more than  $60 billion in economic damages and environmental damages beyond  calculation.   Let's not lose sight that even a small spill has the potential to  devastate important marine and coastal resources and the communities  and businesses that depend on them.   California is home to more than 800 miles of coastline, and its  coastal economies annually generate hundreds of billions of dollars in  wages nationally and nearly $2 trillion in GDP. A disaster could put at  risk nearly 746,000 West Coast jobs and $53 billion of GDP that rely on  healthy ocean ecosystems and a clean marine environment.   Mr. Chair, I thank Representative Cunningham for his leadership on  this important issue and the efforts to protect our coasts from new oil  and gas leasing. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support my amendment and the passage of this critical piece of  legislation.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate my colleague's comments, but I do  want to point out the purpose of this is simply to make sure that if we  are going to entertain offshore leases, we fully understand the  economic impact in the event of a potential disaster occurring. That  seems to be a reasonable obligation of Members of Congress to taxpayers  of America and working families across America, to make sure that we  protect them against future environmental disasters.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   