 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, pursuant to the Arms Export Control  Act of 1976, I move to discharge the Foreign Relations Committee from  further consideration of S.J. Res. 36, relating to the disapproval of  the proposed transfer to the Kingdom of Saudi  [[Page S3634]]  Arabia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Northern Ireland, the  Kingdom of Spain, and the Italian Republic of certain defense articles  and services.    Madam President, the resolution I have just asked for  the discharge of would disapprove the administration's sale of  precision-guided munitions to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia--weapons they  have used in the killing of an untold number of innocent civilians in  their ongoing campaign in Yemen.   This resolution is 1 of 22 that I have filed with a bipartisan group  of Senators in response to the administration's flagrant disregard for  congressional oversight over arms sales.   On May 24, the Secretary of State attempted to bypass this body in  order to push through 22 separate arms sales to Saudi Arabia and the  United Arab Emirates, claiming an ill-defined emergency regarding Iran.   Now, while Iran is a threat to the interests of the United States and  the Middle East, I think no one in this body has been stronger on our  sanctions efforts and in other legislation that I have been the  architect of on sanctioning Iran. The question before us is whether  these arms sales are specifically meant to be a response to that.   These arms sales are a critical national security tool in terms of  reviewing and approving them as a core function of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee. We are responsible for considering how each  proposed sale fits into the broader foreign policy goals and our  national security interests, including the capacity and  interoperability of our partners.   The congressional review of arms sales is mandated for a reason: so  the Secretary of State explicitly cannot do what he tried to do last  month with these 22 sales to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.   The suggestion that this is an emergency, I think, was shown to be  totally hollow when we had the testimony of the Assistant Secretary of  State, Clarke Cooper, who admitted in an open House hearing that the  decision to make the emergency determination was in the works for  months--months.   It doesn't take months to deal with an emergency.   When pressed on how an emergency declaration could be in the works  for months, he tried to argue that the emergency showed up sometime  between the 2 days that the Secretary briefed Members and then made the  notification.   The Secretary of State was before this body briefing Members, and at  that time, 3 days before this emergency was declared, he said  absolutely nothing--nothing--about any pending emergency, even though  Assistant Secretary Cooper said it had been in the works for months. So  how can it be in the works for months, you are before this body, and  you say nothing 3 days before you actually declare an emergency? So on  the process itself, it is just false.   Secondly, what is happening in Yemen is a humanitarian disaster that  has been exacerbated by the very weapons we have been giving the Saudis  in order to fight this conflict in Yemen and has created untold  humanitarian disaster.   These precision-guided missiles were meant to avoid civilian  casualties, but they are not going to avoid civilian casualties when  you aim them with precision at civilian targets. I will have a lot more  to say about that when my colleagues who are joining with me, on a  bipartisan basis, come to the floor. We hope to have a colloquy with  all of our colleagues in this regard.   The other point is, these weapons will not counter Iranian threats.  This is all about using them in Yemen, and the Assistant Secretary of  State, Clarke Cooper, admitted as much in a hearing before the House  last week.   Lastly, as a major point, which I will expound upon, this particular  transfer is a transfer not only of sensitive technology but of American  jobs to the Saudis. This export license will allow Saudi workers to  begin to manufacture part of the electronic guidance system for these  precision-guided munitions--work that has been done and should continue  to be done by American workers in the United States. I don't think the  transfer of those sensitive technologies and the creation of its  components is something that is in the national interest, both  economically or in terms of our security.   Lastly, this is about this institution standing up for its  congressional prerogatives to ensure that regardless of who the  President is in the White House, arms sales are subject to review of  the Congress. The day we give that up is the day we go down a dangerous  path.   This is the beginning of a process. I want to say that I appreciate  the willingness and efforts of my cosponsor, Senator Graham, and of the  majority leader, as well as their staffs, to chart an acceptable path  forward on these resolutions and on the Saudi sanctions bill in the  SAFE Act, which we also seek to have an opportunity on. I will have a  lot more to say about these arms sales, but to start this process, I  wanted to outline why we find ourselves here today.   I yield the floor.   