 Mr. President, it is a great honor and pleasure to  join the senior Senator from Connecticut on the floor today. We were  both U.S. attorneys. We were attorneys general together. We now serve  in the Senate together, and I consider him a friend outside of my day  job as well. It is terrific to be here with him. It is also a happy  coincidence that a Senator from another great fishing State, Louisiana,  should be presiding while we speak about our fisheries. This is my  247th of these speeches.   Rhode Island, of course, shares a border with Connecticut, as well as  a proud fishing heritage and connection to the sea. Whether you are  walking the docks of Stonington and New London or of Newport and Point  Judith, the story from our fishermen is the same--that these are not  the waters that our grandparents, parents, and great-grandparents  fished. One fishermen told me: ``Sheldon, it's getting weird out there,  and it's a big economic deal that it's getting weird out there.''   In 2017, commercial fishery landings from Connecticut and Rhode  Island totaled over $114 million, and that was just the landings. That  was not the ancillary fishing economy around it. Carbon pollution and  warming, acidifying oceans put that whole economy at risk.   Earlier this month, the National Academy of Sciences estimated that  by 2100, around 17 percent of all ocean life, by biomass, will  disappear. In February, the journal Science found that since 1930, we  have already lost around 4 percent of our harvestable seafood due to  ocean warming, and the fish that we are still able to harvest are  getting smaller due to warming temperatures and depleted oxygen levels.  A 2017 study warned ``the body size of fish decreases 20 to 30 percent  for every 1-degree Celsius increase in water temperature,'' and the  water is warming.   Oceans have absorbed more than 90 percent of the excess heat that has  been trapped by our greenhouse gas emissions. Of all of the excess heat  that has been trapped by greenhouse gas emissions since we began the  Industrial Revolution and started burning all of these fossil fuels, 90  percent of it has gone into the oceans.   How much is that?   The Federal Government's 2017 Climate Science Special Report from  NOAA, NASA, the Department of Energy, and others found that the oceans  had absorbed more than 9 zettajoules of heat energy per year.   What is a zettajoule?   A zettajoule is 9 billion trillion joules. They are not jewels like  your grandmother's earrings. They are joules as a measure of energy.   From 1998 to 2015, the oceans had absorbed more than 9 billion  trillion joules. That is a rate of more than 12 times the total energy  use of humans on the planet. If you want a more vigorous, a more  kinetic description of what that heat load is like, visualize the power  of a Hiroshima-style atomic bomb with its classic mushroom cloud  erupting into the sky. Imagine all of that energy from that nuclear  blast being captured just as heat. Now imagine four Hiroshima-sized  atomic bombs exploding every second. That is the excess heat that is  going into our oceans from climate change--more than four atomic bombs'  worth of excess heat energy being absorbed by the oceans every second  of every day of every year. That is a lot of heat energy, and adding it  to the oceans has consequences.   The global average ocean surface temperature was already up around  0.8 degrees Celsius, or 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit, since before the carbon  pollution of industrial times began, and the rate is accelerating.  According to NOAA, ``the global land and ocean temperature departure  from average has reached new record highs five times since 2000.''   The rapid rise in ocean temperatures is forcing species that were  once southern New England icons to abandon our waters for cooler,  deeper, northerner seas. A 2018 NOAA-funded study warned that hundreds  of commercially valuable species are being forced northward as oceans  warm.   For Rhode Island, squid is now king. In 2017, around 60 percent of  the longfin squid and 63 percent of northern shortfin squid caught in  the United States were landed in Rhode Island. According to NOAA, Rhode  Island's share of the catch was valued at over $28 million. In my  State, that is a big deal. Remember, that is just the landing value.  That is not the surrounding economic value. Climate change is putting  that--our precious calamari--at risk. Squid is Rhode Island's most  valuable fishery with its having accounted for nearly 30 percent of all  of our States' landings, by value, in 2017.   Rhode Island once had a booming lobster fishery. The lobster  population shifted north as our waters warmed, and it left Rhode  Island's lobster traps empty. NOAA reports what we already know: ``The  lobster industry in New York and southern New England has nearly  collapsed.'' Maine is temporarily benefiting from the northern movement  of lobster, but the lobster is expected to keep moving north, into  Canada, as we keep warming the oceans.    In January, the Washington Post ran this amazing piece as part of its  ``Gone in a Generation'' series. It featured the stories of Rhode  Island and Maine lobstermen who deal with our changing ocean.   New England's fishermen also see declining shellfish populations. The  total landings for eastern oysters, northern quahogs, soft-shell clams,  and northern bay scallops all declined 85 percent between 1980 and  2010. NOAA's Northeast Fisheries Science Center identified warming  ocean temperatures as the culprit.   As climate change warms the oceans, all of that excess CO2  in the atmosphere chemically acidifies the oceans as 90 percent of the  heat is absorbed by the oceans and 30 percent of the CO2 is  chemically absorbed by the oceans--out of the atmosphere and into the  seas. It acidifies the oceans, and for many species, that is a double  whammy. Sea scallops were one of the Nation's most valuable fisheries  and Connecticut's most valuable species in 2017 landings. So let's look  at that one.   Ocean acidification and warming both trouble sea scallops. Scallops  and other shellfish extract calcium carbonate from ocean waters around  them in order to build their shells. Acidic waters decrease the  chemical availability of that compound, and if you actually get it high  enough, you actually dissolve the shells of living creatures. In 2018,  the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution warned that ocean  acidification ``could reduce the sea scallop population by more than 50  percent in the next 30 to 80 years under a worst-case scenario.''   While we in the Senate struggle to free our Chamber from the  remorseless political grip of the fossil fuel industry, our fishermen  pay the price. The oceans are warming too fast for us to respond to  rapid changes in fish stocks. So, in our States, black sea bass and  [[Page S4500]]  summer flounder--both species mentioned by Senator Blumenthal--are  poster children for this disconnect.   He mentioned his fisherman Bobby Guzzo in the article from Greenwire,  and Rhode Island's fishermen are telling me exactly the same thing. The  Science Director for NOAA's Northeast Fisheries Science Center says,  ``Much of our management assumes that conditions in the future will be  the same as they have been in the past,'' but that is no longer true.  We are already so off base from historical trends and data that we can  no longer rely on that history to forecast where fish populations will  be.   So black sea bass and summer flounder head north toward cooler waters  from the Mid-Atlantic States, which used to be the home base. You would  think, as they did, that it would make sense for the catch allocations  of that fish to move northward with them. The blue is the base of where  most of the black sea bass food stock existed back in the seventies. Up  here is the base right now. That is the Chesapeake Bay. There is Rhode  Island--there at the hook of Cape Cod in Massachusetts.   It is a big move up into our space, but did the catch limits move up  with it? No. Southern States were unwilling to give up their quotas,  which left our fishermen in Connecticut and Rhode Island to fish our  northeast waters with an abundant catch they couldn't harvest. Imagine  the frustration as Rhode Island, Connecticut, and other New England  States don't have a vote on a critical fishery management council that  makes this decision to put our fishermen at a severe disadvantage to  fight for their right to the fish that are now settling up here in  southern New England. Our fishermen have to throw back valuable fish  from lobster pots and from nets because our fisheries' management rules  haven't caught up with their ocean reality.   We have to update how we manage these shifting fish stocks as climate  change moves fish populations around. We must speed research and catch  limits to match what fishermen actually see in the water. Our fishermen  and our coastal economies depend on it.   I am very grateful to Senator Blumenthal, my outstanding colleague  from Connecticut, for joining me today. Together, we will continue to  fight for a day when our Rhode Island and Connecticut fishermen can  foresee their children and grandchildren continuing their long  tradition of fishing the seas.   We strive for meaningful action on climate change and ocean  acidification, for updated fisheries and climate modeling, and for  improvements on how we manage these stocks. To save our seas and to  save our fishing economies, we must wake up to the threat of climate  change and respond to these consequences that real fishermen are seeing  in their real nets and boats every single day.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senator from Connecticut and I be allowed to engage in a brief  colloquy.    Well, clearly, when it comes to climate change, this  administration is embarrassing itself and our country with the  factually and scientifically preposterous claims that they make, and  the nonsense denial that they continue to propagate is going to be, I  think, a lasting blot on our country, as the rest of the world looks to  us for leadership and sees instead more fossil-fuel-funded denial and  treacherous political behavior by the industry that guides, very often,  the hands of people in government. So from that point of view, it is a  complete train wreck.   From the point of view of helping the fishing communities, they have  actually been taking it on the chin for a while. I will say a good word  for the fishing communities. I think they have really tried to do their  best. When we asked the fishing community to consider moving to a catch  shares type of regulatory model, a lot of them didn't like it, but a  number of them tried it, and they realized they actually could make it  work and it actually improved their business prospects. So that move  has been one that has not been easy for them to make, but more and more  they have made it, and they have been able to see how it works better  for them to be able to share catches.   If somebody is out at sea having a great day, instead of having to go  back in, they can get on the radio to somebody and say: I am having a  great day out here. It is cheap for me to stay out here. I will keep  fishing if you will give me some of your catch. You can stay home. And  they work out the deal over the radio.   That has been a good thing, but, again, it is not easy for them. And  they have also really stepped up, as Senator Blumenthal knows so well,  in our regional ocean planning, the offshore planning. The fishermen  have come forward, and they have participated. They have been, I think,  very fair and productive.   Unfortunately, the manner in which the Obama administration rolled  out the offshore marine monument was a bit of a blow to the trust that  had been developed, but they had participated in good faith. I have  good things to say about what our fishing community has tried to do to  keep up.   But no matter what you try to do as a fisherman, if you have an  abundance of black sea bass--if it is so abundant that it is going into  lobster pots to eat the bait and you are pulling up black sea bass in  lobster pots, if you are pulling it up in your trawls--and you find  that you can't keep this fish, you could go to the dock and you could  sell it for several dollars but, no, you are obliged to throw it  overboard because you can't bring it in. It has already been probably a  little bit compromised, particularly if it has been caught in the  trawl. So it is not likely to survive very long when you put it back in  the water. So you are not really helping anybody by throwing it in. You  know it is valuable. You know there are a lot of them. You know you are  throwing them back injured or having difficulty surviving or, very  often, dead. I have seen them just go twirling down through the water.  You wonder, who is looking out for me, because this does not make  sense? This does not make sense.   The science supports what they are saying. NOAA has known for a very  long time that this black see bass population was moving northward.  This was only 2014. It is even further north from there.   Nothing is more frustrating than not being taken seriously, and I  think we need to take the concerns of our fishermen seriously. Of  course, one way to do that is to take climate change seriously and not  listen to this nonsense about it being a Chinese hoax and not have a  bunch of really creepy eccentrics from the climate denial stooge  community brought into government and actually given positions as if  they were legitimate.    Mr. President, let me conclude by thanking Senator  Blumenthal for his leadership on this issue. Our fishing communities  have a powerful voice in Senator Blumenthal. He has worked with them  for many,  [[Page S4501]]  many years in the Senate and before, when he was attorney general. It  is a great honor for me to share the floor of the Senate with him  today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   