 Madam Speaker, I rise today to share some  reflections on events commemorating the first arrival of enslaved  Africans to English colonies, to North America, including a forum my  colleague, Representative Donald McEachin, hosted in Richmond earlier  this summer and the events that took place on Fort Monroe National  Monument last month.   It was my great honor, along with Representative Luria, to welcome  Congressional Black Caucus Chairwoman Karen Bass and fellow CBC member  Lacy Clay to Hampton Roads for the solemn occasion marking the 400th  anniversary of the first landing of enslaved Africans to English- speaking North America.   The history of our Nation cannot be fully understood or appreciated  without knowing and acknowledging the stories of those first what they  said was ``20 and odd'' Africans and the millions who followed them.   This was a goal that Senator Kaine and I had in mind when we drafted  H.R. 1242, a bill to establish a Federal 400 Years of African-American  History Commission. The goal of that commission was to explore ways to  commemorate not just the events of 1619, but also to recognize all that  has happened since.   The city of Hampton and the Commonwealth of Virginia did a tremendous  job in organizing events, including those last month, to commemorate  and reflect on what happened in 1619; but it is incumbent that we, as a  body, support the ongoing and necessary work of that commission beyond  2019, as we committed to do when we passed H.R. 1242.   Senator Kaine and I are working with our colleagues in Congress to  secure Federal funding to support the work of the commission, which is  mandated under H.R. 1242 to plan programs to commemorate the history,  recognize the resiliency of the African American community, acknowledge  the impact that slavery and legalized racial discrimination has had on  our country, and educate the public about those impacts and  contributions to our community.   The commission is also directed to provide technical assistance to  State, local, and nonprofit groups working to further the  commemorations as well as ongoing research on our complicated history.   Madam Speaker, $1 million was included in the House version of the  fiscal year 2020 Department of the Interior appropriations bill to  support the commission's work, and that legislation passed the House  earlier this year.   I am committed to making sure that these funds are actualized.  Thankfully, there is significant precedent for Federal support for  commissions like this.   Additionally, in recognizing the tremendous task before the  commissioners and the funding challenges they faced, Senator Kaine and  I are also actively exploring ways to extend the work of the commission  for several years beyond its present July 2020 termination date.   This part of our Nation's history is far too important to let this  opportunity pass. Every American should be afforded the chance to  understand and learn from it.   As we gathered at the site of where slavery first arrived on our  shores 400 years ago, we reflected on our complicated history; we  celebrated the resiliency and many contributions of the descendants of  those slaves; and we are committed to following the research and  effectively addressing the issues that continue to plague our  communities, including, a tax on our voting rights, police brutality,  environmental injustice, and disparities in education, housing, wealth,  and criminal justice.   So, as we reflect on the events of 1619, let us all commit to  constructively address those horrific years of slavery and legal racial  discrimination and move forward with the strength, wisdom, and resolve  of our ancestors.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for  convening this Special Order.   