 Mr. President, I want to offer some thoughts regarding the  ongoing negotiations with North Korea that began with the Singapore  summit between President Trump and Kim Jong Un and will continue in a  few days when the two leaders meet again in Vietnam.   I join the chorus of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who  have expressed concern regarding the outcome of the last summit and the  subsequent negotiations. This is not meant as a criticism of the  diplomatic process itself. Clearly, we are in a much better place now  than 2 years ago, when the President was promising fire and fury for  the Korean Peninsula, terrifying our South Korean allies, who stand to  lose millions of their citizens in any confrontation with North Korea.  Furthermore, if the Singapore summit had resulted in a clear path  toward denuclearization, I would be standing here right now commending  these diplomatic efforts.   The maximum pressure campaign, significantly enhanced by this body's  sanctions regime and the United Nations Security Council's resolutions,  brought North Korea to the negotiating table. It was a golden  opportunity and, unfortunately, it was squandered by this ill-prepared  administration, which seems more concerned with photo ops than with the  substance of the negotiation.   The Singapore summit was a loss for the United States and our  alliances and a great publicity win for North Korea. The 2005 six-party  joint statement contained significantly more commitments from North  Korea than the joint statement of the Singapore summit. Given President  Trump's bluster and renouncement of the JCPOA, one would have thought  that he would leave Singapore with an ironclad commitment and schedule  for denuclearization. Instead, he got less than in any past negotiation  with North Korea.   Most concerning to me is that without obtaining a single concrete  concession from North Korea, President Trump undermined our alliance  with the Republic of Korea by characterizing our joint exercises as  provocative war games. It was a huge propaganda win for North Korea and  a huge loss to the United States and to the readiness of the joint  force. The regularly scheduled exercises are very important to troop  readiness and our regional security. While I understand the need to  create diplomatic space for these negotiations to proceed, we must  ensure that we do not sacrifice readiness for empty promises.   While I am pleased with the agreement on the return of prisoners of  war and missing-in-action personnel remains, which rightfully continue  to be important issues for U.S. families, the Singapore summit was  mostly pomp and circumstance that did not advance our national security  interests. In fact, it could be said that we are in a worse position  than we were before the summit. President Trump undeservedly  transformed Kim Jong Un from a ruthless dictator to a world statesman  in short order. He has since used his stature from the summit to make  closed-door deals with China and Russia that will be used as leverage  against the United States.   The President also conferred legitimacy on a corrupt and morally  bankrupt dictator who has imprisoned hundreds of thousands of men,  women, and children in political camps under brutal conditions and has  committed horrendous crimes against his neighbors and own people. Human  rights did not play a prominent role at the summit, and the joint  declaration does not include one single reference. If we want to  continue to serve as a beacon for human rights, this issue will have to  be on the agenda for these negotiations. There are a number of U.S.  sanctions against North Korea because of its human rights record, and  this body will not loosen those sanctions until and unless we see  progress on the issue. As such, I was dismayed that the President in  his State of the Union Address did not call out the North Korean  regime's callous disregard for human rights.   Since the summit, we have seen just how problematic the joint  declaration has been as a foundational document for the negotiations.  While Secretary Pompeo characterized the first meeting with North  Korean negotiators at the summit as ``productive,'' the North Koreans  criticized Secretary Pompeo's gangster-like demand for  denuclearization. The chasm between the two sides was created by the  ambiguity of the summit itself and its failure to create an agreed-upon  path for both parties. We have not seen a substantial dismantlement of  nuclear or missile sites over the last year, and independent news  reporting reflects that North Korea continues to develop its nuclear  and missile arsenals despite the self-imposed ban on testing.   What should we have gotten from the summit? Since we played our  biggest card and gave Kim Jong Un a meeting with the President of the  United States, the answer is a lot more than what we did get. First and  foremost, we should have gotten a joint declaration that North Korea  agrees to complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization. If  we were not going to get that commitment, then we should have at least  gotten a specific commitment similar to the September 19, 2005, joint  statement, where North Korea committed to ``abandoning all nuclear  weapons and existing nuclear programs and returning at an early date to  the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to IAEA  safeguards.'' Instead, we got a vague statement that North Korea will  ``work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.''  [[Page S1426]]    Despite the administration's protestations to the contrary, it is not  at all clear that North Korea actually agreed to complete, verifiable,  and irreversible denuclearization, generally referred to as CVID. I am  concerned, as are others, that the words ``complete denuclearization''  were used because the North Koreans would not agree to CVID. If that is  the case, then, we are starting in a worse place than we were during  the 2005 talks.    Why do these words matter? They matter because of the historical  context of these negotiations. Without the word ``verifiable,'' North  Korea has not agreed to inspections, and, without inspections, we  cannot be sure that North Korea will take the steps necessary to  denuclearize. The regime does not have a good track record of living up  to its agreements. Without a verification process that includes a  robust inspection and verification regime, we will never be sure that  North Korea is not reverting to its past tactics and cheating on its  commitments.   Even more alarming to those who follow past negotiations is that the  commitment that did come out of the summit sounds suspiciously like the  tack North Korea has taken in past negotiations--that denuclearization  of the peninsula will require the United States to remove its nuclear  umbrella from its ally, the Republic of Korea, and remove its troops  from the peninsula. North Korea has peddled this tit-for-tat  denuclearization narrative for years, and this administration must  ensure that it does not become the narrative of the upcoming  negotiations. These competing narratives should have been reconciled at  the summit by the leaders but instead were left for future  negotiations.   The administration now has another opportunity in Vietnam to  establish some credibility for these negotiations and demand a set of  concrete deliverables. We should all recognize that CVID will take  years to accomplish. Despite President Trump's patently false claim  that he has solved the North Korean nuclear threat, that threat is  still very real and very dangerous. There are commitments that we need  from the other side to gauge whether North Korea is sincere in its  intent to denuclearize. We already know that the intelligence community  has made the determination that North Korea does not intend to  denuclearize. Therefore, the concessions we seek from North Korea need  to include a verification and inspection scheme that includes a  reasonable timeline and is comprehensive enough to include all of its  weapons of mass destruction programs and facilities and focuses on  engagement instead of punishment. We should not use inspections as  ``aha'' moments to catch the North Koreans in intentional or  unintentional mistakes. Instead, they should be used as the foundation  to develop a comprehensive picture of all of North Korea's weapons  programs and as the basis for future negotiations.   What would a successful summit in Vietnam look like? We need a  declaration from North Korea of all of its nuclear weapons and programs  and facilities. Ideally, it would also include a catalog of all of its  missiles and missile facilities. This declaration of all of its sites  and programs needs to be provided to the United States in short order  to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency, or the IAEA,  inspectors to start the inspections process, which will take years.   Second, we need North Korea to agree to verifiable denuclearization  with IAEA inspections, and that agreement should include a concrete  timeline with a step-by-step process. If we are going to continue to  scope down our joint exercises for the sake of these negotiations,  then, we need to see concrete actions by North Korea in the next few  months. It has been almost a year since the last summit, and we have  not seen any concrete irreversible actions taken by North Korea on its  nuclear program that signify an intent by the regime to give up or  significantly curtail its programs.   I wanted to speak on this issue today before the second summit  because I am concerned that the President will fall prey to North  Korean manipulation and accept an agreement that does not include  significant concessions by the regime. Kim Jong Un's ploy is to make  commitments for the future that can easily be forgotten or to offer up  facilities or sites that are obsolete.   For example, if the President gets assurances for the dismantling of  the Sohae launch facility and the closure and inspections of the  Yongbyon nuclear facility, he may think that North Korea has moved the  needle on denuclearization, but as the experts will tell you, the real  jewels are other nuclear sites that are more critical for the regime's  programs. As recent reports by the Center for Strategic and  International Studies have shown, there are many missile sites that  have not been declared and that are critical to the nuclear program.  This is why a full declaration is so critical--so that we finally have  a comprehensive accounting of the nuclear and missile programs that  exist.   In the meantime, the administration also needs to be vigilant that  China and other countries continue to enforce sanctions. President  Trump's assertions that the problem is solved will significantly  undercut our ability to keep the pressure on. We need consistent  messaging from the White House and the rest of the administration that  the Singapore summit was the first step, and until we see concrete  results, there will be no abeyance of the sanctions regime. Keeping  China in line on that front will be a significant challenge, especially  given the isolationist bent of this President, who has managed to  alienate the very partners we need to cooperate on the sanctions  regime.   China does not need to state publicly that it will stop enforcing  sanctions. Even low-level cross-border trade can allow the North Korean  economy to hobble along for years, and all it will take is an  indication from Beijing that sanctions enforcement is no longer a  priority.   Let me be clear. One of the most important outcomes of this process  is also the preservation of our alliances with South Korea and Japan.  Even if we were to somehow achieve a CVID deal with North Korea but  lose our special relationships with these two nations, we will come out  the other side less secure than we are today. While North Korea poses a  significant threat to the United States, peace on the peninsula cannot  come at the cost of a diminished U.S. presence in Asia. Our alliances  and partners in the region are the bulwark of our strength in the  region.   Both South Korea and Japan have significant national security  interests that will be adjudicated during these negotiations. Neither  is at the negotiating table. I am very concerned that Japan in  particular is dismayed that there has not been any substantive progress  in the negotiations. It is critical that the administration continue to  raise issues that are critical to Japan, especially the Japanese  citizens who were abducted by North Korea. It is up to this  administration to ensure that their interests are voiced and that their  security needs are met. That means not only addressing North Korea's  intercontinental ballistic missile program but also its short- and  intermediate-range missiles. It means consulting with our allies before  significant decisions that affect their security are taken, and it  means not publicly lamenting about the costs associated with these  historic and strategic alliances. We cannot simply put a price tag on  our regional security. Losing these alliances will cost us far more in  the long run and leave us far less secure than we are today.   We also need to be concerned about the recent deterioration of the  relationship between our two critical allies. Trilateral cooperation is  only effective if South Korea and Japan can overcome their historical  animosities to present a united front against North Korea.   I know there is a lot of discussion today about the possibility of a  peace agreement to end the 65-year-old armistice. I fear that many see  a peace agreement as the precursor for a removal of U.S. forces from  the Korean Peninsula. I am concerned that our President does not  understand the critical importance of the deployment of U.S. Forces  Korea on the peninsula.   Let me be clear. The withdrawal of troops from the peninsula would  significantly undermine our ability to fulfill our treaty obligations  to South Korea. It should not be a subject of these negotiations or any  future negotiations with North Korea. The presence of our troops is the  cornerstone of our military alliance with South  [[Page S1427]]  Korea, and they must remain present and ready to ``Fight Tonight'' for  the benefit of the alliance and regional security.   Looming over all of this is our long-term strategic competition with  China. I find it telling that China was one of the first countries to  announce the cancellation of our joint exercises with the Republic of  Korea.   What are China's ambitions for this negotiation process? While China  is certainly concerned about the nuclear arsenal its southern neighbor  has amassed, denuclearization may not be China's highest national  security concern during these negotiations. In the long run, China  recognizes that its near-peer competition with the United States  complicates its interests in these negotiations. China's highest  priority is likely to ensure that it does not end up with a U.S.-allied  reunified Korea on its southern border. Another goal is driving a wedge  between the United States and its allies in order to promote itself as  a regional hegemon.    We all recognize that Russia has similar ambitions--separate us from  our allies, establish themselves as regional hegemons, and coerce and  bully their smaller neighbors on issues of defense, trade, and  economics. We cannot allow that to happen.   We already see attempts by China to relax sanctions enforcement. This  trade spat is just one of the wedges North Korea will be able to  leverage between China and the United States. We need a coordinated  strategy that keeps our long-term interests in Asia focused while  resolving the North Korean crisis. To date, we have not seen any  indication that such a strategy exists.   Peace on the Korean Peninsula has eluded us for decades. There is an  opportunity now to force Kim Jong Un's hand, through skillful  negotiation and a coordinated sanctions regime, to take concrete steps  toward denuclearization.   I hope this administration will use the Vietnam summit to negotiate a  substantive agreement that keeps America and its allies safe, strong,  and secure.   With that, I yield the floor.   