 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to add my voice of support  for the Interior appropriations bill to fund the government.   Trump's ongoing government shutdown has damaged our economy, our  national parks, and our public lands. This damage that we see is not an  inevitable outcome; this is directly Republican-inflicted damage.   Trump and his enablers seem happy to let this shutdown slow our  economy, hurt Indian Country, and put our national parks and public  lands at risk indefinitely.   It shouldn't be hard for our Republican colleagues to choose between  funding normal government operations or continuing to make people  suffer for the Trump ego and obsession.   This bill is nearly identical to the legislation that already passed  the Senate 92-6. It reopens vital agencies and returns our national  parks to normal business. This means we can clean up the trash and  repair the damage that has been done through this shutdown.   Opposing this bill encourages Trump to keep holding Americans hostage  to his delusional demands.    I gladly yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms.  McCollum).    Reclaiming my time, the administration has not done  enough to protect public safety or the quality of our public lands  during this shutdown. New roads have been bulldozed through protected  land in Joshua Tree National Park because staff was not there to  prevent it. Hikers have been injured and had to rely on volunteers to  carry them to safety. We all heard about the trash piling up at  precious sites across this country.   Every day, we see more damage to our public lands, and that involves,  also, the vandalism and looting on protected areas, cultural areas, and  historic resources in our public lands and parks. I haven't seen any  serious willingness from the administration to end this shutdown and  get back to normal operations.   Ironically, the permitting for gas, oil, and mining continues,  unabated, at the expense of the public taxpayers and employees and, of  course, our public lands and parks. Though the permitting process in  the refuge and in other parts of New Mexico and Oklahoma continues  unabated, this is one part of this shutdown that was not affected at  all.    I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms.  McCollum).    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I am very grateful for  my friend's, Representative McCollum's, leadership on this issue and  for the tireless efforts of the Appropriations chair and Speaker  Pelosi. They are working on behalf of the people to fund and reopen  this government.    I want to make one particular note. While the harm to our parks has  been noted, the damage to Indian Country is less documented and, in  many cases, much more personal and devastating.   According to a January 1 New York Times report, the shutdown has  trapped members of the Navajo Nation in their homes due to unplowed  roads in remote areas and has put many Tribal members and their  families in severe economic stress.   Law enforcement officers continue working without pay because they  are Federal employees. Similar scenarios are reported and are playing  out in Tribal land across this Nation.   The National Council of Urban Indian Health found that 62 percent of  the Urban Indian Health Centers will need to cancel programs or cease  offering services if the shutdown continues. That process has already  begun.   Today, I launched an online tool for Americans to share their stories  of how the Trump shutdown impacts their lives. I ask them to share  their experience of being furloughed, forced to work without pay, and  turned away from visiting public lands and denied essential services.  Trump and his supporters need to listen to these stories. I encourage  everyone to speak out on social media with the hashtag my shutdown  story.   