 Mr. Speaker, it is great to be here and  follow my colleague on the House Administration Committee, the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin).   Obviously, as you will hear over the next 1 minute and 50 seconds, we  disagree. This bill was rushed. This bill does not live up to the  promises that the Democratic majority said they were going to do when  they ran the House and how open, how bipartisan, and how transparent  they were supposed to be.   H.R. 1 means this is the Democrat majority's priority. This bill was  introduced on January 3, and at a press conference introducing this  bill, many different outside, special interest groups were noted for  having helped craft this piece of legislation.   It was 571 pages. It has turned into 622 pages. It has turned into 72  amendments that were ruled in order.   Now, let's take a step back. Ten committees of this House had  jurisdiction within this bill. One committee, the smallest committee in  the House of Representatives, the House Administration Committee is the  only one to mark this bill up.   That is not regular order. That is not an open process. And, frankly,  it is a process that the American people should demand be much  different.   We Republicans were not consulted during the drafting of this piece  of legislation. We Republicans during the only markup that lasted 5  hours, offered 28 amendments that would have made this bill better, and  not a single one was passed. All failed on a party-line vote.   That is not bipartisanship. That is not openness. That is not a  process that is inclusive, and, frankly, the American people should be  very petrified what this bill will do. It is not a bill that responds  to people, as my colleague, Mr. Raskin, just mentioned. This is a bill  that is going to cost the American taxpayers billions of dollars,  creating a mandatory program that is going to line the campaign coffers  of every single Member of Congress with government money.   That is not what the American taxpayers are wanting. That is not what  this institution should be doing. We want every single person in this  country to be able to cast their vote and make sure that they have the  right to do it, the ability to do it, and to ensure that that vote is  protected. This bill does nothing to make sure that happens.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time  as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I agree with my colleagues across the aisle that there is  a role for the Federal Government to play in election infrastructure,  campaign finance disclosure, ballot access transparency, and election  security. However, H.R. 1 was developed to serve the special interests  of Democrats and the outside organizations that support the Democratic  Party and will not accomplish its alleged goal of being for the people.   The greatest threat to our Nation's election system is partisanship,  and that is what we are seeing right here in H.R. 1. It misuses  taxpayer dollars, takes power away from States to administer their own  elections, and threatens to limit Americans' constitutional rights.   H.R. 1 proposes all groups limit free speech and imposes vague  standards that disadvantage citizens who wish to advocate on behalf of  any public policy issue.   Every American has a right to support causes they believe in, and  that is exactly why the American Civil Liberties Union echoes my  concerns. The ACLU said that there are provisions that  unconstitutionally impinge on the free speech rights of American  citizens and public interest organizations.    When groups that have traditionally supported the Democratic Party  cannot support H.R. 1, it underscores why election reform legislation  should not be developed in a partisan manner.   H.R. 1 overreaches our Constitution by taking power away from States  that decide how their election should be administered, States that know  their residents' election needs much better than a Federal bureaucracy  does.   Congress should be partnering with States to support them in  increasing voter registration instead of forcing a federally mandated  one-size-fits-all approach that will be costly and ineffective.   This bill also fails to include safeguards, while implementing new  voter registration and voting practices.   I cannot stress enough that Congress should absolutely be in favor of  increasing access to the polls, but we do that by adding the necessary  checks and balances to ensure these votes and that access are  protected.   We should allow States to maintain their own voter rolls in order to  process voters in a timely manner on election day, avoid unfunded  mandates, and manage voter lists to avoid voting irregularities. A few  voting irregularities can change the outcome of a single election,  especially when you live in a competitive district like I do. Every  single vote makes a difference between winning and losing.  [[Page H2392]]    If we pass new voter registration practices in H.R. 1 without  creating safeguards to prevent voting irregularities in these  practices, we risk taking away the choice of the American people.  Simply, another way, H.R. 1 is taking away the voice of each American  voter.   If we want to increase our election security, Congress should support  States choosing their own methods and machines. Multiple points of  entry are more secure than one system. Federalizing election security,  as this legislation does, will not protect voters.   When H.R. 1 was introduced, it was referred to 10 committees in the  House. This bill, which is now over 600 pages, will now have gone from  introduction to general debate on the floor of the House with only half  of those 10 committees holding a single hearing, and only one of those  committees holding a markup.   The Democrats promised greater transparency in the majority, but we  are not seeing that in their first major piece of legislation.   We just received the CBO score for H.R. 1, which egregiously  underestimates H.R. 1's cost to the taxpayers by conveniently leaving  out many of the legislation's most expensive provisions. H.R. 1's  campaign match provision is what is being left out. CBO said they  needed more time to develop a more comprehensive score. That was  ignored.   Though my Democratic colleagues may have changed where exactly the  bucket is, they are still using H.R. 1 to put more money into  politicians' campaigns. H.R. 1 is creating public subsidies through the  6-to-1 government match program on small dollar campaign contributions  of up to $200. For every $200, the Federal Government, the taxpayers,  will now pay $1,200 to a politician, to Members of Congress' campaigns.   While my colleagues across the aisle now say this will be of no cost  to the taxpayer--as of a new gimmick that they developed yesterday--I  would like to point out that every single House Democrat signed on to  cosponsor this legislation before any changes were made to this  provision.   Make no mistake, the new majority wants to put your hard-earned tax  dollars into their own campaigns. While they may have changed the route  to get there, that is their fundamental goal with this obvious sham  campaign finance reform. They say they want to get money out of  politics, but they are using this bill, H.R. 1, to funnel more in.   Provisions like this do not belong in any campaign or finance  election reforms. Election reforms should be bipartisan, not serving  the interests of partisan politicians.   As we move forward with the debate today, I hope my colleagues across  the aisle will thoughtfully reconsider their eager support of a bill  that will harm the American voter and taxpayer and not simply vote, as  we have seen throughout this not-open process, along partisan lines.   Every American's vote should be counted and protected.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Walker), my colleague, good friend,  and member on the House Administration Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Duncan), my good friend.    Mr. Chairman, I am very privileged to  stand here with somebody who grew up in the same rural county as I did,  in Christian County, Illinois.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Bucshon), my good friend.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Georgia.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Barr).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows), my good friend.    Mr. Chair, before I reserve, may I  inquire as to how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McClintock).    Mr. Chairman, it gives me great  pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Scalise), the most courageous Member of Congress that I know, the man  who bleeds tiger blood.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana.    Mr. Chairman, this has been a long  debate. I am enjoying the discussion, enjoying the debate. This is why  we all came here to Washington.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Jordan), my good friend.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlemen from Florida (Mr. Posey), my good friend.    Mr. Chair, it is with great pleasure I  get a chance to introduce my good friend, whom I have known for a very  long time from Illinois.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Bost), and I would like to ask him to throw his papers in the air and  hit them when he is done with his speech, too.    Mr. Chair, it is great to have the  author of the bill here on the floor.   I guess if I had a chance to ask a question, it would be why, then,  was this new corporate malfeasance fund put in the manager's amendment  that was given to me 30 minutes before our Rules testimony last night?   There are many concerns with this bill, and a lot of those concerns  hinge upon this 6-to-1 matching program that, in the end, is a new  mandatory spending program that will have to be funded, have to be  funded by the taxpayers to make up the difference if corporate money  that is now going to be used--that we can't take right now as  congressional candidates--is going to be used to fill the coffers of  the campaigns that this author talked about.   I had no idea that the Democrats' solution to getting corporate money  out of politics was to put more corporate money into campaign coffers  of every Member of Congress. It doesn't make sense to me, which is why  this bill doesn't make sense to me.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Biggs), my good friend.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Palmer).    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Alabama.    Mr. Chairman, it is interesting, my  colleague, Chairperson Lofgren, mentioned the NAACP, because the next  gentleman that I am going to introduce, he and I both share  Springfield, Illinois, which is known, after the 1908 race riots, to be  somewhat of the birthplace of the NAACP.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  LaHood), my good friend.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Illinois.    Mr. Chairman, I have no further  speakers, and I am ready to close.   I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.    But before I do, Mr. Chairman, may I  inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the  balance of my time and that is not nearly enough to talk about all the  bad provisions in this bill once again.   There are so many provisions in this bill that many of my colleagues  graciously came down to the floor to talk about them. As a matter of  fact, I have with me a file of letters from groups  [[Page H2408]]  like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the ACLU, the National Right to  Life, and all others that have been outspoken in their opposition to  this behemoth partisan piece of legislation.   Let me remind everybody once again: we Republicans--there are only  three of us on the House Administration Committee--were not consulted  at all by anyone who wrote this bill, nor by any of the groups who were  pointed out at the press conference announcing this piece of  legislation that they helped to write this bill. Make no bones about  it, this shell game, this nebulous freedom from influence or whatever  fund you want to call it, the CBO estimates they don't even have enough  information on it. They are estimating the taxpayers will be on the  hook for at least $1 billion, and that goes in addition to the over $2  billion that the rest of the bill is going to cost the taxpayers of  this country.    Now, it is interesting, I just read a tweet--I never met the  gentleman, Dan McLaughlin, but it is a pretty good explanation of what  I think this bill is. His tweet says: ``Professional politicians do  unethical things that they've written the rules to allow.''   This bill has written the rules to allow Members of Congress to  enrich their own campaign coffers that will eventually be on the backs  of government and the taxpayers. This is not why we should be here.   I am for the American voter. I support that every eligible voter have  easier ways to register to vote and get easier access to the polls.  What I am not for is for Washington, D.C., taking over elections and  enriching the campaign coffers of the people who sit in this room.   I know what difficult elections look like. It is the worst of  partisan politics, and it is personal to me. I know what it looks like  when people take well-intentioned laws and use them to their political  advantage. I don't want that to happen, and I believe H.R. 1 will allow  that to happen.   We have had disagreements. I respect the fact that my colleagues have  come here to debate this bill, but this is the furthest thing from a  bipartisan bill. I can't say it enough how opposed to this bill I am.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in  opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my good  friend and colleague from North Carolina's assertion that we have to be  cognizant of what is happening in rural America and how, maybe a top- down approach from Washington may not be the best approach when we  might not have public transportation opportunities in many of the rural  areas that he and I both serve.   But, as Mr. Butterfield is a member of the House Administration  Committee, I would have hoped that this amendment would have been  offered during the committee markup, the markup, the only markup that  was held on this 622-page bill. We offered 28 amendments on the  Republican side and not a single one was accepted.   These are the types of amendments I would have loved to have seen  have bipartisan support in the committee process because I am from a  rural area. I understand it is sometimes difficult for people in rural  areas to vote.   But we have got to leave it up to the States and localities to be  able to determine where these polling places are going to go,  especially in the rural areas.   We have a hard enough time having somebody here in Washington figure  out where everybody is going to be in an office every 2 years. Can you  imagine somebody in a concrete building out here in Washington, D.C.,  determining where a polling place should or should not be in a town  that I represent in central Illinois?   That is my problem with this bill; it is a top-down approach that  takes away the ability for locals to really truly get polling places in  areas that are accessible for every voter to be able to cast their  vote.   Mr. Chairman, I want every single American to be able to vote. Every  vote, every single vote in every American vote deserves to be counted  and protected.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, my colleague from North  Carolina is right. We had a good, healthy discussion on how rural  voters could be adversely impacted by the original language that was in  the bill that would have required polling places to be next to areas of  mass transit.   Well, as we both know, there are many areas we serve that don't have  access to mass transit. My problem is not with what this amendment  does. My problem, again, is with the process.   My problem is how are we going to determine--and my biggest fear is  that if Washington is determining where polling places should go, maybe  we are not allowing the locals to determine best how to ensure that  voters get easiest access to being able to cast their vote.   I want to work with the gentleman from North Carolina to address many  rural needs, especially when it comes to our oversight responsibility  of elections. And I certainly hope--I do believe this amendment will  pass--and I certainly hope, if it becomes a law, which I don't believe  H.R. 1 will become law, but I would really encourage us to be able to  work together after this is done and maybe work in a separate fashion  to address rural voting communities' needs. And I look forward to  working with the gentleman.   Mr. Chairman, I know we have a lot of amendments, so I will go ahead  and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, again, as I mentioned  earlier, I would have liked to have seen these amendments offered  during our House Administration markup as my good friend from Maryland  is also a member of the House Administration Committee.   There was some discussion on issues like this and I was under the  impression, during that markup process, that provisions like my  opponent put into this amendment were already part of the bill.   But let me add, this amendment would turn businesses and corporations  into partisan political entities and shareholder meetings and votes  into political conventions.   It would require corporations to poll their shareholders on whether  the corporation's political spending should be  [[Page H2483]]  made in support of, in opposition to Republican, Democratic,  Independent, or other political party candidates and political  committees.    Business decisions drive corporations' political spending. This would  inject partisan political considerations into corporate political  spending.   And let me remind the American people, corporations are banned by law  currently to be able to give directly to candidates or to organizations  that will directly support or oppose candidates during an election  cycle. This is going to further polarize our political environment.   This amendment also relies on unconstitutionally vague and intent- based standards for what corporate spending is covered by the  shareholder preference assessment requirement. It is going to encourage  the current practice of activists taking hold of proxy advisory firms  to socially engineer public policies through proxy shareholder votes.  There is no transparency to proxy advisory firms.   I am opposed to this amendment because it is vague and impractical,  and would, again, infringe upon free speech. It is not clear what  speech is covered under this amendment and that is, perhaps, the worst  part.   The practical effect of this amendment would be that the companies  would not have shareholder elections under this new standard. Many  would probably stop paying dues to trade associations because the  language might be construed to cover that. That would be a bomb on many  of the largest and most important trade groups. No similar requirement  for other organizations as part of this bill, of course.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time  is remaining.    Mr. Chair, look, I don't own too many  stocks outside of mutual funds, but I do have one that I get statements  to ask me to cast a vote for those members who are currently members of  the board of directors or running to be. What I do is use the  disclosure database OpenSecrets. I find out the political spending of  these individuals who are going to determine the outcome of the stock  that I have invested in that, hopefully, will grow in value, because  that is why people invest in the stock market, and that is why people  invest in corporate entities that may be publicly traded.   The problem I have with this amendment is I thought corporate money  wasn't supposed to go to candidates. I don't take corporate dollars.  Frankly, I am probably one of the ones standing in this institution  tonight who had many of these super-PAC dollars spent against me in the  last election. They can't take corporate dollars.   But the issue at hand is, in another part of the bill where this new  Freedom From Influence Fund is put together, they are now going to use  corporate dollars to create a fund that is flowing through the Federal  Treasury that should be going to infrastructure, should be going to  pediatric cancer research. Instead, it is going to flow into this new  shell that is going to have corporate money go directly to  congressional candidates, which is illegal now.   That, to me, is the biggest problem with this bill, and that, to me,  is a problem with this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to a discussion on many other amendments  throughout this long evening.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, while I appreciate my good  friend from Florida's amendment, this amendment doesn't go far enough.  It does nothing to stem the practice of ballot harvesting.   Ballot harvesting is a practice of States allowing any person to  collect any number of absentee ballots and then deliver them to the  polls. It could be even after election day.   This practice, of course, is ripe for fraud, and we saw most recently  in North Carolina how it can be abused to the advantage of political  campaigns.   In North Carolina's Ninth District, the individual who harvested  ballots for a Republican, where we will now have a special election,  was caught because the practice is illegal. It is unlikely that he  would have been caught in a State like California, because the practice  is perfectly legal.   Take the current law in California. A signature is invalid if the  ballot turned in by a harvester doesn't match a signature in the voter  file, but the campaign can cure this by getting the voter in question  to submit an affidavit that they voted. Then that signature only has to  match the signature in the voter file, not the signature on the ballot.   A harvester could theoretically take a bunch of ballots, submit them  with forged signatures, and then collect signatures afterward, since  the campaigns would later get a list of the signatures that were  rejected.   Loose standards relating to providing notice to voters whose  signatures were mismatched, as well as a lengthy cure process without  any safeguards, disenfranchises voters who showed up and cast votes  before or on election day.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I respect the gentleman's  amendment. As important as recycled paper may be, this, I believe,  would present an undue burden on our States and our local officials who  administer these elections.   This requirement of using recycled paper is narrowly tailored for  Federal office elections, yet Federal, State, and local elections often  occur at the same time. This makes it incredibly impractical and  difficult for State election officials to comply with this amendment.  States, theoretically, may have to have two different paper ballots:  one for Federal elections and the other for State and local matters.   Also, recycled paper is less available and more expensive, giving  local election officials fewer options. This requirement could have an  undue burden on States as they aim to comply with this amendment, and  it is impractical, as voters often vote on Federal, State, and local  elections on the same ballot.   This is ultimately a federalism issue. I have a problem with the  entire bill being a federalism issue. We should defer to the States and  their budgets on how to best administer elections tailored to their  unique considerations.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman's  willingness to show awareness and concern over climate change and our  environment. Maybe this amendment is better suited for when the New  Green Deal is called up on the floor for all of us to cast a vote upon,  but this is an undue, unfunded mandate from the Federal Government  right down to the State and local officials.   This is something that can cost local election officials even more  money to run elections and then also run the risk of them not having  enough money to budget to print enough ballots that will be available  on election day for the increased voter turnout that we have seen over  the last few election cycles. At that point in time, it becomes a very  big burden on local taxpayers.   This bill is going to be a burden on local taxpayers. This bill is  estimated to already cost almost $3 billion. It creates another  mandatory spending program.   I appreciate my new colleague's willingness to come here and offer  amendments. I just believe that this amendment is, again, adding to the  unfair, unfunded burden that H.R. 1 gives to many State and local  election officials.   State and local election officials know best how to stack their  ballot boxes to ensure they have enough ballots for everybody to vote,  and this will now be an added cost.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.   The Acting Chair. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the sponsor of  the amendment.   Mr. Chair, again, this is another added cost to the taxpayers that I  believe, and my colleagues, I believe, should agree is already being  taken care of. The EAC is already tasked to take on this role.   The Election Assistance Commission is an independent, bipartisan  commission charged with developing guidance to meet the Help America  Vote Act of 2002 requirements.   The EAC has already done extensive work on best practices for ballot  design that are available to State and local officials already. In  fact, the EAC published their insights on the importance of good ballot  design just last month and are already in the process of updating its  guidance based upon the feedback it has received. I would assume that  would have been studied already.   Additionally, every 2 years following an election, the EAC sends its  election administration voting survey to election officials in all 50  States, the District of Columbia, and our four territories. The survey  includes national-, State-, and county-level data on voter  registration; uniformed and overseas voters; early, absentee,  provisional voting; voting equipment usage; and poll workers, polling  places, and precincts.   All that to say, again, this is a waste of taxpayer dollars to be  redundant and have the EAC perform another study that is going to cost  the taxpayers of this country.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman's  intention, and I appreciate his willingness as a new Member of this  institution to come down here and participate in the amendment process.  We need folks who come to this institution and they want to legislate,  they want to be on the floor, they want to offer amendments.   My biggest problem with this amendment is we don't know how much this  study is going to cost taxpayers. These are the types of studies that I  believe the information that my colleague wants to get is already going  to be in place. Why do we need to spend any more tax dollars on another  study that is going to provide the same answers that my colleague has  already asked them to now do a new study on? The EAC is doing their  job.   Now, let's get back to the overall issue of H.R. 1.   H.R. 1 was a bill introduced on January 3 with zero Republican input,  zero outreach to anybody on my side of the aisle, let alone the three  Republicans that we have serving on the House Administration Committee,  the only committee that marked this bill up.   At that announcement of this 571-page bill that is cosponsored by  every member of the Democratic conference, it was shown that, heck, the  author thanked all the outside special interest groups who helped write  it.   We were given no input whatsoever on this legislation that is going  to cost the taxpayers billions of dollars.   I am sorry, Mr. Chairman. I am going to do everything I can to make  sure we lessen the amount of undue influence and unfunded mandates  coming through this amendment process, and this is my one chance to do  that.   Now, I am glad that my colleague mentioned the H.R. 1 of the last  Congress. I learned my lesson not to yield back, as he just did,  because now I get the last word.   This is an opportunity to remind my colleague, my new colleague, that  it has even been reported 80 percent of what the Congressional Budget  Office estimated that our tax cut bill that put thousands of dollars in  the pockets of middle-class families, it has already paid for itself by  80 percent. In less than a year, we changed this. This is why H.R. 1 of  the last Congress actually helped families put more money in their  pockets.    H.R. 1 this year is going to actually cost taxpayers billions and put  more money in the pockets of Members of Congress' campaigns.   This is a travesty that is no comparison, and that is exactly why  this bill is terrible. And no offense to my colleague; I just oppose  his amendment because I think it is redundant.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the  opportunity.   I am not necessarily opposed to this amendment, and if the gentleman  is willing, I am ready to move towards closing. I am ready to close on  this debate, so I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance  of my time.   