 Mr. Chairman, at the heart of America's economic  prosperity and unrivaled security is an abundant, affordable and  reliable supply of domestic energy.   The lion's share of America's energy supply, nearly 90 percent, comes  from fossil energy resources, and the hardworking energy producers of  West Texas are leading the way. This is thanks to the great American  work ethic, entrepreneurial spirit, and drive for innovation.   In the Permian Basin in West Texas, we went from producing a million  barrels of oil a day in 2012 to four million today, and we are on a  path to producing 8 million barrels a day within just a few years.   The blessings of these natural resources have allowed us to become  the most powerful and prosperous nation on the face of the planet. It  has allowed us to build the largest middle class in the world; helped  us to produce the new technologies and innovations that have improved  the quality of life and given us the highest standard of living in the  world.   It has been the lifeblood of this land of opportunity, where we now  have more jobs than we actually have people to fill them.   Having an abundant supply of energy doesn't just fuel this economy.  It also is an overwhelming advantage in terms of national security.  Energy independence gives us choices that many nations would be envious  of. It allows us to export that same freedom to our allies and to  democracies around the world.   Forcing our President to stay in this terrible deal would undermine  many of those advantages, and it would penalize the American people,  and cost hundreds of billions of dollars. It would cost us millions of  jobs.   At best, the Paris Agreement is a feel-good-do-nothing political  window dressing, at best. At worst, it is a tax on the middle and  working class. It is a millstone around the neck of our job creators.  And it is a gift to our enemies, and we must oppose it.   It would punish the American people. It would punish our children and  their future in this country.   Look, I want responsible stewardship of the environment, like  everybody in this Chamber. And I want clean water and clean air for my  kids. But I also want them to grow up in the safest, strongest, freest  nation in the world.    The irony of this discussion is that the United States is leading  this debate. We are leading in our actions.    The irony is the innovations and technology that  created the shale revolution have already resulted in significant  reduction in carbon. Since 2000, the U.S. has led the way by cutting  emissions by almost 20 percent.   We need policies that are not hostile to America's main source of  energy. Instead, we should put forth solutions that encourage the  continued development of all energy resources, while setting high and  responsible standards for environmental quality and human health. And  we should carry out this mission in partnership, not in hostility, in  partnership with States and industry.   