 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman, Mr. Pallone, for the  extraordinary leadership he has shown on this issue and so many others,  and for his being an original drafter and sponsor of the Affordable  Care Act.   Sitting here, I was listening to speaker after speaker after speaker  tell me that this doesn't protect preexisting conditions. Of course, it  does. But those are people who not only didn't want to protect  preexisting conditions, they wanted to repeal the whole bill. They  wanted to kick 20 million people off health insurance. Give me a break.  Their crocodile tears are not, hopefully, deluding anybody. They are  against the Affordable Care Act. We get that. This administration has  done everything they can think of to undermine the Affordable Care Act,  which has an adverse effect on the ability of Americans to get health  insurance at a price they can afford.   Mr. Chairman, over the past few years, congressional Republicans and  the Trump administration have engaged in a dangerous campaign to  repeal, undermine, and dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Now,  depending upon how long they have been here, they may well have voted  over 60 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act. All of it. Preexisting  conditions and everything else.   Through executive actions and lawsuits, they have sabotaged the law  and fueled uncertainty in health insurance markets in the process. They  have a suit right now which wants to, effectively, repeal the entire  Affordable Care Act that the Attorney General of the United States and  the President of the United States are supporting.   Spare me these crocodile tears about how this bill doesn't protect  preexisting conditions. It does. But they don't care whether it does or  not.   They, the people, want to know that protections for those with  preexisting conditions won't disappear. That tens of millions of  Americans won't be made, effectively, uninsurable and lose their  coverage.   There are very few of us in this Chamber or in the gallery who don't  have some sort of preexisting condition. We, Democrats, are committed  to making sure that that will not preclude people from getting health  insurance.   In the first days of the Congress, we took action to do what the  Trump administration's Justice Department has refused to do: defend the  law in court. We are taking that action.   Instead, the Trump administration is seeking to overturn the entire  law, including the ban on denying coverage for those with preexisting  conditions.   Now, the Republicans did pass a bill, when they were in charge. They  sent it over to the Senate. They had a big--and I know other people  have talked about that--a big celebration at the White House, and the  President embraced the bill. Some 10 days later, he said: No, it is a  mean bill. The President of the United States embraced it, and, 10 days  later, it is a mean bill.    Overturning the law means the end of popular provisions, like a ban  on forcing women to pay more for the same coverage as men or allowing  those under age 26 to be covered under their parents' policy.   The administration's lawsuit would also bring back out-of-pocket  costs for preventive care and screenings. We want to encourage  preventive care. Why? It saves money and saves lives. Most egregiously,  it would kick 20 million Americans off health insurance coverage who  were able to get covered because of the Affordable Care Act.   Last month, the House passed a resolution written by Colin Allred,  our new Member from Texas, condemning that lawsuit which would repeal  the Affordable Care Act, and reiterating the importance of protecting  Americans' access to quality, affordable care.   Yesterday, the House took another step by passing bipartisan bills,  which Mr. Pallone brought to the floor, to help speed up the process of  bringing the cost of generic drugs down and not prescription costs up.   Today, we have a bill to overturn the Trump administration's guidance  that sabotages the Affordable Care Act by allowing substandard plans.  Are they cheaper? They are. But, in the end, they are much more  expensive because the coverage is minimal.   The effect of such a rule is to drive up prices for those with  preexisting conditions. That wasn't the intent of the Affordable Care  Act, which aimed to make coverage affordable for all Americans.   Next week, we will continue focusing on healthcare by considering  additional legislation to help Americans access quality, affordable  coverage.   I urge my colleagues on both sides. Some of them have said they want  to protect preexisting conditions. Some of them have said that. If they  believed it, then they need to vote for this bill. They need to do  something to protect those with preexisting conditions. Today's vote is  their opportunity to do so.   I thank Representative Kuster, who is on the floor with us today, for  introducing this legislation, and, again, Chairman Pallone for bringing  it to the floor.   House Democrats will continue, as we pledged to do in this last  campaign and as the people who voted for us are expecting us to do, to  protect the Affordable Care Act, protect their ability to get  insurance, notwithstanding a preexisting condition, protect their  families, protect them, and make America better.    Will the gentleman yield? I would like to tell the  gentleman why that happened in Maryland.   