 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to  H. Res. 430, a resolution authorizing the Committee on the Judiciary to  initiate or intervene in judicial proceedings to enforce certain  subpoenas, and for other purposes.   This resolution is an assault on this body's constitutional oversight  authorities. By proceeding in this unprecedented manner, the House is  putting the judicial branch in an unfortunate position.   Never before has the House authorized the general counsel to sue  without first exhausting all our constitutional remedies to gain  compliance with our oversight demands. Proceeding in this manner risks  weakening our ability to carry out our oversight responsibilities.   On May 8, the Committee on the Judiciary voted 24-16 to hold Attorney  General Barr in criminal contempt of Congress. The committee did not  pursue contempt against Donald McGahn. Mr. McGahn's case is unique, and  I will address it in more detail later.   Contrary to press reports, Mr. Speaker, we are not acting today on  the contempt citation reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. We  are authorizing the House to sue the Attorney General, Mr. McGahn, and  any other official or private citizen any committee chair deems  contemptuous in the future.   This is a novel, untested, and risky proposition. I will give it to  you this way, Mr. Speaker: The majority is definitely audacious in  their request.   The media and the Democrats routinely rail against the President  being quick to sue. Well, Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what the  majority is doing. Having rushed to contempt, we are now bypassing that  remedy altogether and going straight to court.   Constitutional scholar Jonathan Turley recently wrote, Democrats'  litigation strategy ``is clearly driven more by political than legal  calculations.''   This is the problem I have, Mr. Speaker: These tactics weaken the  House, aggrandize the executive branch, and cede decisionmaking to the  judicial branch.   This is a problem. The majority can mess up oversight however they  want to. The majority can rush to judgment whenever they want to.   My chairman has subpoenaed most everything that moves, and it seems  other committees are wanting to as well. But here is the problem: When  you are rushing to this and you are taking it on grounds that are not  legally sound--and which, by the way, at this same hearing where Mr.  Turley was, all three of the Democrat witnesses also agreed that the  subpoena of the Attorney General was not legal in the sense that it was  asking him to do something illegal.   The other issue here is, when you practice proper oversight, we are  getting documents on election results, we are also getting documents on  immigration and others from this administration. Where the rub has come  is in overbroad illegal subpoenas from these committees.   Now, they may want to screw it up now for their purposes, but I don't  want it in the future, going forward, where this House's oversight  ability has been tampered by a rush to judgment. Let's think about this  institution more than our next headline.   This is a problem because it is uncertain here, Mr. Speaker, the  House will even be granted standing in court since we have declined to  exercise all of our constitutional remedies, namely, contempt, in its  many forms.    This is not the only impediment facing Democrats. At every turn, as  we have discussed in our minority views to the committee's contempt  report, the majority refused to engage with DOJ in the requisite  negotiations and accommodation processes.   During our markup of the contempt resolution, the chairman made  several damaging admissions--this is the chairman of the Committee on  the Judiciary:   First, he conceded the Attorney General cannot lawfully comply with  his subpoena demanding grand jury material.   Second, he stated the subpoena was the beginning of a dialogue. I am  not sure what first-year law student will believe that a subpoena is  the beginning of a dialogue.   Third, he admitted the subpoena was intentionally broad to give the  committee clout in court.   Again, I am not sure which Black's Law Dictionary we are looking up  under ``subpoena,'' but that is not part of it.   All along, the goal has been to get to court, not to get information  and conduct legitimate oversight of Russian interference or secure our  elections. If Democrats were interested in these good government  issues, they would have accepted DOJ's offer to review the nearly  unredacted Mueller report.   Today, Mr. Speaker, the chairman, even, has not done so. The goal is  to clearly haul the administration into court in an attempt to pacify a  base rabid for impeachment.   When Congress exercises its oversight powers, it must take advantage  of every offer of information from the other branch. It is disingenuous  to decline the free information Democrats so strongly claim to want. It  shows the majority does not want the information; they want a fight.   In addition to the subpoena being overly broad and requiring the  Attorney General to violate the law to comply, the chairman failed to  establish a valid legislative purpose for his demands. There are other  avenues the chairman could seek to get the information he wants.  Congress could pass a law granting itself an exemption to grand jury  secrecy rules, but the majority has not brought that up.   The most alarming aspect of this action, however, is the  unprecedented speed--a mere 44 days passed between the chairman's first  request to the Attorney General and the date the committee held him in  contempt. In stark contrast, 464 days passed from the date that  Chairman Issa requested information from Attorney General Holder on  Fast and Furious and the date the Committee on Oversight and Reform  held him in contempt, 138 days for Harriet Miers and the date the  committee held her in contempt.   The action the majority is authorizing today against Don McGahn,  however, Mr. Speaker, is far more egregious for many reasons. Mr.  McGahn is not the custodian of the documents the committee and the  chairman demand. The White House is. Yet we are smearing a private  citizen's reputation and dragging him into court--at taxpayer expense-- in an effort to redo the Mueller investigation because the majority and  the media didn't like the outcome.   Democrats again have failed to lay a foundation for any action  against Mr. McGahn. Chairman Nadler has never formally objected to the  President's protective assertion of executive privilege or other common  law privileges asserted by Mr. McGahn.   Under Supreme Court precedent, the chairman must take this important  procedural step to pursue further actions against a witness. The  witness should be given a clear-cut choice between compliance and  noncompliance, between answering the question and risking prosecution  for contempt. Here, the witness is being hauled into court without  proper notice.   Evidence of this glaring error is in the Record. On May 31, Chairman  Nadler wrote Mr. McGahn's counsel and stated he did not agree with the  White House or Mr. McGahn and offered to  [[Page H4414]]  continue negotiating, but the chairman also gave Mr. McGahn a deadline  of June 7--this past Friday--to respond. Meanwhile, the Rules Committee  noticed a markup of this resolution on June 6, one day before the  deadline.   I think we are seeing the pattern here. This is a revealing error.  But errors occur when you are pushing action through at light speed and  ceding your power to the judicial branch. A court will decide whether  the House has standing, whether the case is right, and whether the  Congress is entitled to the information outside of an impeachment  inquiry.   As also has been said, the propositions are a gamble. Here, Mr.  Speaker, we are gambling with the power of a coequal branch. This  approach is untested and can do significant harm to Congress' Article I  authority.   Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I must make mention, the authorization of the  general counsel to seek pro bono legal services circumvents the House  ethics rules.    Mr. Speaker, those rules provide an exception  for Members to bring civil action challenging the lawfulness of an  action of a Federal agency or an action of a Federal official taken in  an official capacity provided that the action concerns a matter of  public interest rather than a matter that is personal in nature.   This resolution contravenes ethics rules by giving the general  counsel the authority, in Mr. McGahn's case, to solicit a gift: pro  bono level services. I am not sure that was the majority's intent, but  the inconsistencies result when Democrats aim to rush resolutions  through the House outside of regular order.   Mr. Speaker, the majority may wish to change the rules. This majority  may wish to get to the finish line quicker. The majority may wish to  circumvent everything that is present in this House--and we have seen a  lot of it over the past 5\1/2\ months--but I wish they would take into  account that they may not be the majority forever, hopefully, and if  they mess up oversight of a coequal branch, it is on their hands.    That is what the vote for ``yes'' is on this resolution. That is why  a Member of this body should vote ``no'' for the integrity of this  House.   