 Madam Speaker, I rise to condemn the racist statements  made by the president of the United States against my colleagues here  in Congress.   Our nation is a beacon of hope to the world, a nation where people  arrive with the goal of embracing the American dream. They and their  children make vital economic, educational, civic, and social  contributions to the American fabric--they become business owners,  doctors, and even members of Congress. It is clear that the diversity  that this country provides is not our problem, it is our promise.   Although the president has indicated that there are ``many people  [who] agree with'' his comments, I, and many Americans, were  disappointed that the individual who acts as our representative on the  world stage would share these racist sentiments. I have confidence that  the beliefs reflected in the president's statements are not held by the  American people as a whole and do not reflect who we are as a nation.   This country has endured too many obstacles and undergone too many  lessons learned to accept these offensive statements. We have endured  slavery, forced displacement, Jim Crow laws, and internment camps. We  are still working to fight against redlining, voter intimidation, hate  crimes, and mass incarceration. Our country deserves better than this.  The world deserves better than this.   Americans yearn for a day when we are not fighting each other but are  fighting towards a common mission to continually improve our great  nation as the United States of America.   This is why my colleagues and I are committed to fulfilling this  agenda. We are working to lower drug prices, we are working to restore  voting rights for every American, we are working to eliminate the  opioid epidemic, and we are committed to ensuring that we find  solutions to the problems in our criminal justice system.   Let me be clear, these words should have no place in the dialogue of  our United States of America.   That is why I am a proud cosponsor of H. Res. 489, a resolution  condemning President  [[Page H5857]]  Trump's racist remarks against my colleagues who have dedicated their  lives to public service and representing the constituents of their home  districts.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution and  condemning the president for these incendiary comments.   