 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I want to  consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 762, was introduced by Representative  Cartwright on January 24. I would note that it is identical to bills  that passed the House in prior Congresses by a voice vote, unanimous  and bipartisan.   This legislation would require that the Secretary of Energy establish  a clearinghouse to share information regarding available Federal  programs to help schools initiate, develop, and finance energy  efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting projects.  These types of energy upgrades will help schools stretch their budgets  and reduce their impact on the environment at the same time.   This is a good, bipartisan bill. It is going to help schools take  advantage of existing programs to cut down on their energy use. As I  have said before, we should continue to encourage these innovations in  energy efficiencies to help address climate change, and this bill is a  good step in the right direction.   Mr. Speaker, when I was a student, I never had a legislator come  visit my class. As part of my district operation, I visit a school  literally every week.   So we all have districts that look pretty much the same. I have  probably 100-some school districts, close to 500, 600 school buildings  for sure, and as I have visited these classrooms in the years that I  have served, every school is different. Many of these schools are 40,  50, 60 years old.   This legislation is needed. We want to make sure that the money for  education not only goes to help our students move forward, but, in  fact, that they are in a safe environment. Energy conservation is  something that is needed at almost every one of our schools.   This is a good piece of legislation. I hope that we can pass it again  today by a strong, bipartisan--perhaps, unanimous--vote, and I urge  that the Senate take it up as quickly as they can.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on our side that I  am aware of, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   