 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak in favor of my proposed  amendment.   This amendment will empower small dollar donors to participate in our  elections process and focus the attention of candidates and political  parties on earning financial support from a broader base of voters.   All across our political spectrum, we decry the historically low  esteem in which Congress is now held, as well as the utter absence of  many, if not most, of our fellow citizens from their government, as if  the two were unrelated. For, of course, low esteem breeds absence, and  absence breeds low esteem. Most Americans simply feel left out, without  a voice, unvested, unwanted, and, thus, the downward cycle.   Nor is this just about low esteem and absence. For the vast majority  of Americans are not vested in our government, and if our government is  only supported and is only representative of the very few, mostly  moneyed and influential, interests of our country, then that does not  lead to representative decisions and erodes the consent of the  governed, the political and social consensus on which our democracy is  based.   As just one manifestation of this dangerous and worsening syndrome,  the Center for Responsive Politics reviewed 2018 election-cycle  contributions and found that, still again: ``Only a tiny fraction of  Americans actually give campaign contributions to political candidates,  parties, or PACs. The ones who give contributions large enough to be  itemized, over $200, is even smaller. The impact of these donations,  however, is huge.''   In fact, according to the center, while less than a half percent of  the population contributed $200 or more, their contributions totaled 71  percent of all individual contributions in 2018 to candidates, PACs,  parties, and outside groups.   The clear corollary is that the vast majority of Americans do not  participate in our elections with their financial support and that, of  those who do contribute, their voices are drowned out in a sea of  larger contributions from a precariously narrow interest base.   This is why leading reform groups such as Issue One and its ReFormers  Caucus, a fully bipartisan group of now over 200 former Members of  Congress, Governors, and Cabinet members committed to nonpartisan  solutions to fixing our broken system, cites increased and broadened  voter participation in the election process through means such as  amplifying the voices of small donors as key to returning our  government to the people.   My amendment would take one small but meaningful step in that  direction by authorizing national political party committees of any  party to contribute up to $10,000 to a candidate, twice the amount  currently authorized, if the amount consists solely of individual  contributions of less than $200, and by making corresponding changes in  the limit on coordinated expenses.   By permitting such committees to provide enhanced support to their  candidates through use of separate, small dollar amounts, this change  would incentivize greater attention by committees of all parties to  small dollar donors, greater participation by such donors in the  political process, and representation of a broader and more  representative America by those elected.   I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments of my colleague, but I did not  detect in his comments any objection to the amendment, and I hope that  that means that he would agree that a much broader and more  representative group of Americans should, in fact, be incentivized to  participate in the political process.   I hope he would agree that one of the basic problems we have in this  country today is the disincentivizement and the disenfranchizement of  too many people who just simply don't feel a heart and zone of  participation. I hope he would agree that this amendment, at least, is  one way to accomplish that.   Speaking also to the broader purpose, he made reference to the fact  that this was a partisan bill, and I would refer him to Issue One,  which I referenced in my comments, and to the ReFormers Caucus, which  is about 100 each, Republicans and Democrats, Members that he would  recognize, leaders of both parties, now retired, who have looked back  on their service in this Congress and have concluded that many of the  provisions in this bill are the right way to go, not just this  amendment, but many, many of those provisions, and I hope he would  reference those leaders of the party for guidance going forward with  respect to the intent of this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    No, that is not correct. It provides that if contributions  are received from donors of $200 or less, those may effectively be  pooled into a segregated account by either political party and then  contributed to candidates in an amount over and above the amount  allowed for contributions of over $200. So, therefore, you will see  that that would incentivize both parties to start to think a little  more seriously about getting contributions from donors at less than  $200.    Mr. Chairman, first of all, to my colleague, I accept the  gentleman's offer to work in a bipartisan way to fix some of these  major problems. I look forward to it, number one.   Number two, the gentleman referenced that special interest groups had  drafted this amendment. If there is a special interest group, it is the  ReFormers Caucus, on a bipartisan basis.    I yield to the gentleman.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   