 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the US-Mexico- Canada Agreement Implementing Act. Updating NAFTA is crucial to  America's workforce and our economy. Our vote today is not just about a  trade bill. For our nation, trade has never been singularly about the  exchange of goods and services across borders. This bill is about  making monumental progress in the fundamental framework of trade  negotiations. It is about America's competitive edge, the rights of our  workers, the stewardship of our environment, and so much more.   Millions of American jobs depend on trade with Canada and Mexico.  NAFTA is a 25-year-old agreement that has long needed an upgrade to  meet the demands of our times. American workers and American businesses  deserve the best possible update that we can negotiate, I believe that  is precisely what we have here.   As a member of the New Democrat Coalition, and a strong supporter of  international trade, I have for years fought for the advancement of key  New Dem priorities to be included in trade bills. With USMCA I am  pleased that under Speaker Pelosi's leadership Democrats negotiated for  many of these priorities and they are in this agreement.   I am proud that we fought for and secured stronger labor and  environmental provisions and the elimination of language in the  implementing bill that would have allowed the administration to  unilaterally lower the U.S. de minimis threshold.   The great state of New York shares a border with Canada. New York's  connection with its top trading partner, Canada, is strengthened in  this agreement. With USMCA, New York's sixteen billion dollars in  exports to Canada can increase, jobs are secured, and we lay the  groundwork for deeper economic ties while making progress in the best  interest of citizens throughout North America.   America's strength has always been undergirded by our prowess in  trade. New York has a special place in American history in that regard.  With USMCA we safeguard our nation's ability to compete, while being  caretakers of our environment and upholding the rights of our workers.  After 14 months of negotiations, I am proud to support this bipartisan  agreement, and push forward the framework for trade agreements in the  years to come. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R.  5430--The United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement Implementation Act.   