 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Burgess) for yielding.   I am on the Ways and Means Committee. I was at the markup for this  legislation, Mr. Speaker, and I do want to correct the Record from the  previous statement that my colleague on the other side of the aisle  made that this was a bipartisan legislative initiative. Not one  Republican voted for this bill.   We offered up several amendments. None of them were taken. One of  them, for example, was one that I proposed whereby these employees  would take out a guaranty policy that would ensure that taxpayers get  paid back for these ``loans.''   They call them loans, and the gentlewoman says that they must be paid  back. That is not true. Read the fine print, my fellow Americans. It  says that they can be forgiven, that they can be converted into grants.   This is a bailout. This is one of the most reckless, fiscally  irresponsible pieces of legislation I have ever seen.   Yes, we need to help those workers. They were the real victims. The  culprits? The unions and the employers making benefit promises that  they knew good and well they couldn't deliver on.   Who is now going to hold the bag? Our children and grandchildren.   Today, we are bailing out $100 billion worth, about 130 plans  irresponsibly managed--grossly, irresponsibly managed. It is our  children who will pay for this.   This is the first $100 billion. There is $650 billion, roughly,  underfunded liabilities in multiemployer pensions. Of the 1,300 pension  plans, whereby 10 million workers are covered, 75 percent of the  workers are in plans that are less than 50 percent funded.   This is a disaster. This is a terrible precedent. This is a moral  hazard if I have ever seen it because we will do this for $100 billion,  but we won't fix the problem. We don't do anything to get at the root  cause that brought us here, and there will be a line as long as the eye  can see to bail out the next $100 billion and the next $100 billion. It  won't be the multiemployer pension. It will be State pensions and local  pensions.    We are bankrupt, Mr. Speaker. We are bankrupt in this country, and  this is the most irresponsible way to try to solve this problem of  underfunded and unfunded liabilities for these workers.   Hold the people who are responsible accountable. Don't just give a  blank check from the taxpayers to bail out this program and be right  back here doing the same thing.   I was a regulator at the FDIC. We would close down a bank that gave  these so-called loans so fast that your heads would spin.   This is not a loan. This is a complete write-off of irresponsible  behavior. We shouldn't have anything to do with this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this bill. I oppose it. I  hope they will, too.   