 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to talk about a resolution  that I have introduced with my fellow Senator from Maine, Susan  Collins, and 11 other fellow Senators from both sides of the aisle-- truly bipartisan--to designate November 2019 as National Homeless  Children and Youth Awareness Month.   Specifically, this resolution highlights the issue of children and  youth homelessness and supports the efforts of businesses,  organizations, educators, and volunteers who are dedicated to meeting  the needs of homeless children and youth.   In the 2016-to-2017 school year, there were 1.3 million children and  youth--I repeat, 1.3 million children and youth--who experienced  homelessness in the United States.   In West Virginia alone, our schools have identified more than 10,500  students experiencing homelessness. This is simply unacceptable, and we  must do more to support our future generations. That is why I am a firm  believer that there are five promises--five promises--we, as adults,  should make to every child.   No. 1 is every child must have an unconditionally loving and caring  adult in their life. That is the first. Every child must know that  someone loves them unconditionally. No matter what you do and no matter  what mistakes you make, at the end of the day, that person loves you.  It could be your mom or dad; it could be a grandma or grandpa; it could  be an aunt or uncle; or it could be a neighbor, someone who knows they  have your back no matter what.   No. 2 is every child must have a safe place to call home where harm  cannot enter. I would hope it is the home they live in. Sometimes it is  not always the case. Sometimes it might be a school. It might be an  after-school program. It could be a church. It could be a neighbor's  home. Every child growing up has to have somewhere safe in their life  where harm cannot enter and they are protected.   No. 3 is every child must have a healthy start and access to a  nutritious diet. I think that is why you have seen in our school  systems that we have expanded our nutrition programs from breakfasts to  lunches. When I went to school way back when in rural areas, we had no  cafeterias and no lunches, but for some reason, I could always tell  when my mom or other parents had put an extra sandwich in the lunch  pail knowing that we couldn't eat it but somebody could. There were  always those who kind of stepped in and helped others.   Now we have that. Every child has to have a healthy start and access  to a nutritious diet if they are going to grow and be engaged and,  basically, be productive.   No. 4 is every child should be taught a livable skill so that they  can make their own way through life. Primary and secondary education is  free in America. It makes us different from every other country in the  world. We commit to every child that they can get an education to be  literate--every child. That is why education should be held to a higher  standard to make sure that they have a skill set.   There should be no child graduating from high school who is not ready  to  [[Page S6537]]  work or ready to learn more. We should be able to identify in 7th, 8th,  or 9th grade what their interests are going to be, whether they are  going to be skill-set driven or whether they are going to be  academically driven. Both are needed, and we should not make them feel  like failures if they don't go to college because a lot of people  aren't desiring to go to college. A lot of them want to work with their  hands. They want the skill sets; they have that ability, and we should  identify that very early.   No. 5 is the hardest promise because you cannot teach it. You can't  teach this promise that you should keep to every child--that that child  should grow to be a loving, caring adult and give something back. They  can learn that fifth one only by how you conduct your life, how that  special adult in their life--mom, dad, aunt, uncle, cousin, neighbor,  after-hours group, school--someone in their life has given them hope:  Hey, I can be that person; I can give something back; and I can help  somebody like me.   Those are the five promises. If we can't keep those, then God help us  all. We owe that to every generation. To have one child homeless in  this country is wrong. Homelessness means you have no stability; you  have no functional family; and you have no biological mom or dad to go  home to. You are either couch surfing or basically living with another  relative--whatever it may be--and this is something we have to  intervene in and make sure we can correct.   We must keep these promises to our children so that our future  generations will grow up to be the best they possibly can and meet all  their expectations. We expect our children and youth to care about  their education, but if they don't have a roof over their head or a  place to sleep, if they don't have adequate nutrition and meals, they  can't focus on learning as they should be able to.   I heard one child say: I am just trying to survive. I am just trying  to make it through the day and survive. I would love to get the  education you want me to get, but when it becomes basically survival  tactics or educational tactics, survival will kick in first.   That is what they are dealing with. This crisis is affecting not just  these students in their homes, but it affects their school life, too,  and we must do better to ensure that they can learn and give back to  their communities.   Speaking of doing more, there is a lot of great work being done in my  State of West Virginia and nationally and, I am sure, in all the  States. One wonderful example is the Children's Home Society in West  Virginia. I know they are watching and are gathered for their annual  conference today. I want to thank them for the incredible work they  have been doing. They have been strong leaders in helping children and  families who experience homelessness in West Virginia. We truly  appreciate their leadership on this issue in our State and hope that  their work can be used as a standard for the other States to combat  this issue.   Recently, I visited South Charleston Middle School to see the work  they are doing to address the child and youth homelessness crisis  facing our State from the perspective of a student's life, much of  which is spent at school. They use Federal funding to help correctly  identify students who are homeless so that they can provide services to  those who need them.   I hope my resolution will help raise awareness on this issue so that  more schools can use the funds available to support the students who  are experiencing homelessness. In West Virginia, the child and youth  homelessness crisis is intensified by the opioid crisis that has  ravaged our State. The lasting effects of the epidemic on our children  and future generations are terrible, from the increase in children and  youth homelessness to a rise in youth substance use disorder.   This crisis will continue to affect communities like those all across  West Virginia for decades to come, which is why we must begin to combat  and address issues like child and youth homelessness now.   In the middle of this crisis, there are success stories, too, like  Hannah's. Hannah's parents could not care for her because of substance  use issues, so she went to live with a family friend, who subsequently  removed all support. A high school counselor referred Hannah to the  Youth Services System Transitional Living Program, which helped her  finish high school and go on to college. She is a recipient of the YSS  Ronald Mulholland Futures Scholarship and attends West Virginia  University, where she is now a junior studying chemistry. Last summer,  she completed an internship in Tennessee.   The Youth Services System is a wonderful national organization that  works to provide shelter for children and youth across America.  Organizations like the Youth Services System and the Children's Home  Society deserve recognition for their incredible work because, without  them, success stories like Hannah's and so many others wouldn't even  exist. This is why we must raise awareness of this issue so that we can  support the wonderful work being done across the United States every  day.    I am so proud to be here today to advocate for those 1.3 million  children and youth across our Nation who need our help and deserve our  help. We must do better for them, and I believe strongly that this  resolution is the beginning to work toward solving this major crisis  our Nation has with broad bipartisan support. If there is one thing  that brings us together, it is the children. It is not a Democrat or  Republican problem. It is a problem for all of us. It is an American  problem, and we have to face it.   With the support of 23 national organizations, I hope this resolution  will pass quickly. I look forward to working with my colleagues who  have signed on to this resolution and those on both sides of the aisle  to bring us back together to combat child and youth homelessness.   I yield the floor.   