 I thank Senator Casey for his work on behalf of workers  during his whole 13 years in the Senate and his work especially for  mine workers and teamsters with the Butch Lewis Act and with pension  and healthcare. That is so important.   Senator Kaine has been stalwart for these retirees and particularly  in southwest Virginia, where he has worked as Governor, and also  Senator Manchin who was speaking earlier.   We need to remind this body that 86,000 miners are facing a looming  threat of massive cuts to the pension they have earned. What people in  this body don't often understand is these miners and their widows  aren't getting rich from these pensions. These pensions are $500 or  $600 a month. Also 1,200 miners and their families can lose their  healthcare by the end of the year because of the Westmoreland and  Mission Coal bankruptcies.   The bankruptcy court can allow these corporations to shed their  liabilities. That sounds familiar. So often big companies go to court,  and these lawyers and judges don't really understand what collective  bargaining is and don't understand the sacrifices these workers made to  earn these pensions. Shedding their liabilities is a fancy way of  saying walk away from paying miners the healthcare benefits they  earned.   Two years ago, we worked to save the miners' healthcare. We have to  do it again. We can't leave these workers behind just because of the  date their company filed for bankruptcy. We have to make sure they  don't lose retirement security on top of that.   All 86,000 UMW union mine workers are facing crippling pension cuts.  They aren't alone. The retirement security of hundreds of thousands of  teamsters in Virginia and Ohio and Pennsylvania and ironworkers in  Cleveland and carpenters in Dayton and Cincinnati--so many retirees and  so many workers' pensions are at risk.   Congress tried to ignore these retirees, but they fought back.  Workers rallied. They called, they wrote letters, and they rallied  outside the Capitol on 90-degree days in July. They rallied outside the  Capitol in 15-degree days in February.   We have seen those Camo UMW T-shirts around the Capitol. They are  persistent. They don't give up. Many of them are veterans. They left  the mines to serve their country. They went back into the mines. Now,  as they fought for us, we need to fight for them.   It comes back to the dignity of work. When work has dignity, we honor  the retirement and security people earn. We honor work. We respect  work. The dignity of work is about their wages, about their retirement,  about their healthcare. It is about safety in the workplace. This is  why I wear this pin. It is a depiction of a canary in a birdcage. The  mineworker took the canary into the mines. The mineworker did not  always have a government that stood with them to protect their safety.  That is what the union did so many times.   People in this town too often don't understand the collective  bargaining process. This town is overrun with lobbyists up and down the  hall and in Senator McConnell's office. Lobbyists line up and get  favors from the Republican leader. Never ever does organized labor,  never do workers get these same kinds of favors when it comes to  support like this.   With regard to collective bargaining, what people don't understand is  that the people give up their wages today to put money aside for their  future pensions. We made progress with the bipartisan pensions  committee. I thank Senators Portman and Manchin and all the Members-- Senator Kaine and Casey--all the Members of both parties who put in  months of work in good faith on this.   I am committed to these miners. I know my friend Tim Kaine is  committed to these miners, to these workers, to these small businesses.  For their success and their livelihood, they depend on getting these  pensions they have earned.   We will continue to work for a bipartisan solution. If you love this  country, you will fight for the people who make it work--people like  these mineworkers.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday the Banking Committee heard from  one of Facebook's executives about, if we can believe this--it almost  doesn't seem possible--how Facebook wants to create its own monopoly  money. That is right, after scandal after scandal with Facebook, where  they betrayed the public trust, with the damage they have done to  journalism and the damage they have done to democracy, the compromising  and betrayal of people's privacy.   Again, believe it or not, even the United Nations said what Facebook  did to contribute to the humanitarian disaster in what we know as  Burma, Myanmar, where literally hundreds of people died--the United  Nations said Facebook contributed to the genocide. That almost doesn't  sound believable, but they contributed to the genocide, a U.N. report  said, in that part of the world.   Now, after scandal after scandal, Facebook expects Americans to trust  them with their hard-earned paychecks. It is pretty breathtaking.   When you think about it, in this body, you know what happens when  corporations want something. They always get it. With the leadership in  this body and with the White House looking like a retreat for Wall  Street executives and the big banks, they always get what they want.   When have big corporations ever been held accountable? Look how the  majority leader and President Trump treated Wall Street banks. Of  course Facebook thinks they can make mess after mess, they can refuse  to clean it up, and they face no consequences.   We know that big banks scam customers and break laws. Not only do  they get away with it, they get rewarded. Last year, as we know, this  Congress passed and President Trump signed legislation rolling back  laws protecting working families from Wall Street greed, as if Wall  Street weren't doing well enough. They had record profit and record  executive compensation.   Remembering 10 years ago and what happened with Wall Street--there is  a collective amnesia in this body. My  [[Page S4895]]  colleagues seem to forget what Wall Street did to our country 10 years  ago.   I have said this on the floor before, and I will say it again: My ZIP  Code in Cleveland where Connie and I live is 44105. That ZIP Code had  more foreclosures in 2007 than any other ZIP Code in the United States  of America. I still see the remnants of those foreclosures--high levels  of lead-based paint, homes abandoned, property values going down. Yet  this Congress and President Trump want to do more for Wall Street.   The big banks ask for weaker rules, even though it put millions of  families at risk--job losses, the evisceration of retirement plans,  people losing their jobs, people losing their homes. President Trump  said: OK. Let's do what the banks want.   The year before that, Congress passed and President Trump signed a  $1.5 trillion tax cut for corporations, big banks, and the richest  Americans. Since the Republican tax bill passed, corporations have  moved jobs overseas. They spent hundreds of billions of dollars on  stock buybacks because the executives apparently weren't making enough  money with their record compensation. Corporations have spent $1  trillion in these stock buybacks. Of the eight companies with the most  stock buybacks last year, half of them were on Wall Street.   The big banks and the big investment houses have done very well with  this Trump economy. They have done very well because of the goodies  this body continues to bestow on them.   One thing we also know is that Wall Street can never get enough  handouts. They always want one more. Not too long ago, a bank lobbyist  said: ``We don't want just a seat at the table, we want the whole  table.'' That is so brazen and arrogant. Unfortunately, this Congress  and this President seem to want to give it to them.   They let banks haggle over their stress test results. We require  these banks to take a stress test, but before they take the test-- imagine getting to do this in high school or college. Before you take  the test, we will tell you a little more about what will be on the  test.   They take away consumers' right to have their day in court when banks  scam them.   They go easy on foreign megabanks. You could name them. So many of  the foreign banks have gotten their way so often in this body and done  damage to our economy.   We gave them breaks in the rulings that the Federal Reserve made.  Last month, we saw the Fed once again go easy on Wall Street banks  during their annual stress test. They basically gave them extra credit  for even submitting to these tests at all. What does that mean for the  giant banks? The Fed will let them do even more stock buybacks. The Fed  ought to understand that megabank CEOs are not playing T-ball, where  everyone gets a participation trophy just for showing up; they are  playing with family's lives.   We know all over the country what happened to people's retirement,  what happened to their jobs, what happened to their homes. People in  this town may have collective amnesia and have forgotten the financial  crisis and housing crisis, but families who lost their homes and jobs  and retirement savings and their college funds haven't forgotten what  happened. This town has forgotten what happened 10 years ago, and it  could happen again.   The more we roll back these rules and look the other way when  corporations want to take big risks--not with their money but with  other people's money--the higher the chance one of these big risks  doesn't pay off. You know who pays the price. You remember who paid the  price 10 years ago when the economy tanked because of Wall Street greed  and Wall Street overreach. When Wall Street bets don't pay off, it is  workers, families, taxpayers, and people in my neighborhood who pay the  price. It is your money they are gambling with.   Hard-working Americans face real consequences when they break the  law, and so should Wall Street executives.   