 Madam President, first, I want to compliment the  leadership in being able to come together on a budget agreement. This  was a good day for the Senate, a good day for Congress, and a good day  for the American people.   We now have predictable spending caps not only for the fiscal year  that begins October 1 but for the following year. This is good news. It  provides the predictability we need in order to have early process for  the consideration of the appropriations bills. When we return in  September, it is our anticipation that the House and Senate  Appropriations Committees will be hard at work, and we will have an  opportunity to get our work done prior to the beginning of the fiscal  year on October 1.   I want to explain why I think this was the right vote and why I  proudly supported it. It provides a reasonable growth rate for  discretionary spending. If you look at the trend line over several  decades, you will find that discretionary spending has become a smaller  and smaller part of the Federal budget. We held back on discretionary  spending in this country, whether it is defense or nondefense needs,  and those needs have grown.   We have not kept up with the needs of funding these programs. This  budget agreement will now give us the opportunity to set priorities and  move forward with many important programs that are funded by  discretionary spending. Once again, discretionary spending has grown  much slower than the growth rate of our budget, generally.   It is a reasonable expectation that we can meet the needs of the  people of this country by allowing some growth. What does it mean?  Well, this past week, the Environment and Public Works Committee has  recommended a transportation reauthorization bill for service  transportation that would grow by about 10 percent. I think everyone in  this Chamber understands that we have tremendous unmet needs in  transportation infrastructure in this country. These caps give us a  better opportunity of meeting those types of needs.   Tomorrow I will be in the city of Bowie--which is not far from here-- meeting with the mayor who has a simple request: His drinking water  pipes need major maintenance or replacement. There is not enough  capacity within the ratepayers in order to be able to do that work. He  needs the Federal partnership, State-revolving funds, or other areas in  order to help fund a modern water infrastructure so we have safe  drinking water in our community.   These budget caps, again, give us the opportunity to move forward on  programs like that so the Federal Government can help us meet our  needs.   I am proud, in the State of Maryland, that we have the National  Institutes of Health located and headquartered in our State. We are all  very proud of the work they do. They are unlocking the mystery of  diseases in this country. We need to fund them. At the present time, so  many worthwhile grant applications go unmet and unfilled that could  discover how we could deal with some of the most dreaded diseases in  our country. Funding NIH is in our national interest, but we have been  held back because of the budget caps that have been in place. This  allows us now to move forward with that priority.   This is the year we prepare for the census. We only do that every 10  years. We take the census of our country. This budget will allow the  Census Bureau to have the tools so we can accurately count the people  in this country. Why is that important? The Constitution says it is  important. It is important so we have proper legislative representation  in the congressional districts as well as in the State legislatures.  That gives us the numbers so the communities are properly represented  and so their voices can be adequately heard. It is also used for  distribution of Federal funds so proper distribution can be made to the  people of this country. I can go on with a whole list of issues that  are important. Each one is important.   We will set the priorities, whether it is childcare or dealing with  our veterans. We all talk about how we want to do what is right for our  veterans. We know there are a lot of unmet needs. This budget will  allow us to move forward in that area.   I am proud to represent the State of Maryland that has major urban  centers. This bill will allow us to deal with some of the challenges we  have in our urban centers.   I also represent rural Maryland. This bill will allow us to move  forward with their needs. We will be able to move forward on education,  which should be our top priority. It is a great equalizer in this  country.  [[Page S5291]]    Now the appropriators have to make those judgments on the priorities,  and we will have to reconcile between the House and Senate and get the  President's signature.   That is what we should be doing--setting the priorities for our  country but having a reasonable pool of money to deal with  discretionary spending. We have been denied that for many years. Now we  have the opportunity to do what Congress should do and set the  priorities for this country.   In addition, we have the drug problems. I probably have more meetings  in my State on dealing with the drug crisis. It is in every community  in Maryland and this Nation. I hope we will see increased Federal  participation in that area.   Another part of the budget agreement was to extend the debt limit for  2 years. This, to me, is one of the absurdities of what we do on debt  limits. We incur money--we incur debt--and then we put a limit as to  whether we will pay for the bills we incurred. You don't default on  your debt. That is not what America is about. We have to control what  we spend, but we have to pay for what we spend. We have to honor our  debt. Our credit ratings were at risk. The Secretary of Treasury made  this one of his top priorities. I agreed with him on this issue. Now we  no longer have the fear that America will not honor its debt.   The bill also gets rid of sequestration. Good riddance. This was put  in as a placeholder for us to deal with the budget deficit. It didn't  work in that way. All it did was cause uncertainty, and in many  respects, it would have required across-the-board cuts. That is not the  way we should do business. We have to make decisions. Sequestration  could have been used for us to avoid making the tough decisions. We  have to do that ourselves.   The bottom line is the budget agreement gets rid of that and gives us  a much better chance of avoiding a government shutdown, which makes  absolutely no sense at all, and of, hopefully, not having to deal with  continuing resolutions. Continuing resolutions put us on autopilot  because we can't pass a budget. Now, I hope we will be able to pass  budgets and avoid not only shutdowns but continuing resolutions.   I want to emphasize this point. Discretionary spending has become a  smaller part of the overall budget of this country. It has been a  shrieking song. So why do we have growing deficits? By the way,  discretionary spending is at historically low levels in this country.  Revenues, unfortunately, are also at historically low levels. In other  words, we are not raising the traditional amount of revenue that is  necessary for us to pay our bills.   I come from a family who believes you have to pay your bills. I think  it is wrong for us to spend money today and ask our children and  grandchildren to pay for our current spending. We should have the  courage to provide the revenues that are necessary to pay our bills.  Instead, what have we done? We have cut revenues again and again so our  deficit today is not sustainable. We have to deal with it.   The major culprit has been these irresponsible tax cuts, the last of  which went primarily to the wealthiest people in the country. According  to the Congressional Budget Office, it will add $1.9 trillion to the  deficit over the next decade. That is the culprit of the deficits, and  that is what we should be dealing with.   I have heard a lot of my colleagues come in here and lament this  agreement. They have said it is going to add to the deficit. Some of  these people are the same people who voted for the tax cut. Let's be  direct about this. We have to have the revenues that are necessary to  pay for what we incur in spending.   Yes, there is another area in which we can do better, and that is in  healthcare spending, much of which is mandatory spending, not  discretionary spending. These are the appropriations that have to be  made. We can do a much better job of reining in the cost of healthcare.  We had a chance to do that this week, but we didn't take full advantage  of that.   I am a member of the Senate Committee on Finance. We passed a bill to  deal with the escalating costs of prescription drugs. Today, in  Maryland, I have been told one out of every four healthcare dollars is  spent on medicines. We pay so much more in America for medicines than  do the other industrialized nations of the world.   Yes, we have recommended to the Senate body a bill to deal with the  cost of prescription medicines. It will deal with the issue of putting  a cap on the escalation of the current drug prices. It will put a cap  on the out-of-pocket costs that the people on Medicare Part D will have  to pay. That is good. Those are two good things.   We had a chance to really make a difference by eliminating the  prohibition in the current law that prevents Medicare from negotiating  the costs of medicines. Think about that for one moment. Where else do  we do that? We tell businesses they can't leverage all of their buying  to get the lowest possible prices, and we tell Medicare it can't  leverage the total market it is paying in order to get the best price  on prescription medicines.   What does that mean? That means we are overpaying. Whether you are  paying it in Part D premiums, whether you are paying it in private  insurance premiums, or whether you are paying it as a taxpayer, we are  paying too much for medicines. It is the primary reason the  international price on medicines is so much lower than what we pay in  America.   We had a chance to deal with it this week, and we didn't. We will  have another opportunity when the bill comes to the floor, and I hope  we will do the right thing by removing the prohibition that is in the  current law on negotiating price.   I am very pleased we got this budget agreement done. No, I am not  pleased about the deficit, but I recognize that we need to deal with  revenues and that we need to deal with costs like prescription drugs,  which were not part of today's vote. I hope, when we return in  September, the good will we have used in order to get this budget  agreement done will continue and that the appropriators will be able to  reconcile their appropriations bills before October 1 so we will not  need continuing resolutions and so there will be no threat of a  government shutdown.   I hope we will have the same type of bipartisan commitment by which  people have expressed their outrage on the growth of the deficit in  order to deal with the real causes of the deficit. We will have a  chance on prescription medicines to deal with those costs. Let's have  the courage to sit down and make sure we raise the revenues we need in  order to pay for our expenses.   I yield the floor.   