 Madam President, I have had the pleasure of serving in the  Senate alongside Johnny Isakson for close  [[Page S6810]]  to 15 years, and it has been a privilege to work and join with him on a  number of legislative efforts, but, more importantly, Johnny is the big  brother I never had, whom I aspired to be like. I will never have the  speaking ability he does, but he is a brother because although we grew  up across the country from each other, we shared many experiences that  shaped our formative years and continue to influence our work in the  Senate. We both served in the Air National Guard; we both were in  business before entering politics; and we both were Sunday school  teachers. Even our spouses, Dianne and Diana, have similar names. We  both served in the State legislature before we came here.   Besides his speaking ability, there are many things I will never  match. Johnny served in the Georgia legislature for 17 years, beginning  in 1974. After serving as the chairman of the Georgia Board of  Education for 2 years, he was elected to the House of Representatives  in 1999 and then to the U.S. Senate in 2004.   Throughout his time in both the State and Federal legislatures,  Johnny was nothing short of a pioneer in the State of Georgia. He was  the first Georgian ever to be elected to both Houses of the Georgia  State legislature and both Houses of Congress. He is the first  Republican in Georgia to be elected to a third term in the U.S. Senate,  and he is the only Republican Senator currently serving as the chair of  two committees at the same time.   Now, despite these tremendous achievements, Johnny never lost sight  of what was important and remains committed to legislation that is  important to the folks in Georgia and across the country.   I remember when I was chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee, there was a mine accident in West Virginia. Senator  Kennedy, who was the ranking member, and I decided to go down there to  take a look, and Senator Isakson asked if he could come along. We went  down, and we talked to the safety inspectors; we talked to the mine  owners; and, most importantly, we talked to the families of the men who  had been trapped in this mine. We learned the story of how coal mining  had been decreasing over the years, so the people who sell the safety  equipment quit inventing the safety equipment because they never had  the market for it. Consequently, when coal mining started coming back  up again, the equipment wasn't in place for it. We found out what was  needed, but Johnny was the real salesman for it. He has a picture of  one of the family members. He carried that picture with him everywhere,  and anytime the subject of mine safety came up, he brought that picture  out so everybody could see a real person--there it is--a real person  whom we were trying to provide for the future and see that accidents  didn't happen.   I also had the pleasure of working with Johnny on the Senate Finance  Committee. We passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which reformed  America's Tax Code for the first time in 30 years, and gave hard- working families more choices about how their hard-earned money should  be used. We were both businessowners in the private sector before  entering politics and understand the burden that heavy taxes and  Federal regulations can place on families and businesses. His expertise  and insight was invaluable when the Committee was considering this  historic piece of legislation, and instrumental in helping it become  law.   Throughout his time in the Senate, Johnny remained committed to  ending reckless Federal spending and reining in out-of-control national  debt. This is an issue we cannot ignore anymore. It is a focus of mine  as chairman of the Budget Committee. Senator Isakson has repeatedly  introduced the biennial Budgeting Appropriations Act, which would take  concrete, serious steps toward fixing our appropriations process. It  has been a pleasure to work with a friend who understands how dire our  situation is and has a commitment to finding lasting solutions that  will not only secure a better future for today but also for generations  to come.   Johnny understood that the United States owes all its servicemembers,  veterans, and families a great debt of gratitude for their service and  sacrifice they have made. He knew our country would not be the Nation  it is today without those who are willing to give so much of  themselves. Johnny took those values to heart as chairman of the Senate  Committee on Veterans' Affairs and enacted policies that significantly  improved the lives of our most vulnerable veterans.   He was instrumental in the passage of the MISSION Act, which took  significant steps toward reforming veterans' healthcare through the  Department of Veterans Affairs. Senator Isakson truly understood that  military service requires sacrifices not only for the servicemember but  of the entire family. He ensured that those who gave so much for their  country received not only the benefits they deserve but knowledge that  those efforts in protecting their homeland did not go unappreciated.   Probably most important, though, is that Johnny is a man of faith.  Despite the tremendous achievements, he never lost sight of what truly  matters and never wavered in his commitment to God and to do what is  right. My mother used to tell me: Do what is right, do what is best,  and treat others as they wish to be treated. Johnny lives by these  words and never forgets why he is here, which is to represent and serve  the people of Georgia and the United States to the best of his ability.   I am deeply saddened that Johnny will be leaving us soon. His  experience, knowledge, and friendship will surely be missed as you can  tell from the speeches here so far today.   Diana and I send our best wishes and appreciation to Johnny and  Dianne. We wish them all the best as they take time to spend with their  children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Together they have  been great examples of the importance of public service. We wish them  the best in whatever adventure they choose to pursue next. God bless  you.   I yield the floor.   