 Madam President, it is an honor to rise and speak in  tribute to my dear friend and trusted colleague, Johnny Isakson of  Georgia.   To follow the junior Senator from the State of Georgia, something  remarkable happened just before this session on the floor of the  Senate. There was a bipartisan lunch in which virtually every currently  serving Senator--nearly 100--gathered, not just because there was tasty  barbecue, but because we were there to thank our friend and colleague  Johnny Isakson for his decade of public service, for his dedication to  this body, and for the ways in which he has been the glue that has  helped hold so many of us together. You just heard it again here on the  floor, his passion and his commitment to working across the aisle.   Johnny Isakson has been an effective, capable, and powerful Senator  because he is never worried about who gets the credit for the work he  does. He has kept his word. He has a great sense of humor. He is easy  to be with. He is persuasive. He is persistent, and he is principled.  [[Page S6806]]    Let me just start by saying to Dianne, to John and Julie and Kevin  and the grandkids: Thank you. Thank you for sharing Johnny with the  State of Georgia and with our Nation for decades.   When I first got elected to the Senate back in 2010--which was a  somewhat unexpected election, I got seated right after a special  election--a respected senior realtor from my hometown, Dick  Christopher, came and told me I should look up a guy named Johnny  Isakson from Georgia. He was someone he knew from the real estate  business. He said: He is a good husband and father, a principled man.  You will enjoy working with him.   I never heard of him, so I looked him up online. If all you had to  judge someone by was their right-left position--he succeeded Newt  Gingrich--he and I, on the surface on a few positions, would have  nothing in common. But as luck or providence would have it, when I got  here, he was the trainer with Barbara Boxer for ethics for the new  Senators. And to his misfortune, he got assigned to be my mentor. I  began what has been an adventure that hasn't yet ended--and I hope  never will--of a friendship and a companionship that has taken us to  some pretty wild places.   Early in 2011, I was made the chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa  and Johnny was the ranking member. I could not have asked for a better  companion or partner. We did dozens of hearings on foreign aid policy,  on security and trade interests, and on the growing role of China in  Africa. But then we also went and visited places--widely--places both  easy and hard. We went to Mali and Congo, to Senegal and Benin, to  South Africa and to Ghana.   Over several trips, we visited AIDS orphanages and hospitals, water  purification plants, and Millennium Challenge Corporation trips. On  these trips, we saw the terrible impact of terrorism and grinding  poverty in countries like Nigeria and Mali, but we enjoyed some pretty  darn good times, too, like seeing the fruits of the best pineapple  plantation I have ever been on and enjoying a beautiful vineyard in  Cape Town, South Africa.   But Johnny didn't just go because it was an assignment. He went  because it was his passion, even his calling. The first trip we took  together was to Benin, a tiny little impoverished country in West  Africa that hadn't had two Senators visit in 50 years. We went because  Kate Puzey, a young woman who was a Peace Corps volunteer from Georgia,  had been murdered. She was tragically and senselessly murdered because  she tried to report child abuse back to the capital.   We had a remarkable and memorable series of meetings there that I  won't go into. I will just say the thing about Johnny is not just that  he persuaded me and others to join him in the quest for justice for  Kate Puzey, but he worked and worked until. Ultimately, the Kate Puzey  Peace Corps Volunteer Protection Act was law in 2011. That was followed  by so many others. Johnny is the consummate legislator. On this one  small subcommittee of one of the many committees of this Senate, he and  many others of us worked and passed the Electrify Africa Act, the  Global Food Security Act, the BUILD Act, the Nick Castle Peace Corps  Reform Act, and, of course, AGOA reauthorization--something we worked  very hard on.   The secret to Johnny's success is he doesn't focus on the two- dimensional ways that you are different. He focuses on what you have in  common. In my home State, we have a county that raises more chickens  than any county in America. The whole State of Georgia raises more  chickens than any other State. So Johnny suggested, and I agreed, that  we would form a Chicken Caucus. You may not know there is a Chicken  Caucus. You may not know about the great ways in which it has made the  world safe and free for America's chickens--a tasty, low-calorie,  incredibly environmentally sustainable and affordable source of protein  for a hungry world. That was brought to you by the National Chicken  Council.   At one point, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee  mockingly called me the ``Senator from Chicken,'' but our work together  on AGOA reauthorization and our travels together resulted in opening  new markets to American exports. On this floor, in this august body,  with all the things we deal with, that might seem like a small  accomplishment, but I will tell you, the chicken farmers of Delaware  and Georgia are grateful.   Each of us comes here to represent our State. In the travels I have  undertaken with Johnny, I saw a remarkable passion and commitment to  his home State, which has made him such a great legislator. There are  so many other things we legislated on, but I know we have literally  half the Senate waiting to speak. Let me move.   The other joy I have had with Johnny, which has been at the other end  of our decade together--he is the chairman and I am the advocacy  chairman of the Ethics Committee. It is a very tough committee. We  handle difficult subjects. Johnny runs it well and will be deeply  missed. We are joined here by many of the staff of the Ethics  Committee, the folks who have seen his common sense, his humor, his  decency, but also his focus on getting to a result. For me, it has been  just another opportunity to see how Johnny Isakson lives his values.   We have joined together almost every Wednesday morning at a  bipartisan prayer breakfast, and Johnny has taught Sunday school for  three decades at Mount Zion United Methodist. Those of us who have  gotten to know the blessing of his humor, decency, and his common sense  and his attitude--everyone who is a friend or future friend knows that  it is rooted in his connection with the Eternal.   Johnny said something important here just a few minutes ago: America,  we have a problem. It is my hope that after today's good, brave,  important speeches, that some of us will step forward and take up the  best way to honor Johnny, which is to model and mimic his style,  listening to each other, respecting each other, committing to practice  a brand of politics that is a little less combative and a little more  focused on results, and finding ways to trust each other and to work  together.   In some ways, Johnny's best work has been his tireless, relentless  work on behalf of our veterans. As I heard said: The best way to honor  our veterans is to be the sort of Americans for whom they fought and  served. This Senate, this body needs to step forward and be worthy of  the service and sacrifice of Johnny Isakson.   Johnny, I can't thank you enough for all the ways you have been an  amazing partner and colleague on issues large and small. Your kindness  and friendship has meant the world to Annie and me. As you and Dianne  go home to enjoy the blessings of family, know that I will always look  forward to another visit to Georgia or Delaware, and I am always up for  another trip to an obscure country that hasn't seen two American  Senators in 50 years.   Thank you for your service, and God bless.   