 Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly oppose H.R. 1. This is  an egregious assault on the fundamental rights and freedoms of  Americans.   H.R. 1, really, is a fight over liberty. This is a fight over the  constitutional duties and roles of the States, one of which being the  role in conducting elections.   Article I, section 4 says clearly, ``The times, places, and manner of  holding elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed  in each State by the legislature thereof.''   Having individual States conduct elections has been vital to  preserving the integrity and security of elections across the country.  But this debate really is about the Democrats' desire to centralize  power here in one place, Washington, D.C.   Instead of actively giving more power to Washington bureaucrats, we  should be divesting power away from the expansive Federal Government,  and reserving that power for the States, because that is the way the  Founding Fathers designed our Republic.   But, sadly, this bill is nothing but a top-down power grab by the  Democrats using the Federal Government to micromanage the electoral  process, impose limits on free speech, and further impose  unconstitutional mandates.   Mr. Chair, this is not the liberty our Founders intended. In fact,  this is a dangerous proposal that centralizes power, enhances Big  Government in Washington, and takes decisionmaking power out of the  hands of the States and the people.   Let's ask ourselves: Is this the proper and constitutional role of  the Federal Government? And the answer to that question is, no. H.R. 1  encroaches on the liberties and powers of the Constitution reserved for  the States and the people, and I oppose this type of power grab. I  think that is what so infuriates so many Americans.   We take an oath here to uphold and defend the Constitution of the  United States. We shouldn't be passing bills like H.R. 1. We should be  passing bills that preserve the liberty and freedom enshrined in the  Constitution.   I encourage all Members to adamantly oppose this legislation, because  if you take your oath seriously--because we aren't voting for a fancy  title of a bill, when you actually read the language of this  legislation, you see that it undermines the Constitution and the rights  of every single American across the country, under the guise of making  elections safer.   