 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to  me.   Many of us have heard from farmers and agricultural suppliers around  the country about their need for labor to ensure their products can be  harvested, processed, and sold. I have heard time and time again from  business owners who prioritize hiring American workers but repeatedly  find themselves without the labor necessary.   This problem is worthy of a broader conversation in Congress,  including how we address the root of the problem and any relation to  the welfare state that we have created here.   My main concerns today, however, go beyond addressing true labor  shortages and, instead, focus on the rewards this legislation provides  to employers who have chosen to use illegal labor and to aliens who  have chosen to work illegally in the United States.   This bill creates a new pathway to legal status for illegal aliens  who have been working in the agricultural industry in the United  States. Any alien who merely applies for legal status under the  program, whether truly eligible, immediately receives work  authorization, protection from removal, and the ability to travel  outside the United States. Those who meet the requirements will be  rewarded with a pathway to lawful, permanent resident status and,  ultimately, citizenship.   Foreign nationals around the world wait years and spend thousands of  dollars to receive those same benefits. This legislation is an  unacceptable slap in the face to all those who follow our immigration  laws.   Worse still, this legislation does little to root out fraud, instead,  blatantly incentivizing it.   The ability to receive work authorization and other benefits upon  application will likely lead many individuals to submit applications  even if they are not eligible, but they will have no fear of doing so  because there are no penalties attached. Aliens can withdraw their  fraudulent application without prejudice to any further application.   This legislation also condones and turns a blind eye to instances of  immigration fraud by waiving inadmissibility for aliens who previously  tried to fraudulently gain legal status or falsely claimed to be U.S.  citizens.   There are several other concerning provisions with this legislation:   It creates a new grant program to assist eligible applicants--illegal  aliens--in applying for this newly created immigration status.   It prohibits use of E-Verify to check a new hire's employment  eligibility until that person is actually hired and requires use of the  program in a way that demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of  the mechanics of the E-Verify system.   It allows aliens to prove work history with only a sworn affidavit  from someone who ostensibly has direct knowledge of their work history.   It fails to impose any real penalty for months and years of illegal  work, and it fails to impose any real penalty on employers who  knowingly violated U.S. law for their own benefit.   At a time when our immigration system is rampant with illegality,  when we have little control over our southern border and there are  crisis levels of individuals trying to illegally immigrate, we should  not be promoting legislation that rewards years of illegal behavior.   Madam Speaker, for these reasons, I oppose this legislation and urge  my colleagues to do the same.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Madam Speaker, in its current form, H.R. 5038 would  subject growers to a new private right of action in Federal court. As a  result, these employers would face countless frivolous lawsuits and  higher costs in the form of damages and other litigation costs.   The bottom line is that many American farmers and other agricultural  employers would be sued right out of business. This provision is one of  the main reasons that, arguably, the biggest agricultural group in the  world, the American Farm Bureau, does not support this bill.   Our motion to recommit would simply strike sections 204(a) and (b) of  the bill. This motion to recommit is supported by the American Farm  Bureau, and I ask all Members to support it as well.   As a technical matter, Madam Speaker, we seek to recommit this bill  to the Judiciary Committee. And that is interesting to me, and I think  it should be of interest to all of us here because, in just a few  hours, that committee is going to meet on a completely bogus Articles  of Impeachment, where we will consider that there.   Over a week ago, every Republican member of the Judiciary Committee  signed a letter to request a minority day hearing.   We are going to have the markup in 2 hours, and we haven't had the  minority hearing yet, with no intention, I guess, of allowing the  minority its rights under the rules.   Specifically, clause(2)(j)(1) of House rule XI states: ``Whenever a  hearing is conducted by a committee on a measure or matter, the  minority members of the committee shall be entitled, upon request to  the chairman by a majority of them before the completion of the  hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with  respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing  thereon.''   And here we sit. We sit, and we are going to be going in, in 2 hours  or so. We are going to have our opening statements, and then we will  proceed to vote on the Articles of Impeachment offered by our friends  on the other side of the aisle.   To what end? It is this obviation of the rule that is consistent with  how we have seen this whole process play out.   We have written the chair of the Rules Committee to remind all chairs  of their obligation to adhere to the rules of the House. Unfortunately,  the hearing is yet to be scheduled.   I would suggest that the Democratic case for impeachment is not  nearly so strong as they would have us believe. Otherwise, they would  be affording us a simple minority hearing day.   When one considers it, and I wish everyone would consider it, we are  being afforded more procedural rights on this bill, which is dead on  arrival in the Senate, than we are in the impeachment proceeding of the  President of the United States. That is simply wrong, Madam Speaker.   One day, I suggest, we will be beyond this mania, this hysteria that  has set in here, and the other shoe will drop. I know that many in this  body do not care for this President, and I understand that. But I think  we all should have respect for this institution, and we should take  care of this institution.   We should respect the due process rights of the minority. That is all  we are asking. We want that minority hearing day.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   