 Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I am glad to be cosponsoring this amendment and partnering  with Representative Danny K. Davis once again to continue this  important work that we did in sending the Sickle Cell Disease and Other  Heritable Blood Disorders Research Surveillance, Prevention, and  Treatment Act of 2018 to the President's desk last December.   In all the hubbub of the election cycle in the fall of 2018, it is  easy to lose sight of some of the accomplishments, but this was a  significant accomplishment of the last Congress.   Mr. Chair, I made a commitment to Mr. Davis at the beginning of the  last Congress that, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Health of the  Energy and Commerce Committee, I would make the passage of his sickle  cell reauthorization bill a priority.   This was important. It had been years since this bill had been  reauthorized. It first passed in 1972. The last reauthorization was  part of a tax bill that was signed into law by George Bush in 2004.   In the fall of 2018, after nearly 20 months of work, the House passed  their product in February of 2017, and the Senate did. It is to be  commended that the other body did act, and Senator Tim Scott of South  Carolina and Senator Corey Booker of New Jersey got a bill through the  Senate and brought it back to the House, where it was passed and then  sent down to the President of the United States for his signature.  President Trump did indeed sign the first stand-alone sickle cell  reauthorization in decades, and this was signed last December.  [[Page H4549]]    Mr. Chair, when we had a hearing on sickle cell in the summer of  2016, one of the witnesses, a witness from the Sickle Cell Disease  Advocates Alliance, came and spoke to our subcommittee and said it had  been decades since the Food and Drug Administration had approved a new  therapy for sickle cell, hydroxyurea, decades ago.   Then in 2017, the Food and Drug Administration approved Endari, which  was the first new therapy in years.   Earlier this year, Dr. Francis Collins went on ``60 Minutes'' and  said that we can now use the word ``cure'' because of a new gene  editing treatment that relieves these patients of their crippling  symptoms and enables them to lead regular lives. This is a spelling  error of two bases, a transcription error of two bases in the part of  the gene that encodes for the hemoglobin molecule. The National  Institutes of Health is now talking about providing a therapy for that,  that, in fact, we can talk about the word ``cure.'' So this amendment  is a downpayment on that cure.   Mr. Chair, I certainly thank Mr. Davis for his years of dedication to  moving these projects forward.   This amendment provides $2 million for the Public Health Approach to  Blood Disorders Program for Sickle Cell Disease and support for the CDC  sickle cell disease surveillance program.   Years and years and years ago, I worked at Parkland Hospital. I took  care of patients with sickle cell, kids that would come to the  emergency room in crisis, a very, very painful condition. We didn't  have much to offer back then: hydration with an IV, Thorazine so that  they wouldn't climb the walls, and morphine to try to help their pain,  but it really wasn't nearly enough.   Every one of those painful crises was accompanied by destruction,  destruction that went on within their bodies because of these sickle  cells that were cramped up inside blood vessels and killed kidney  cells, killed liver cells, killed bone marrow cells. These kids hurt  worse than anything I have ever seen, and now we are talking about  providing them the opportunity to lead a regular life.   This is powerful stuff. That shows what this Congress can do when  they put together their partisan differences.   Mr. Chair, I really do want to thank Mr. Davis of Illinois for his  efforts. I mean, he has pushed this issue by himself for years and  years.    Mr. Chair, I am proud to have been a small part of that when we got  the bill across the floor of the House and into the office of the  President of the United States. I am proud of President Trump for  signing the first stand-alone sickle cell reauthorization in decades.   Now I am proud to stand on the floor with Representative Davis and  see if we can't get just a little additional funding to get this one  pushed a little further down the line because of the unbelievable,  unparalleled good we are going to do with this.   Think of what the cost to this country was for doing nothing for 40  years on this illness. When people say this treatment is going to be  expensive, yes, it will be expensive, but what is the cost of doing  nothing?   Mr. Chair, this is an important amendment. I urge an ``aye'' vote on  Mr. Davis' amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   