 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding  the time.   I rise today in support of the USMCA.   And let's call this what it is: It is a win for America. It is a win  for our farmers. It is a win for our manufacturers. It is a win for our  workers.   For the past 2\1/2\ years, so many people have worked tirelessly to  ensure that this high-standard and modernized trade agreement got  completed.   I would especially thank Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady and  our Ways and Means staff for all the hard work and the commitment and  dedication to getting this done.   Also, to Bob Lighthizer. There is not a more capable trade ambassador  that we have had than Bob Lighthizer. He has been relentless in his  pursuit of getting this done.   Lastly, President Trump, it wouldn't have happened without him and  what he did working with the Canadians and the Mexicans to get this  trade agreement done.   This free and fair trade agreement benefits all of us, all sectors of  our economy. Moreover, it will further support the record-breaking  economic growth that this country has seen. We, arguably, have the best  economy we have had in 40 years, and this will help that.   It is true that this agreement is not perfect. There are a few things  that I would have liked to have seen done differently on sunset  provision and ISDS and rules of origin.   But, at the end of the day, when you look at these 24 chapters and  what it does to market access for agriculture, to digital trade  provisions, USMCA puts America on top, and it shows the world that,  with our two largest trading partners, Mexico and Canada, we can  negotiate an agreement that is solid.   Remember, we represent 4\1/2\ percent of the world's population. We  have to have markets around the world. This agreement sets the standard  for doing that.   In Congress, I am proud to represent the 18th District of Illinois.  It is the eighth largest district in terms of corn and soybean  production. When I think about what this does for market access,  breaking down barriers, this helps our farmers.   In Illinois, ag is the number one industry in our State. I think  about our manufacturers and what this means for jobs and opportunities  for them for products in Canada and Mexico.   The ability to sell our goods, products, and services around the  world is absolutely vital to economic success in Illinois and across  the country. Forty percent of the products we grow, produce, or  manufacture in Illinois go to Canada or Mexico. This helps with that.   In closing, I would just say this is a good agreement. I look forward  to supporting it, and I would ask my colleagues to do the same.   