 Mr. President, Ernest Hemingway said that the world is a  fine place and worth fighting for, and I couldn't agree more. My  colleague from Delaware and I are here on the floor to fight for that  world, to fight for our planet.   If you breathe in a lung full of air right now--and I invite anybody  following this to do so--hold it for a few seconds, and breathe it out,  the air that you will have just taken into your body, into your lungs,  will have had 33 percent more carbon than when I was born. That is a  dramatic transformation of the atmosphere on this planet. It doesn't  matter where you go. You could be doing this exercise here in DC, back  home in Oregon, or in Japan. It is still 33 percent more carbon in a  single lifetime. Because that extra carbon is blanketing our entire  globe, it is having a huge impact--an impact we see in all kinds of  ways.   Back home in Oregon, there has been a huge impact with the forest  fires. We had forest fires this year that started in March. Perhaps you  have seen some pictures of walls of flames and fires in Montana, in  Washington, in Oregon, and in California in the last couple of years-- smoke that has blanketed our cities and our States for weeks on end.   This is not the norm. This is the result of changing climate chaos,  and it is not good.   We see extreme weather across the country. We see more powerful  hurricanes assaulting the Southeast. We see more Lyme disease in the  Northeast and fewer moose because the ticks kill the moose and ticks  carry Lyme disease to humans. We see the slowest planting season in  four decades--too much rain, flooded farms.   As of June 3, the Department of Agriculture told us 40 million acres  of corn that would normally have been planted haven't been planted.   Climate chaos is the greatest threat humans have ever seen on this  planet, and it is happening for one simple reason: We discovered fossil  fuels. We discovered that burning them could create a lot of energy,  and we could transform the globe with that energy, but every single  time you use those carbon sources, you put carbon in the air, and now  we have started to really damage our own planet.   So what is the national response? Well, under President Obama, we had  the Clean Power Plan--the CPP. The CPP laid out a pretty ambitious  vision, an example for the world to follow, but, quite frankly, it  wasn't enough. It doesn't accelerate enough our transition to renewable  energy.   Just think about it this way: We have been gifted with a fabulous  source of fusion energy. We don't have to recreate fusion reactors here  on the planet because we have it safely stowed millions of miles away  in the Sun. That is a fusion reactor. All we have to do is capture the  energy that shines on planet Earth, and we are in pretty good  [[Page S4155]]  shape. That Sun heats up the air and creates wind, and we can capture  that same energy by capturing the wind.   We have geothermal energy, potential wave energy. We have to  transition to these sources and quit burning carbon, and we need an  ambitious plan to do so. We need a turning point.   Future generations will either celebrate the moment when we committed  ourselves to saving our planet or they will ask why we failed, and  right now we are looking at failure. The rate of carbon pollution isn't  going down; it is accelerating upward. We are accelerating into  oblivion.   When I was born, it took about 2 to 3 years to increase a single  point of carbon pollution, parts per million. You can see how this  curve is now accelerating upward. Now we are at about 2.5 points per  year. That is a huge difference.   We are kind of lulled into this false sense of comfort. Well, don't  we have more insulation in our buildings? Aren't we blessed with cars  that get greater mileage? We have appliances that use a little less  energy. Well, yes, those things are true, but they are not enough. Even  with that, the curve is accelerating upward. So we are in trouble, but  we do have some blessings in this battle.   Solar and wind electricity have plunged in cost, and the result is  they are now cheaper than or competitive with fossil fuels. That is  before you take into account the massive subsidies granted by  legislative action to fossil fuels. So they are actually cheaper, and  that is before you take into account the externalities--the damage that  fossil fuels are doing to our planet. So now we can really see that  renewables are a complete win except for the greed manifested through  our political campaigns to keep burning fossil fuels.   It means more dollars in a few corporations' pockets, pockets of a  few really rich people who say that their generational need for  wealth--which they can't take with them to the grave anyway--that  generational need, they are willing to sacrifice our planet for all.   Now, they are not willing to bear the costs. They are not willing to  pay for the damage to all the homes destroyed by those more powerful  hurricanes. They are not willing to pay for all the forests destroyed  by the forest fires in Oregon. They are not willing to pay for the  structures destroyed by those fires. They are not willing to pay the  farmers whose crop is going to produce less because they had to plant  so late. In other words, they want the private profit while planet  Earth and the rest of us bear the consequences of their greed.   So we need a strong plan, and we need it now. We need to have a  clear, robust response to transition to renewable energy quickly. So  let's build on the foundation of the Clean Power Plan. Let's make this  the turning moment in history that future generations can celebrate  because we really do have a very fine planet, and it is worth fighting  for.    Mr. President, each year we have a debate on the  National Defense Authorization Act. In the past, it was a real debate-- a debate for which people brought significant issues to the floor  related to American national security. Their amendments were  considered. We argued pro and con. We took votes. We lobbied our  colleagues within our caucus or across the aisle with the wisdom of our  viewpoint. That is a tradition; that is a practice; that is what this  Chamber is all about--to take on the issues that we face as a Nation,  wrestle with them, explore the pros and cons, find their strengths or  weaknesses, sometimes come to compromises that take several viewpoints,  and merge them together into an even stronger point of view. But I am  deeply disturbed that the U.S. Senate is quickly losing the ability to  consider the issues facing our Nation.   My colleague just spoke about the challenge of climate pollution, and  I appreciate his doing so. But we have had few determined efforts to  address the ideas different Members have for taking on that challenge,  despite its devastation to so many ways and different parts of our  country.   When it comes to the security of our country, no issue is more  important than the question of going to war. Our Founders realized this  is a decision that should never be vested in a single person, not even  the President. They knew that a single individual might find political  cause or corrupt purposes to make the decision to go to combat against  a force and that such a decision should be debated in a Chamber like  this and a Chamber like the House. That is why the Constitution gives  to this body, the legislature of the United States of America, the  power to go to war.   It is a question that came up early in our history. There was a  challenge that we had off the Barbary Coast with corsairs, who are  often referred to as pirates, taking charge of American brigs and  holding them hostage.   Jefferson embraced the idea of going to war. He became President in  1801. Alexander Hamilton wanted to remind him what the Constitution  said. As he said, ``It belongs to Congress only to go to war.'' Any one  of us should be able to pull out our pocket Constitutions, read article  I, section 8--that deliberate delegation to this Chamber and the House  to make that decision.   Well, right now we are in the drumbeat of war with Iran. There has  been a lot of animosity between our two countries for a long period of  time. The United States mounted a campaign through the Central  Intelligence Agency to take out the directly elected leadership of Iran  in 1953--a CIA-staged coup--and to install a leader, the Shah of Iran,  who operated with great, shall I say, violence against the people. He  had a secret police that was as feared as any in the world.   There were other points of animosity when the people of Iran rose up  against that Shah and took hostage Americans. They kept them hostage  for a great length of time during the Carter administration. They did  not release them until President Reagan came into office.   Then there was the Iraq-Iran war, a war in which hundreds of  thousands of people in Iran died, and the United States assisted the  Iraqis in that war against Iran. Well, we have had often no love lost  between our two nations over this period of time.   I mention these few points of history to say that each side nurtures  its grievances against the other, but something remarkable happened  under the last administration. They worked to coordinate pressure from  the entire world to strike a deal with Iran, to end their nuclear  program, end the risk of Iran becoming a nuclear power. This agreement  was something bought into by Russia and China, the European powers, and  the United States. They did many concrete things, things that their  rightwing did not like: dismantling their plutonium reactor, shipping  enriched uranium out of their country, shutting down their centrifuges,  allowing a massive amount of inspectors into their country to watch  everything that they were doing.   In return, the deal was we would help them economically find a better  standard of living. This is a moment of potential turning point in the  relationship--this long animosity between the two countries-- potentially a win-win, but then comes in a new administration, the  Trump administration, and they don't like this possibility, this deal.  The President says it is the worst deal ever struck. We, the United  States, pulled out of the deal on May 8, 2018--just over a year ago.  Since then, we have heard the drumbeats of war echoing on Capitol Hill.   The administration designated the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps  as a terrorist organization and then proceeded to tighten the economic  sanctions in order to pressure the economy of Iran.   So we had the end of the Uighurs, who are partners of ours, to be  able to buy Iranian oil, greatly starving the economy of that nation.  Then we deployed, in recent weeks, the Abraham Lincoln carrier strike  force to the Gulf. Then we deployed a B-52 squadron to the Gulf. Then  we heard the advocates in the administration saying: If anything  happens with a connection with Iran, we will show them the ferocity of  our forces. We will respond and show them not to mess with the United  States of America.   Different officials cited different examples, but one was: If an  Iranian militia in Iraq should happen to harm an American, that could  be a trigger or if Iran were to disrupt the movement of oil from the  Gulf, that could be a trigger.   When you deploy forces and then start looking for triggers, you can  find one for war, if you want, but I stand here today to quote the  Constitution of the United States of America, and that Constitution  says the power of war  [[Page S4158]]  rests with this body--not the Oval Office.   As we have pressured Iran, we have had incidents occur that have been  highlighted in recent days. Some mines were put on the side of a couple  ships--blew a hole through the side, didn't sink the ships. The  administration is pretty sure, they say, that Iran did this. Well, I  always exercise some caution. We all remember the Iraq war. We remember  that the administration then--the Bush administration--built what they  said was a powerful case of weapons of mass destruction being  cultivated by Saddam Hussein and the Iraq Government. We went to war on  that evidence, and we were wrong.   Here we are at this moment and an administration that has predeployed  forces, is squeezing the Iranian people as powerfully as possible. What  happens in this situation? What is the goal? Some in the administration  say the goal is negotiations. Now, let me get this straight. The United  States broke the deal, strengthening the far right in Iran which said  don't trust the Americans. We strengthened the Revolutionary Guard  because the Revolutionary Guard did not like the deal to begin with.  Then we economically squeezed the people of Iran, creating great  hardship throughout the land--meaning we have moved the entire  population in the direction of supporting the far right in that  country.   Now, take these two things. We have strengthened not the moderates  who want to see the nation on a different course but the far right.  Then we have alienated much of the country and increased their support  for the far right, and we have shown that when we sign a deal, we don't  stand behind the deal because this administration broke the deal. How  is that a foundation for negotiation? We are saying to Iran: We  negotiated. You agreed, but we are breaking the deal, and now we want  to negotiate again.   People don't tend to want to negotiate with folks who have broken the  previous deal. So we here see that we have a challenge in which we  stand on the precipice of potential war.   My colleague from New Mexico has an amendment that restates the  fundamentals of our Constitution, and he has teamed up with my  colleague from Virginia who is here on the floor as well, and I am  certainly completely supportive of their effort. They are saying that  while we are on this bill, on security, on Defense authorization, this  is a moment we should be debating whether the President has the  authority to go to war, and their amendment says: No, he does not. He  must follow the Constitution, and he must come to this body for  authorization. That is an important message for us to send. We must not  leave the debate on Defense authorization without debating the Udall- King amendment.   My colleagues are here to speak to it in greater detail. I so much  appreciate their work. This is a moment that this Chamber must rise to  the challenge of being a force that can wrestle with great issues  before us, and there is no more important security issue at this moment  than debating whether the President has the power to go to war. I stand  with the Constitution. I hope my colleagues will all stand with the  Constitution in this Chamber. Thank you.   