 Madam President, tomorrow I will join some of my  colleagues from the Senate Judiciary Committee, as well as the Vice  President, for a trip to McAllen, TX. It is a beautiful city, nestled  in the heart of the Rio Grande Valley.   This region is home to a lot of history, a vibrant culture, and  people whose generosity has made national headlines over the last  period of time as they have worked to manage the humanitarian crisis  that has ended up on their doorstep.   For each of the past 4 months, more than 100,000 migrants have  crossed our southern border and presented themselves to the Border  Patrol. This has placed an unbelievable strain on Federal, State, and  local law enforcement, as well as the cities, the counties, and  nongovernmental organizations that have tried to step in to help.   After 10 weeks from the point when it was requested by the President,  Congress finally passed a bipartisan bill to provide funding for the  Federal departments and agencies working to manage this crisis and make  $30 million available as reimbursement to local governments for paying  bills that legitimately and fairly should be those of the Federal  Government. This is an important step to help manage this humanitarian  crisis, but it is far from a permanent solution. You can say we are  really dealing with the effects and not the causes. The truth is, we  need to pass legislation in Congress that makes lasting changes to our  immigration system, particularly our system whereby people apply for  and receive asylum, so we can prevent this humanitarian crisis from  becoming the norm.   We can run, but we cannot hide from the fact that only Congress can  solve this problem. To that end, I have introduced bipartisan  legislation called the HUMANE Act, with my friend and colleague in the  House, Henry Cuellar, that would make significant progress in doing  exactly that. This is the only bipartisan, bicameral bill that I  believe would help staunch the flow of humanity across the border and  deal with the underlying causes. Our bill would close a major loophole  that is being exploited by the human smugglers that serves as a pull  factor for those who want to come to the United States illegally. It  would also ensure that migrants in our custody receive the proper care  and streamline the processing of those who cross our border. It is an  important step to address this crisis at its source as well as to  provide relief for folks along the entire U.S.-Mexico border who have  been impacted. We need to pass this bill and pass it quickly and get it  to the President's desk for his signature.   While the compassionate response of our local communities has become  national news in recent months, Texans  [[Page S4788]]  have long known they have been the ones left alone to step up to assist  migrants who arrived in poor health, many times with nothing but the  clothing on their back. They provide warm meals, a safe place to sleep,  and some of the basic necessities of life before these individuals head  off to communities across the United States where they await their  court dates with immigration judges.    Sadly, those of us who live in border States have also seen the toll  this treacherous journey takes on migrants, and we have had to face the  dark reality that many don't survive the journey from Central America  across Mexico into the United States. Migrants travel with human  smugglers known as ``coyotes,'' who are all too willing to leave their  customers for dead if they become sick or injured. I have seen photos  and, of course, heard heartbreaking stories from the Border Patrol, as  well as local officials and ranchers, about finding the remains on  ranches or open terrain along the border of those who died in the  desert trying to make their way to the United States.   I have been to Sacred Heart Cemetery in Brooks County, TX, near the  Falfurrias checkpoint, where I saw graves of these unknown who are  labeled with terms like ``skull case,'' ``bones,'' and ``unknown  female.''   Here is a chart of a photograph depicting one of those graves. As you  can see, it is marked ``unknown male.'' Literally, the remains are  identified not by the name but, in this case, by the sex, obviously  listing the fact that they are unknown.   This is not a rare occurrence. While exact figures are hard to find,  there is no question that thousands of migrants have died while  attempting to enter the United States illegally. It is one of the  toughest parts of the job for Border Patrol, and it takes a toll on  communities as well that are obligated to do what is right to ensure  the dignity of the deceased.   The process of identifying these remains is expensive, and it also  often falls on local taxpayers, like the taxpayers of Brooks County,  TX. Frankly, they don't have the tax base and can't afford to deal with  this without our help. We know they have limited staff and budgets, and  it puts serious strain on local resources. It is an issue I have worked  on for a number of years.   I will soon be reintroducing a bill I authored last year to provide  some relief. It is called the Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains  Act. It will provide local jurisdictions with the resources they need  to identify the remains of those who died along the border and solve  missing persons cases. This bill will expand the eligibility for  jurisdictions to receive grants through Jennifer's Law and make  desperately needed funds available. With this expansion, State and  local governments, forensic labs, medical examiners, nonprofits, and  others will be eligible to receive funding to support their work. They  will be able to use these grant funds to support transportation,  processing, identification, and reporting.   These funds can also be used to hire additional analysts,  technicians, and examiners to support identification as well as  purchase the necessary state-of-the-art equipment.   This legislation would take steps to improve the recording and  reporting of missing persons and unidentified remains, which is a major  challenge, particularly when it comes to notifying family members.   I have the great honor of representing more than 28 million Texans. I  know that in order to do my job--as all of us attempt to do--we need to  listen to our constituents and act on suggestions they make to us. The  Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act is a prime example of  that. Border communities have borne the brunt of the humanitarian and  security crisis at the border, and they are often forced to do the job  of the Federal Government without any help from the Federal Government.   This bill would go a long way helping to defray some of those costs.  It would provide additional resources to local communities working to  identify those who have gone missing as well as process unidentified  remains and invest in the forensic equipment needed to provide closure  to families in the United States and abroad.   I appreciate the feedback of the folks who live and work in our  border communities, and I look forward to heading to the Rio Grande  Valley tomorrow with the Vice President and a number of my colleagues  on the Judiciary Committee to hear more about the challenges they are  facing.   I yield the floor.   