 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be dispensed with.    Yes, that is my understanding. My amendment should not  be construed to affect in any way any existing authorities governing  the use of military force. It only clarifies that the McConnell  amendment is not an authorization for the use of military force or a  declaration of war.    Mr. President, the Senate just invoked cloture on the  majority leader's amendment, and I now rise to urge support for my  second-degree amendment, the one where the colloquy included in the  Record between the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and  me leads to the conclusion of his support. I believe the amendment will  also have the support of the majority leader and the rest of the body.  The inclusion of my amendment will be essential for my vote in support  in terms of moving forward.   As I have stated over the past month, I continue to be seriously  concerned that precipitously withdrawing U.S. troops from Syria and  Afghanistan will deeply harm American interests and security. With that  in mind, I am generally supportive of Senator McConnell's amendment to  S. 1, which echoes what I have been saying for much of the past 2  years, calling on the administration to develop a real strategy for  securing our interests in the Middle East, including combating  terrorist groups and effectively confronting Iranian and Russian  aggression, and calling on the administration to more effectively  engage with the legislative branch.   I share in the belief that the way in which the President announced  his Syria withdrawal--with no plan, without consultation with Congress  or our allies or consideration of the implication for our partners--is  not in our interest. American troops on the ground are on the  frontline, fighting for our interests and also providing leverage to  achieve diplomatic success.   At the same time, it is imperative that this body, which has the  responsibility to authorize the use of military force, emphasize that  such force alone will not protect our interests; that military force  alone cannot defeat ISIS, al-Qaida, or other nonstate actors; and that  military force alone will not provide enduring, sustainable peace and  security against our adversaries.   More importantly, when we do send our sons and daughters into combat,  we should do so only after careful consideration and consultation and  with clear objectives and strategy--a strategy that requires  investments into diplomatic efforts in coordination with our allies and  partners.   I want to make it crystal clear that the McConnell amendment  cautioning against a precipitous withdrawal of U.S. troops in no way  constitutes Senate support for their permanent presence for an  undefined mission. As a legal matter, my amendment makes clear one  critical point: Nothing in the McConnell amendment can be construed as  an authorization for the use of military force. Authorizing military  force is simply not part of the debate on either the McConnell  amendment or S. 1.   At the end of the day, I would like to see all of our troops back  home and off the battlefield. I believe we must continue to have  comprehensive strategies to achieve that outcome.   So, in conclusion, I believe the majority leader's amendment sends an  important message to the President--that while he is the Commander in  Chief, the legislative branch will continue to exercise the due  diligence and oversight of his actions regarding our security and  interests abroad. It also sends a message that the United States will  not abandon our allies and our partners.   I particularly worry about the Kurds in this regard, who have been  some of the most significant fighters on the ground in Syria and who  are also in pursuit of our interests there. We cannot send a global  message that once we have finished using you for our purposes, we will  leave you to die on the battlefield. That sends a message across the  globe: Don't fight, and don't join the United States because when it  finishes with you, it will leave you to die on the battlefield.   I want to make it clear to the American people, however, that we are  not in the business of authorizing open-ended conflicts or of keeping  our troops on the battlefield forever. Our safety  [[Page S790]]  and security depend on holistic, comprehensive strategies, and I look  forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  ensure that we are effectively using our powers to make sure the  President is effectively using his.   I yield the floor.   