 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this opportunity. Obviously, I  would like to share my appreciation of Chairman Engel for everything  that he has done as a leader of all of his constituents in his district  and, more importantly, all of our fellow countrymen and -women here in  the United States of America; as well as Ranking Member McCaul; and the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hurd), my good friend.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 676, the NATO Support  Act. This is a bipartisan bill that allows Congress to assert our  Nation's support for NATO; to answer anybody who questions the purpose  of this alliance; and to reaffirm the NATO pledge, that an armed attack  on one of us is an attack on all of us.    The mutual defense pledge is why NATO has been the most successful  military alliance in human history. It is an interdependency that has  stood as a sturdy, strong, and sound anchor for peace that has  prevented new world wars, fostered Western prosperity, and advanced  democratic governance.   It has been the will of our Nation, the United States of America, to  lead and to finance the defense of other nations, which has allowed  them to develop and prosper economically, and to expand and evolve  democratically.   Yet, at the same time, Moscow never went to war with a NATO partner.  We got bases and a guarantee that we would not have to fight alone.  Europe became our largest trading and investment partner and our chief  diplomatic and military companion. And everybody on the European  Continent got stability and peace to strengthen their democracies.   Now, all of us agree that we can continue to put pressure on our NATO  partners to pay their self-stated goal of 2 percent of their GDP to  this alliance. But that doesn't mean that we want to get out of NATO.  In fact, doing such would be a historic mistake.   NATO is not--is not--a transactional relationship. Our sole focus  can't be just on who pays and who gets what. Being a part of NATO is  not like being a part of a country club. Instead, we value our NATO  partners, and more importantly, we realize that the power of the NATO  partnership is absolutely--absolutely--invaluable. The tangible results  prove it, not just what we have seen in the past, but what we are  seeing now.   In our enduring fight against terrorism, our NATO partners' will to  join that effort was demonstrated just hours after the attack on 9/11,  as partner nations volunteered to invoke Article 5.   Now, I served alongside many troops from many NATO countries during  my service in Afghanistan from 2007 to 2008. I left that country in  2008, but I can tell you, after 17 years of war, NATO troops are still  there, serving alongside our sons and daughters who are serving in  uniform.   When it comes to Russia, our NATO partners will continue to play an  important role as a deterrent for their aggression, and they will  continue to coordinate and collaborate with us as we not only ready for  a conventional war but also push back against Russia's use of hybrid  warfare.   NATO is instrumental in setting us apart from Russia. Why? We have  allies that will stand by us; Russia does not. That is the foundation  for our NATO partnership, and that is the foundation for the NATO  Support Act, an act that rejects efforts to withdraw from NATO and  prohibits any funds to be used as such.   It supports increased defense spending by NATO partners, as well as  the funding of the European Deterrence Initiative to deter against  Russian aggression. It reaffirms our unwavering support of NATO, not  only as a defense pledge, not only as a partnership, but as a proven  core for an international order that favors democracy and peace.   Once again, Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel. I also thank Daniel  Silverberg from Majority Leader Hoyer's staff, Jacqueline Ramos from  the Foreign Affairs Committee, and Matt Manning and Jay Hernandez from  my office.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully thank and ask all of my colleagues,  Republican and Democrat, for their support on H.R. 676, the bipartisan  NATO Support Act.   