 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Banks for yielding, for  the Special Order here this evening, for his leadership in crafting  this very important budget, and for this discussion we are having on it  tonight.   Madam Speaker, obviously, we have been waiting on a budget to vote on  in the United States Congress and have yet to see a budget. Then I  think we learned that there may not be a budget in the United States  Congress this year.   That is very hard to understand because we are spending $4 trillion  to $4.2 trillion. Two-thirds of that $4.2 trillion is mandatory  spending, which is basically on automatic pilot, and it is  skyrocketing. The biggest increases in our deficit are created by this  mandatory spending.   On the discretionary side, it is about a third of what we spend  totally. As far as discretionary spending goes, we have had some modest  increases.   For the first part of the time that I was in Congress, we basically  had budget caps, and, actually, discretionary spending was held to the  same level the entire time.   I think it is sad that we are financing our standard of living in my  generation on the backs of my children and their children and their  children and their children.   So what do we do about it?   I am very proud to talk about what   Jim Banks and his leadership and  what the Republican Study Committee have done in presenting here this  evening. This budget exemplifies fiscal sanity and preserves American  freedom.   As most of you know, I spent my career in the running of small  businesses, starting out in the construction industry, then  participating in the banking industry and electronic medical records  and real estate development. I did this in conjunction with my wife,  Robin, as my partner.   Many times, we would sit down at the kitchen table, just like every  other American family, and we would map out a budget. I knew that  spending more than my means was simply out of the question.   Well, folks, why can't we do that here in Washington? We need more  fiscal common sense here in Washington, and the RSC fiscal year 2020  budget does just that.   Picture this: $12.6 trillion in total deficit reduction over 10  years, balancing the budget in just 6 years by 2025. On that fact  alone, I would hope that every Member of this body would offer their  support.   This budget also fosters a rewarding environment for economic growth  and job creation.   We have heard it over and over again from those who deal in  investments and deal with the economy and the growth of the economy  that the biggest wind at our face is this budget deficit. It is a  headwind. It is going to be a headwind against the growth of this  economy if we don't get serious about a budget.    This budget will give us that opportunity for economic growth and job  creation.   Right now, we have the best economy in the world: 263,000 jobs were  created last month, and over 7 million jobs are available throughout  this Nation, far exceeding the number of jobseekers.   I was so glad to work with my colleagues here in Congress the last 2  years and with the President in making this happen. But the American  people made it happen. All we did was provide an opportunity. We  reformed regulations and we passed a tax reform bill that gave the  economy a boost.   Frankly, in dealing with the budget deficit and going forward, our  only hope in this is to grow our economy. We must have GDP growth.   In a telephone townhall with constituents from Georgia's 12th  District last night, 73 percent of participants reported that our  economy is headed in the right direction. When I ran for Congress in  2014, 70 percent of the people in my district said that the economy was  going in the wrong direction, and we have flipped it.   However, a soaring economy also creates challenges. As we face  increasing workforce needs, this budget prioritizes moving Americans  off the sidelines and back into the workforce, rewarding work and  promoting innovation.  [[Page H3834]]    Madam Speaker, I am the grandfather of 13 beautiful grandchildren,  and the last thing I want to do is leave an insurmountable debt behind  for our future generations. I strongly encourage all of my colleagues  to get onboard with the RSC budget to restore a sense of fiscal  responsibility to Washington. Our future depends on it.   