 Madam Speaker, I rise today as a grandchild of legal  immigrants to this country.   We are debating whether or not to grant the greatest gift our Nation  has to offer, permanent residency and citizenship. We must get our  priorities straight.   While we are here in the middle of a humanitarian crisis on the  southern border, Democratic leadership is choosing to bring amnesty for  millions of illegal immigrants to a vote.   By choosing to ignore our current immigration laws, Democrats are  effectively inviting the mass migration of illegal immigrants across  our border States, including Arizona. If enacted, this would be the  largest amnesty in U.S. history. It would do nothing to enforce our  laws but, instead, reward lawbreakers.   This legislation grants smugglers and gang members with green cards  and a path to citizenship. It will simply serve to incentivize more  migrants to come to the United States illegally.   Congress should work with the administration in stopping the surge of  illegal immigration, not incentivizing more caravans.   My constituents have recently and repeatedly made it clear that  Arizona's Fourth Congressional District does not support amnesty.   This bill does not promise the American Dream but, rather, the  perpetration of a crisis. This crisis is doing real harm to Arizona and  all of America.   I encourage my colleagues not to vote for H.R. 6, which would only  serve to enable the humanitarian crisis on our southern border and does  nothing to close loopholes or even enforce existing law.   I find this legislation to be a disgrace. The American people deserve  better. It is time this Congress started putting American citizens  first.   It came as a closed rule. That shows you that it is bad process and  bad policy.   As former Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis is quoted: ``In a  government of laws, existence of the government will be imperiled if it  fails to observe the law scrupulously. . . . If the government becomes  a lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it invites every man to  become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy.''   Do I need to say anything else?   I ask my colleagues to reject this legislation and vote ``no.''   