 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to rise in support of H.R. 2486, the  Fostering Undergraduate Talent by Unlocking Resources for Education  Act, also known as the FUTURE Act.   First, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms.  [[Page H7736]]  Adams), my colleague, and Senators Tim Scott and Doug Jones for working  with me on this critical piece of legislation.   The FUTURE Act supports STEM programs for Historically Black Colleges  and Universities and other minority-serving institutions, ensuring the  students in our communities receive the best science, tech,  engineering, and math education in the country by providing and  extending these grants.   Representing the largest HBCU in the country, North Carolina A&T  State University, I have seen firsthand the significant impact these  STEM grants have on our HBCU students. On a personal note, as  Representative Adams knows, and I have mentioned before, my wife is a  family nurse practitioner at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center and a  two-time graduate from an HBCU.   Thanks to the FUTURE Act, 300,000 students across more than 100 HBCUs  will have the opportunities that come with a STEM education. From the  engineers that will build our roads and bridges, to the mathematicians  who will solve complex questions of physics, to the computer scientists  coding for smart electric grids, our future lies in the hands of STEM  graduates.   In the rapidly changing environment of higher education, our schools  and students--especially those at minority-serving institutions--need  the stability and assuredness that comes with knowing that they have  our full support. The House needs to pass the FUTURE Act for HBCUs and  the students they serve.   Again, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Adams), my  colleague, and Senators Doug Jones and Tim Scott for working together  to get this important piece of legislation across the finish line.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan,  bicameral bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), former chair and ranking member, and a lady  who has given her life to the education arena.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Budd), a champion for HBCU causes since arriving in  Congress 2\1/2\ years ago.    Mr. Speaker, I know Congresswoman Adams is yielding back  only because I am the Member who represents North Carolina A&T at this  point.   Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and with great big Aggie pride,  I yield back the balance of my time as well.   