 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over in the House this week, Democrats  are taking up the latest installment in their campaign to have the  government take over Americans' healthcare: the Pelosi prescription  drug bill.   There is no question that high prescription drug costs are a problem.  One in four seniors reports difficulty affording medications, and there  are too many stories of patients being forced to ration pills or to  abandon their prescription at the pharmacy counter. But the Pelosi drug  bill is the wrong prescription for the problem of high drug prices.  Why? Because it would reduce Americans' access to lifesaving treatments  and discourage investment in prescription drug research.   Between 2011 and 2018, more than 250 new medications were introduced  worldwide. American patients have access to nearly all of them, but  that is not the situation for patients in a lot of other countries. The  chamber of commerce reports that patients in France have access to just  50 percent of those new drugs. French patients, in other words, are  missing out on fully half of the new drugs that have been introduced in  the past 8 years.   Why do Americans have such tremendous access to new drugs while other  countries trail behind? Because the U.S. Government doesn't dictate  drug prices or drug coverage. As statistic after statistic  demonstrates, when governments start imposing price controls, patients'  access to new drugs and treatments diminishes.   Government price controls also discourage the medical research and  innovation that produce the prescription drug breakthroughs of the  future. The United States leads the world in prescription drug  innovation, and a big reason for that is because the U.S. Government  doesn't dictate drug prices.   It wasn't always this way. European investment in drug research used  to exceed U.S. investment, but that changed when European governments  stepped in and started imposing price controls. Today, European  investment in drug research and development is almost 40 percent lower  than U.S. investment, in large part because of European governments'  price controls.   No other country comes close to achieving the number of prescription  drug breakthroughs that companies in the United States achieve. That  situation, however, is not going to last if the Democratic Party has  its way.   The Pelosi drug bill would impose a system of government price  controls on up to 250 medications, and reduced access to drugs and  fewer medical breakthroughs would soon follow.   The California Life Sciences Association released a statement noting  that the Pelosi drug bill could result in ``an 88-percent reduction in  the number of drugs that are brought to market by small/emerging  companies in California.'' It goes on to say that ``such a dramatic  decline would be felt most in the higher risk/smaller population  therapeutic areas of R&D, including new drugs for endocrine, metabolic,  genetic and rare diseases, and pediatric cancers.'' Again, that is from  the California Life Sciences Association. In other words, there would  be fewer medical breakthroughs for those who need them the most.   As I said earlier, the high cost of some prescription drugs can be a  real problem for many families, but the answer--the answer--is not to  introduce a government-run pricing system that would mean that  important prescription drugs would not be there when you or your child  needs them.   There are a lot of things we can do to lower the cost of prescription  drugs  [[Page S6959]]  without resorting to government price controls. Multiple Senate  committees have been actively engaged on this topic. There are options  for how to improve transparency in a complicated and often opaque drug- pricing process. There are ideas to examine competition and  consolidation in the pharmaceutical supply chain; to ensure that  generic companies can access the samples they need to develop a new  generic or biosimilar; to prevent companies from engaging in patent  thicketing to block competition; to promote real-time benefit tools to  help inform consumers of cheaper drug options; to advance value-based  insurance design to support coverage of high-value items and services,  like medicines, that people with chronic conditions need to manage  their health; and to modernize the Medicare Part D plan design and cap  seniors' out-of-pocket costs.   Republicans in the House recently introduced legislation on  prescription drug costs that both promotes innovation and contains  bipartisan ideas for reform, including increased transparency in drug  pricing and provisions to prevent drug companies from gaming the  system. This bill provides several ideas passed by the Senate Finance  Committee, while focusing on policies that can be passed through both  Chambers of Congress. Importantly, it eliminates those policies that  have divided us.   There are bipartisan solutions on the table. It is unfortunate that  House Democrats have abandoned bipartisan efforts on drug pricing and  have decided to pursue their government-run alternative.   It boils down, really, simply to this: Government price controls mean  access to fewer drugs, and access to fewer drugs means that when you or  your child or your mom or your dad needs a lifesaving medication, that  drug may be out there, but it may not be out there for you, and that is  not acceptable.   The Pelosi drug bill is a bad prescription for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr.  Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).   