 Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I know people are waiting to see what  might happen around here. We will have before us a continuing  resolution to fully fund the Federal Government through December 20. I  wish this was not necessary, and that we would have just passed all of  our appropriations bills. But while I wish the step was not necessary,  I would urge all Members to vote aye.   I wish we were further along in our work, but it is not for lack of  trying. It is no secret what is holding up negotiations--the  President's demand for $8.6 billion more for his vanity wall along the  southern border. This is a wall the President gave his word to the  American people that Mexico would pay for it, and now he is telling the  American people: No, I want the American taxpayers to pay for it.   I should point out that he already has $10 billion on hand. He could  not possibly build that much of his wall, anyway, over the next fiscal  year with the eminent domain that would have to be done in Texas and  elsewhere. And, of course, the wall they have built, at a cost of  millions of taxpayer dollars a mile, can be defeated by a $100 saw at  the local hardware store. The President was talking about how they will  make it so high that it will be hard to get over it, but you can just  kneel down and cut a hole to go through it. But he has $10 billion on  hand for his wall. It could not be spent in the next year no matter how  much the government is overcharged for the wall.   He stole $6.3 billion of that from our troops and their families, and  despite the fact that the vast majority of that money has yet to be  spent, he wants more.   If we hadn't had this issue, we would have had our work done by now.  To quote one of the most famous baseball players, ``It's deja vu all  over again.'' The President is once again putting his own personal  interests ahead of the interests of our country.   I would like to remind the Chamber what is at stake in the annual  appropriations bills. These are the things that are being held up  because the President wants us to forget his promise that Mexico would  pay for this wall.   What is being held up? Well, education for our children. Cutting-edge  medical research. Anybody who has a family member with cancer or  diabetes or any other disease wants their tax dollars being spent on  medical research. Support for our Nation's farmers, medical care for  our veterans, addressing the opioid crisis, environmental programs to  keep our air safe to breathe and our water safe to drink--all of these  things are being held up, all are being put on autopilot because the  President cares about his wall--his symbolic wall--far more than he  does about medical research or medical care for our veterans.   So we find ourselves at a critical juncture. We could pass another  continuing resolution to allow us to continue to negotiate in good  faith, which I am committed to do, or shut down the government. Well,  that is really not a choice.   The continuing resolution before us is a good bill that will allow us  to continue our bipartisan, bicameral negotiating on the fiscal year  2020 appropriations process. I hope all Senators will support it.  [[Page S6704]]    I would note for Senators how the Republican chairman of the  Appropriations Committee, Senator Shelby, and I, as vice chairman, have  kept the process in a bipartisan fashion. Almost all of our  appropriations bills have come out of committee unanimously or  virtually unanimously. They have come to the floor, and then they have  gotten an overwhelming vote. Let's rely on those Senators in both  parties who are willing to set aside political posturing and who are  willing to set aside symbolism and instead have substance.   In addition to continuing to fund our government for 4 more weeks,  our bill tackles some issues that have to be addressed right away. It  provides the Commerce Department with the necessary funds to carry out  the decennial census, which is required by our Constitution. It  provides funds for mobile centers to ensure that the census reaches  those in the hardest to reach areas. It fulfills our constitutional  obligation to make sure every American is counted.   The bill includes a provision that would block a looming $7.6 billion  rescission of highway funding set to hit the States July 1--the States  of virtually everybody in this Chamber, Republican and Democratic  alike. Without this provision, each of our States would see significant  cuts to its highway funding. That is the last thing we need given the  dire state of infrastructure in America today.   The bill includes a pay raise for the military, which is set to go  into effect in January. It also includes legislation to ensure that  victims of state-sponsored terrorism get the compensation they are  entitled to. More importantly, it ensures that the government remains  funded and open while we continue to work on full-year appropriations  bills.   Now, even if we passed this bill today or tomorrow, we have only 4  short weeks to complete our work. It can be done. I am committed to  staying here, as we have in the past. We all worked nights, weekends,  and I must say the tremendous Appropriations Committee staff worked  even more hours.   But it cannot be a one-sided negotiation. And we cannot be expected  to divert billions more in taxpayer dollars to fulfill President  Trump's cynical campaign promise as part of the final deal. It does not  have the support in this Chamber or among the American people to carry  the day.   If we had an up-or-down vote in this body--will you take this money  away from housing for our troops, for medical research, and all these  other things, to pay for an ineffective wall so the President will not  be embarrassed by not keeping his word that Mexico was going to pay for  it? Of course, that would fail. Of course, that would fail. Nobody  wants to go back home and say they did that.   We have billions of dollars in here to keep our borders secure. We  want to keep our borders secure. Everybody wants to, Republican and  Democrats alike, but let's not waste the money on symbolism, especially  if it means we do not do our medical research or take care of housing  for our troops among all the other things I have listed. Do not do a  bill with the hopes of, someday, Mexico will pay us back, just because  the President promised they would. We all know they are not going to.   So, with that being said, we have made some progress. I do not go and  call press conferences like some of my colleague do each moment along  the way, but I have been working closely with a bipartisan group. We  all look forward to continue to work with Chairman Shelby and  Chairwoman Lowey and with Ranking Member Granger to get these bills  across the finish line.   We owe it to the American people, and we have demonstrated--I think  Senator Shelby as chair, myself as vice chair, we have demonstrated  that we can get the bills through with an overwhelming bipartisan vote.  Just let us do it. Let's go forward and pass them. Let's do substance  over symbolism.   With that, Mr. President, I see my distinguished colleague on the  floor, so I will yield the floor.    Mr. President, since the onset of the Trump Presidency,  the White House has issued a steady stream of executive orders to  reverse the policy of engagement with Cuba begun by President Obama.  Those decisions have largely curtailed travel by law-abiding Americans  to Cuba who seek to participate in people-to-people exchanges,  patronize Cuban private businesses, and otherwise experience Cuban  culture.   Cuba is the only country in the world to which Americans cannot  travel freely, other than North Korea, because President Trump  apparently believes it is his sole prerogative to tell Americans where  they can travel and spend their own money.   I have spoken about the need for engagement with Cuba many times. It  is in our national interest because our past policy of unilateral  sanctions and isolation--enforced for more than half a century--failed  to achieve any of its objectives and because engagement with the people  of other countries is the way we promote our values and protect our  interests.   This is especially true when the foreign government is one with which  we have profound disagreements, like Russia, China, Egypt, Turkey; it  is a long list. But no one is proposing that we prevent Americans from  traveling to those countries, and if they did, it would be strongly  opposed by Republicans and Democrats alike.   Today, our Embassy in Havana is operating on a shoestring. Whereas  there used to be more than 50 direct hire staff, today there are fewer  than 18. The Cuban Embassy in Washington has also been reduced to a  shell of what it used to be. As a result, the ability of both  governments to process visas and conduct diplomacy is at a virtual  standstill.   Cubans who seek visas to travel to the U.S. today to participate in  educational programs, cultural, entrepreneurial, or scientific  exchanges have to travel to Trinidad, Mexico, or some other country to  apply at our embassies there. The cost to do so far exceeds what the  vast majority of Cubans can afford, so travel by Cubans to the U.S. has  been reduced to a trickle compared to what it was before.   The White House has curtailed most air and sea travel to Cuba, so  travel by Americans has also plummeted. This has wreaked havoc on  fledgling Cuban private businesses, which depend on American customers.  The administration seems utterly unconcerned, focused instead on  punishing the Cuban Government for its support of Nicolas Maduro in  Venezuela. This is nothing new to the Cuban authorities, and it  empowers hardliners in the Cuban Government who opposed engagement with  the United States in the first place and who are more comfortable  building alliances with counterparts in Russia, China, and North Korea  with whom they share a common ideology and disdain for the United  States.   I recognize that the Trump administration has no reluctance to hold  Cuba to a standard that it does not hold for other authoritarian  regimes. In fact, if President Trump were consistent he would be  praising his Cuban counterpart as a friend or great leader, the way he  praises Kim Jung Un, Xi Jinping, Abdel Fattah al Sisi, Rodrigo Duterte,  Vladimir Putin, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and other autocrats.   But despite this hypocrisy, why don't we at least increase the number  of consular officers at our embassies so Americans and Cubans can visit  each other's countries? I understand that we have yet to determine the  cause of illnesses suffered by U.S. Embassy personnel in Cuba, for  which there is no evidence implicating the Cuban Government, despite  kneejerk claims by some to the contrary. But the last such incident was  more than a year ago, and there are certainly U.S. Foreign Service  Officers who would welcome the opportunity to serve in Havana. Both  governments should be working to create favorable conditions for  restaffing each other's consular services so they can better serve the  people of our two countries.   (At the request of Mr. Schumer, the following statement was ordered  to be printed in the Record.)  