 Madam Speaker, I rise today to join my  colleagues to underscore the need for Congress to support continued  funding for Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and  Minority Serving Institutions (MSIs). I was honored to support the  Fostering Undergraduate Talent by Unlocking Resources for Education  (FUTURE) Act when the House passed this legislation unanimously in  September of this year. The FUTURE Act would provide $255 million for  Minority-Serving Institutions, including Historically Black Colleges  and Universities (HBCUs), Tribal Colleges and Universities (TCU),  Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs), Asian American and Native  American Pacific Islander-Serving Institutions (AANAPISIs), and  Predominantly Black Institutions (PBIs). Unfortunately, despite the  unanimous bipartisan support for this bill here in the House, my  colleagues in the Senate have blocked this legislation from  consideration. This is unacceptable. HBCUs, and all MSIs, deserve our  continued support and should not be treated as a political football.   Since 1837, HBCUs have trained generations of African American  students and scholars. The economic benefits of HBCUs extend beyond the  students they educate. They're equally important to the local and  regional economies served by these institutions. Today, there are  nearly 300,000 future scientists, teachers, entrepreneurs and  researchers preparing for their professional endeavors at more than 100  HBCUs throughout the country. HBCUs account for 17 percent of all  bachelor's degrees earned by African Americans and 24 percent of the  degrees earned by African Americans in the STEM fields. HBCUs have an  inspiring past and a dynamic present in their unique role of raising up  new academic leaders against the legacy of Jim Crow and decades of  persistent and systemic racism. Annually, HBCUs support 134,000 jobs  and provide $14.8 billion in economic output.   The amazing work done at these schools has also been supported by  investments through the Department of Defense, which has helped HBCUs  contribute some of the most cutting-edge defense and national security  research in the country. To advance these efforts, I introduced an  appropriations amendment in the House that would increase the funding  level to HBCUs by $4 million above current levels. My amendment, which  passed the House on June 19, 2019, the 154th anniversary of Juneteenth,  will increase the Department of Defense's investments in the physical  sciences, mathematics and engineering programs at HBCUs and the  national security benefits they provide.   As my House colleagues and I continue to urge the Senate to pass the  FUTURE Act and my amendment to increase HBCU funding, I will continue  to champion our nation's investments in HBCUs as a critical part of  enriching our culture and economy. When HBCUs succeed, America  succeeds.   