 Madam Speaker, I come before you as the  chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges,  Energy, and Credit.   Madam Speaker, I rise at this moment to speak out against the United  States Department of Agriculture's food and nutrition service proposed  rule to change the eligibility requirements for SNAP; and let me tell  you why, Madam Speaker.   It is because this proposed rule, number one, it would eliminate  broad-based categorical eligibility for SNAP, and effectively end all  SNAP benefits for more than 3 million seniors, veterans, working  families with children, and individuals with disabilities.   Current eligibility simply allows low-income families and children to  receive SNAP benefits if they have already qualified for other anti- poverty programs. That's it.   But, Madam Speaker, in fiscal year 2016 alone, over 10,000 Georgia  households were helped to meet their basic needs as a direct result of  current eligibility.   This proposed change is founded upon an unfortunately common, but  incorrect assumption of ``bad actors'' wasting government funds.  Nothing could be further from the truth. It is not about that.   In reality, these programs have proven to both encourage work and  increase savings in order to transition out of the program.  [[Page H7893]]    Madam Speaker, millions of Americans are just one lost job, just one  health crisis, or another emergency, maybe the bread winner passed on.  These things happen unexpectedly and any other emergency issues that  may arise, it keeps them from becoming food insecure.   Madam Speaker, there are a lot of things that we can do without, but  food we cannot ever do without. So it is up to us Members of Congress  to look out for the most vulnerable among us.   If implemented, this rule would not only remove food from the tables  of Americans, but also reduce their potential for economic success and  financial security.   Ultimately, eliminating the ability of States to use categorical  eligibility would mean jeopardizing the very futures of many  hardworking Americans. So I urge my colleagues to join us within the  Black Caucus--it is about all of us--and speak out against this  proposed change in order to protect the health and well-being of all of  our American people.     Madam Speaker, that is correct. And that  is why we are here tonight, with great compassion, with great fairness,  asking our Members of Congress, on a unanimous basis, to join in this  fight.   It is not just our fight. This is a fight that appeals to the basic  nature and purpose of the American people. That is us. And I appreciate  the gentlewoman inviting me to share in making this appeal.    Madam Speaker, the gentlewoman is right.  And I leave you with the words, the eloquent words, of Thomas Jefferson  when he gave us the meaning of our great Nation: ``Life, liberty, and  the pursuit of happiness.''   One thing is for certain, we can't be happy without food because we  can't live without food. There is no greater meaning for the  implementation of Thomas Jefferson's words: ``Life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness.'' That means food.   