 Mr. President, I hope we will vote later on today to  advance the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act. Members who  have been around here a long time realize what a bipartisan tradition  this has been for the Senate. Those listening to us should appreciate  that and I think take note of basically a half-a-century tradition of  passing this national defense bill on a bipartisan--overwhelmingly  bipartisan--basis each year. We don't let a year pass. We have been  able to successfully do that for approximately half a century. We will  see later on today whether that tradition will continue, and I believe  it will.   I think we will be able to work something out with the House of  Representatives. There are some differences that have emerged over  there that we did not have in the Armed Services Committee when we  reported overwhelmingly just a few weeks ago.   I am very hopeful that we will continue this tradition. I hope we  will do so particularly this year to build on the great progress we  have made the last couple of years. I think we should admit on both  sides of the aisle that we had perhaps let our national security slip a  little in terms of a priority over the last several years. We rectified  that a couple of years ago. What we have done not only at the  authorization level but also at the appropriations level is send a  strong signal to our allies around the world that we are back to  emphasizing strength and back to emphasizing protection of Americans  and American interests but also a signal to those who would wish us  ill.   We know how dangerous the world is now. I think if any of the 100 of  us or those within the sound of my voice were asked the question ``Is  the world safer today than it was 2 years ago when we started on this  quest to rebuild our defense?'' I think the answer would be no. The  world still needs the strength of the United States of America to keep  those trade lines open and to maintain the peace to which we have  become so accustomed.   We will pass this bill, and then we will have the task--and I want  everybody to understand this--we will have the task of getting the  bills done to actually pay for what we authorize. That is where, quite  frankly, I am worried--with some of the talk I hear around town about  perhaps negotiations going on between Democrats and Republicans over  here, between House and Senate Members, and even in the executive  branch--about just not quite getting to a comprehensive appropriations  bill this year.   Perhaps some people say that we can save a little money on the margin  simply by having what we call a continuing resolution--what they call,  at the Pentagon, a CR--to just fund the  [[Page S4534]]  government without directives in the appropriations bill for another  year at the same level that we have, both domestically and militarily.  We know that of that discretionary budget, 50 percent is national  security. Everything else in the Federal Government is called domestic  spending, and that is another 50 percent, approximately.   I am here to tell you that if you ask the experts who are charged  with defending this great United States of America, they will tell you  that a continuing resolution is not only a mistake for the United  States of America, it is a disaster for national defense. We need to  raise this issue and to point out what the people are saying that we  rely on.   The Pentagon has made progress the last couple of years. We have  committed to a 355-ship Navy. We are rebuilding the Army, Navy, Air  Force, Marines, and the Coast Guard. I can tell you that a continuing  resolution, according to the experts--the uniformed people we put in  office to make us safe--would reverse this progress. It would stop new  programs, it would curtail production ramp-ups, and it would inhibit  the flexibility necessary to make good resource allocations.   A weeklong CR would be a mistake. A yearlong CR would be a  catastrophe for the defense of the United States of America.    With regard to the Navy and Marine Corps, it would delay heavy  maintenance for the Harry S. Truman aircraft carrier. It would prevent  the new guided missile frigate program from even starting. We have  authorized this. We have already spent money getting ready for it. It  would prevent the new guided missile program from beginning. It would  cut the planned operations and maintenance budget by nearly $6 billion.  It would cut O&M funds that are critical for readiness. It would  prevent 18 critical research and development efforts from starting,  including large, unmanned surface vessel maritime drones and artificial  intelligence development. This would be part of the result of a 1-year  continuing resolution. It would prohibit funding for 33 critical  military construction projects. A 1-year CR or even a shorter CR would  prevent, during its existence, procurement of one Virginia class  submarine, one fleet ocean tug, and two landing craft utility vessels  to support our marines during this time when the world is more  dangerous than it has been in quite a while.   With regard to the Air Force, a 1-year CR would constrain Air Force  spending at fiscal year 2019 levels, decreasing buying power by $11.8  billion. It would halt 88 new investment programs. It would delay  awarding 40 MILCON projects across 18 States and limit the planned  4,400 total force end-strength growth. These are things we already  voted for, but a 1-year CR would stop them. You can't do the extra  4,400 end-strength personnel we need.   With regard to the Army, it would negatively impact recent readiness  gains and hamper modernization.   But don't take my word for it. Every chance I have gotten at  committee level, we have asked the people in charge how a CR would  affect our ability to defend the United States of America.   Here is what Gen. Joe Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff, said earlier this year. And he wasn't on some soapbox; he was  just answering questions from a Member of the U.S. Senate. He said:  ``[Past CRs have] delayed new starts and it's been incredibly  inefficient in how we prioritize and allocate resources.''   Former Secretary of Defense Pat Shanahan said: ``A Continuing  Resolution would hamstring the Department . . . we cannot start new  initiatives . . . our funding would be in the wrong accounts . . . and  we would lose buying power.''   Is that what we want, rather than do our jobs, rather than do hard  negotiations between Democrats and Republicans and the administration  and agree on a figure for domestic and national security that we don't  love but that gets us where we need to be in terms of defending the  country?   Gen. David Goldfein, the top Air Force four star in the land, said:  ``[A] CR would have a significantly negative impact.'' Is that what we  want to have for the Air Force, a significantly negative impact? He  said: ``[I]t would put our end strength growth at risk because we would  not be able to bring on the additional Airmen we need.''   GEN James McConville, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, said: ``A  continuing resolution would be devastating to the United States Army.''   This is not a politician; this is somebody who has given his career-- given his professional adult life to being an officer in the U.S. Army.  He said that a continuing resolution ``would be devastating to the  United States Army.''   Surely the elected representatives in the House and Senate can heed  the words of these patriots and come to an agreement.   According to Lt. Gen. David Berger, Deputy Commandant of the Marine  Corps for Combat Development, ``Procurements are going to be delayed.  New starts you cannot do.'' These are new starts that we voted for and  are expecting that the Department wants to do. If we pass a CR, they  will not be able to do a new start.   The worst part about it for us is the unpredictability.   Jim Geurts, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, said:  ``Budget uncertainty associated with the continuing resolution adds  instability, inefficiency, delays contracting, and delays fielding of  critical capabilities.''   We need to stifle any talk either in this building or the Pentagon or  down the street at the other end of Pennsylvania about a 1-year  continuing resolution as being beneficial to the United States of  America. It would have an impact on every single State that does  military manufacturing.   Those are just a few of the answers that have been given to us by the  professionals we put in charge. Let's give our team what they need.  Let's pass this bill this week, send it to the House, negotiate the  differences that we have at the NDAA level, and patriotically do what  we have done now for 58 straight years, but then, when we get back from  this Independence Day break with our patriotic citizens and our  families, let's get serious about arriving at a compromise number that  gets us where we need to be in terms of continuing to make sure we have  the resources to protect the United States of America.    I yield the floor.   