 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Cardin, Senator  Murkowski, Senator Collins, and all of my colleagues here.   This is a good step. We are all here for the first time after 30  days. But guess what. You have been back home talking to the people who  are hurting. They have no idea why we are doing what we are doing,  allowing them to be harmed the way they are.   I voted for both proposals today. I will vote for whatever it takes  to get us back in the room to make something happen--to open up the  government.   I understand that the CR works this way. If we have a CR, then,  proportionately, there is going to be 3 weeks of money still being used  for DHS and for border security. I understand that is how it works. It  is based on $1.3 billion of last year's approps. A CR continues the  spending from last year. So there will be money there to continue on in  good faith.   I don't think any of us would want to come back 3 weeks from now and  say: It is your fault for shutting it down.   No, it is the President's fault.   No, it is our fault.   No one wants to go through that. I don't know why the 3 weeks is  unreasonable for anybody if it is presented properly to the President  that you are going to have continuation of money, proportionately, for  the 3 weeks that we are going to be in that CR.   The thing that I can't understand is that I am hearing that the  President wants $5.7 billion. Senator Portman just told us where that  came from--from the people who are experts and should know, the Customs  and Border Patrol people. I am understanding also--and I heard this  morning--that some of the leadership from the Democrats on the House  side are saying that they would consider $5.7 billion for anything but  a wall. That means they know we need border security, but they have a  different idea of how to secure the border.   Well, guess what. If you want to spend $5.7 billion for border  security and the President wants to spend $5.7 billion for border  security, then, surely, we can sit down in that 3-week period and,  talking to the professionals, figure out what needs to be done and  where our greatest risks are. How do we stop the opioids and all of the  drugs that are coming in? It has ravaged my State. It is horrible what  my State is going through.   On top of that, I have about 12,000 people who are working for the  Federal Government. I have never seen more people impacted. All they  are saying is this: You people really don't care because none of you  are hurting. You talk a good game. You throw a lot of words back and  forth, but no one is hurting. We are the ones who are hurting.   Then, I have essentials working in prisons. Basically, most of our  prisons are in very rural areas. The average drive time to our prison  is 1 hour. The prison I am talking about is Hazelton. It is a 1-hour  drive time. People are making decisions. They are not not going to work  because they are upset and mad. They know their responsibility, but  here is the other responsibility: They have to make a decision because  they have no cash. They say: Of what little bit of money I have in  resources, do I put gas in the tank or do I put food on the table for  the kids? It is one of the two because we don't know how long this is  going to take. Now we are trying to decide whether we are basically  going to carpool or take what public transportation we can get.    Guess what. Public transportation is starting to shut down too. The  buses are starting to shut down. It is the way they can get to work in  masses.   Colleagues, let me tell you that I have been in public service, like  all of you, and I think we are all in it for the right reason. We  wanted to truly serve the public, but we are not serving the public. We  are all guilty, every one of us. I don't care how you vote on bills. I  don't care what we talk about. We are all getting painted with the same  brush right now. No one is going to escape this. It is absolutely  horrific what is being done.   I have always said this: Government should be your partner and your  ally, not your adversary. Right now, the government is the enemy of the  people who basically are providing the services that people depend on  and who are protecting us. This is why this has to stop.   I am saying to the President: Mr. President, please, give us the 3  weeks.  [[Page S565]]  We understand we need border security.   Basically, our colleagues on the other side understand there should  be compassion. When you have a child who was brought here at 2 days  old, 2 weeks old, or 2 months and now is an adult and has no idea how  they got here but they would like to enjoy the fruits and be able to  give something back to this country, there ought to be a pathway  forward. These are the things that we all seem to agree on at certain  times.   Along with many of the Senators who were here in 2013, I voted for  one of the biggest packages we have ever had--$44 billion in security;  basically, border security--and not one person could get a pathway to  citizenship or become a citizen of this great country if they were not  here for the right reason. They might have gotten here the wrong way,  but they came for the right reason. Should they not have an  opportunity? They could not become a citizen after 10 or 13 years until  we secured the border. That is what this was all about.   Now we are fighting over whatever. I don't know. I can't even explain  it when I go back home. So I tell them: Listen, I am for border  security. I will vote for border security. I will vote compassionately  to try to help people to find a pathway to be an American citizen also,  especially children.   The other thing is that I think we can find a pathway forward if the  President will give us the 3 weeks. I guarantee you that I don't think  any of us will vote for another shutdown or let this happen.   We can't let this go another day longer. We cannot leave here until  we fix this. The people back home say: I will tell you the only way you  are going to fix it is when you are hurting as bad as I am hurting. Why  don't you all stop your pay? Why are you still getting a paycheck? Oh,  yes, you fixed that because that is a constitutional amendment. You are  taken care of, and it is out of your hands. You can't deny your pay. It  is going to come.   They say: I will tell you that this will never happen again if,  basically, the day that the shutdown begins, for every Congressperson-- every Senator and every Representative, all 535--and the President and  everybody who works in that White House over there who is making  policy--the pay stops. I guarantee you one thing: You will work around  the clock. You will work around the clock to prevent another shutdown.   I cannot disagree with them. So I am saying: I am all in. I am all  in. I will do whatever it takes. I will stay here 24/7. I will do  whatever it takes to bring people back together, but, most importantly,  to get people back to work. We can do that and still have border  security and have some compassion for the people who are hurting the  most.   Thank you.   