 Mr. President, I also rise today with my colleagues to  talk about the rumors of war we have been hearing in this body and in  the news. I want to advocate for a very simple amendment whose timing  is, I think, propitious as we discuss the National Defense  Authorization Act. Why wouldn't we discuss what we are hearing from the  White House and others? Why wouldn't we discuss the events that are  happening on the ground in the Strait of Hormuz in the Middle East?   The amendment Senator Udall has prepared that is a bipartisan  amendment that is before the body--and we hope for a vote early next  week--is a straightforward one. No funds would be used to prosecute a  war against Iran unless this Congress has a vote to authorize it, to  authorize such a war. As my colleague from Oregon mentioned, that is  what the Constitution suggests, and that is the debate we should be  having.   Part of the reason I feel so strongly about this is because I am a  Virginian. We are the most connected State to the military mission of  the United States. All States are connected and all States are  Patriotic, but if you just add up the kind of per capita in Virginia-- our Active Duty, our Guard, our Reserve, our DOD civilians, like the  nurses who work at the Fort Belvoir Hospital, the DOD contractors like  the shipbuilders in Newport News, our military families--we are the  most connected to the Nation's military mission. I am personally  connected to this with a son in the U.S. Marines. So as a Virginian I  feel very strongly about this, and I also feel strongly about it  because we are proud of the Virginians, Madison, Jefferson, and others,  who are among the Founders who crafted the Constitution. They tried to  do some things that were pretty revolutionary then, and they are still  revolutionary. Some of our Constitution was a great borrowing  exercise--taking wonderful ideas from other constitutions and laws and  assembling them together in a wonderful document they put together in  1787, but there were a couple of ideas in the Constitution of 1787 that  were not chosen from elsewhere, that were really unique to our country  and are still unique. One of the unique ideas is this: War is not a  matter for the Executive, the King, the Emperor, the Monarch, the  Sultan, the Pope. No, war is a matter that needs to be declared by the  people's elected legislative body.   That was revolutionary in 1787, and it is revolutionary today. The  balance of power that was struck was that Congress would declare war,  and then once declared, there would only be one Commander in Chief--535  Commanders in Chief would be a disaster. The decision to initiate war  would be for Congress, and then the President, working in tandem with  military leadership, would be the Commander in Chief to prosecute a war  if declared, but there should be no shortcut and no substitute for the  debate in this body before the initiation of war.   The amendment that will be on the table--and then hopefully we will  receive a vote on--that is bipartisan in nature would prevent funding  for a war against Iran unless there is a vote of Congress to authorize  such a war.   The amendment does make clear that no previous congressional act--for  example, the 2001 authorization--can be tortured and twisted and  stretched and bootstrapped into a declaration of war against Iran. The  administration has sort of been trying to lay that as a predicate,  suggesting that an authorization that passed in 2001 that did not  mention Iran would authorize war against Iran, when not a single person  who voted for it in 2001 ever thought it was to be used in  justification for war against Iran. The administration would like to  try to use that as a justification, they have said, in testimony here  on the Hill.   Think about this: If they are so afraid to come to Congress and ask  for an authorization that they want to try to use something from 18  years ago, what does it tell us about their confidence that they have a  good justification that we need to be in a war?   The amendment we have does not prevent the United States from  defending itself from attack against Iran. The President has the power  as Commander in Chief under Article II, and the War Powers Resolution  specifies that power and doesn't codify it. It doesn't need to be  codified, but it makes clear that power is always inherent in the  Office of the President.   Our amendment doesn't suggest that Iran's behavior is acceptable or  consistent with international norms. I have been part of many efforts  over the course of my time in the Senate to impose sanctions on Iran if  they violated, for example, ballistic missile protocols, U.N.  sanctions, or rules, and if they engaged in human rights abuses. The  purpose here is not to stand up and defend Iranian behavior, but it is  to stand for the proposition that we shouldn't be committed to a war  without a vote of Congress.   I will say that this administration's actions and rhetoric have been  unnecessarily provocative. It was the United States that pulled out of  a diplomatic deal that was working, not Iran. When President Trump  pulled out of the diplomatic deal at the time he did, his then- Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson; his then-Secretary of Defense, James  Mattis; his then-National Security Advisor, General McMaster; his then  and current Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  [[Page S4159]]  Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford--all said that the Iran deal was working,  that Iran was complying with it, and that the United States should stay  in it. The President pulled out of the diplomatic deal nevertheless and  in the year since has reimposed sanctions and taken a number of steps  that are provocative toward Iran--diplomatic provocation, rhetorical  provocation, economic provocation, and military provocation.   We have been having a set of briefings--some classified--from the  administration on this. I am not going to get into classified material,  but one thing I will acknowledge--and I am impressed by this--is the  administration's intel experts, when they brief us on the situation-- even yesterday--they will state that Iran's activities are--and this is  pretty much a direct quote--in response to the ``U.S. Maximum  Pressure'' campaign.   The ``U.S. Maximum Pressure'' campaign that started with the United  States backing out of the diplomatic deal is leading to Iran taking  other actions that we don't like, but they are not taking those actions  unprovoked. Their actions need to be understood as a response to the  ``U.S. Maximum Pressure'' campaign.   Senator Merkley talked about it. We pulled out of the deal. We  reimposed sanctions. We designated part of the Iranian Government as a  foreign terrorist organization. We misrepresented routine military  operations in the region. We moved more troops and Patriot missiles and  aircraft carriers and other military material into Iran's region. This  is not their moving material into our region; it is our moving material  into their neighborhood.   Just this week, the administration announced the deployment of an  additional 1,000 troops to the Middle East to counter Iran, and that is  what this administration is doing--a ``U.S. Maximum Pressure'' campaign  that tears up diplomacy and thus raises the risk of unnecessary war.   I will also point out that it is not just U.S. activity that is  provoking Iran. When the United States allows Saudi Arabia to get  missiles they shouldn't have and when the United States observes the  Saudis building a missile program--by public reports, possibly with the  support of China--that is viewed as very dangerous by Iran. When the  United States transfers nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia--not even  briefing Congress about it--and the Saudis say they would try to build  up a nuclear arsenal to counter Iran, it is a provocation. So the  maximum pressure by the United States and nations like Saudi Arabia are  leading to an unnecessary escalation of tension in the region.   I want to conclude because my colleague from New Mexico, who is the  author of this, also wants to speak about why we need to take it up,  but let me just say this. I am going to state my position for the  record.   I think another war in the Middle East now would be a disaster. I  think it would be catastrophic for the United States to tear up a  diplomatic deal and then look our troops in the face and say ``Because  we tore up a diplomatic deal, you have to now go fight another war''  when we have been in the Middle East for 18 years. I think it would  represent just about as catastrophic a failure of American foreign  policy as you could imagine.   I think it would also have the disadvantage of taking our eye off the  ball. I have always been taught to keep the main thing the main thing.  I think the main thing right now in national security for the United  States is to keep our eye on our principal competitor, which is China.  When we take our eye off our principal competitor and we engage in wars  we needn't be in, China will be the victor in that. That is a very  dangerous thing for us.   So I think it would be catastrophic for the United States to be  engaged in another war in the Middle East, particularly a war against  Iran right now. But if the President feels differently about that; if  some of his advisers think we ought to be about regime change in Iran,  as they have said; if some of them think it would be easy to beat Iran  in a war, as they have said; if some colleagues here on the floor think  we should be in a war with Iran, as some have publicly urged, let them  come to the floor of the Senate, in full view of the American people,  and make that argument.   Let's have that argument right here in the greatest deliberative body  in the world with the American public watching, and I will make my  argument about why a new war in the Middle East would be catastrophic  and see who wants to stand up and make the argument that a new war in  the Middle East is something this great Nation should do. And if we  then have that argument and cast a vote and I lose, I am going to be  disappointed, but we will have done what the Constitution suggests that  we must do.   Our failure to have that debate is so unfair to our troops. It is  unfair to our troops to put them in harm's way with Congress hiding  under their desk, not being willing to state yea or nay on whether we  should be engaged in hostilities.   Let's honor the troops and the sacrifice we would ask them to make,  follow the Constitution, and have this debate before the American  public. That is what the amendment would essentially guarantee that  this body would do, and that is why I so strongly support it.   I yield the floor.   