 I thank Martin for the opportunity to make some remarks on  a topic that is incredibly important and near and dear to my heart: our  Nation's woeful attitude toward civic education.   In 10 States in the U.S., there is no requirement to take a civic  education class in high school--none. Only nine States require a full  year of civic education, while 31 States require only one semester.   It is no surprise that, in 2017, it was found that 35 percent of  millennials stated that they were losing faith in American democracy.  Just let that sink in for a moment. Over one-third of America's next  generation states that they are losing faith in our Nation's  representative democracy.   How can they support and appreciate it if they don't understand the  background and importance of our system? Civic learning can be the best  vehicle to have young people be active citizens in adulthood.   FMC's well-established civic programs, like Congress to Campus and  Congress to Community, continue to grow to be a part of the civic  learning solution. Thanks to the great work of Sharon White and Haley  LaTourette of the FMC staff, we are doing even more.   In the 2018-2019 academic school year, FMC's Congress to Campus  program has visited 25 schools, garnering the participation of 36  former Members, six of whom participated in two or more visits and five  of whom are newly retired, together reaching thousands of students.   This academic year, we visited 11 new schools, most of which have  heard about the program's success from other schools. The word is  clearly spreading.   The hosting administrators have been stretching former Member  engagement beyond the typical political studies departments to include  classes in business ethics, international relations, media and writing,  feminism, public policy, and many other more diverse curricula. Many  Congress to Campus visits include interviews with students and local  media, as well as open public forums to reach the broader community.   By analyzing surveys that the participating students take before and  after their school's Congress to Campus visit, we have learned that not  only have 82 percent of the students' attitudes toward Congress  improved--maybe that is not too hard--because of our Congress to Campus  program, but the program has left 75 percent of students feeling more  positive about Democrats' and Republicans' ability to work civilly and  productively together.   Almost every school administrator expresses interest in hosting  another Congress to Campus program after they have experienced one  themselves.   We continue to extend former Members' experience and wisdom to high  school and middle school students, particularly in the summer with the  Envision program. This June and July, we have 12 programs scheduled.   Though these speaking engagements are early in the morning, we hope  and deeply appreciate if each former Member here in the D.C. area will  consider donating a couple of hours of their valuable time to speak  with these students at this very spot on the House floor.   We have been engaged in this program for 3 years, and each year, the  students report that the highlight of the week-long experience in D.C.  is hearing from the former Members about their experiences in Congress.   Former Members are having a huge impact and are making a positive  difference, and I guarantee that they will find their meetings with  these students to be the highlight of their week. Sharon and Haley will  reach out to former Members to see if we can sign you up for a visit  with these middle school kids here in the House Chamber.   In addition to these solidly established in-person programs, Congress  to Campus is also expanding virtually. This year, we have had three  different bipartisan pairs of former Members speak to students as close  as Boston and as far away as Germany via Skype and Zoom.   We are striving to expand our internet reach to encompass more  students of all locations and backgrounds by virtually connecting them  with former Members to answer their questions and concerns about  Congress, public service, running for office, and much more.   This year's FMC's newly formed Congressional Study Group on American  Democracy and Civics ran two effective study tours, one to each of the  co-chairs' districts.   The first trip was to Representative Rodney Davis' district in  southern Illinois with Representative   Jimmy Panetta from California.  During the 48-  [[Page H3737]]  hour trip, the Members spoke to hundreds of high school students,  community college students, and civics teachers within the region about  the importance of building bipartisan relationships and reaching across  the aisle. They were able to express to these audiences that having  productive and respectful relationships that cross the political aisle  is the only way to accomplish their important work in Congress.   The second trip expanded in size to include four Members of Congress.  Representative  Joe Kennedy hosted Representative Davis, Representative  Markwayne Mullin, and Representative Lisa Blunt Rochester in his Boston  district. The delegation spoke to hundreds of high school students and  had a public discussion at the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the  Study of the U.S. Senate.   The overarching theme that emerged was that good laws come out of  understanding that each Member represents a different group of people,  and the reasons why certain issues are important to that group may  differ immensely from another district's issues.   The presenting Members could not have come from more diverse  districts, from a liberal urban setting in New England to a  conservative rural district in Oklahoma, from a red, blue, and purple  State to a wheat-belt State that has both Republican and Democrat  constituents.   The delegation demonstrated what we all know to be true of Congress:  Members can be respectful, civil, and pragmatic while still advocating  for their districts, constituents, and beliefs.    The group reflected on what seems lost in today's society, that  listening and understanding a colleague's position helps everyone find  common ground.   The students responded positively, treating the delegation like rock  stars, with raucous applause and waiting after the presentation to ask  more questions or just grab a selfie.   The next study tour is planned for early September to Representative  Markwayne Mullin's district in Oklahoma.   Our former Members are also helping to strengthen civic education at  the State level. FMC has been working with the CivXNow Coalition to  connect former Members of Congress with civic learning communities and  individual States to improve and strengthen State-level policies and  practices in civic education.   We began with Pennsylvania. Former Member Jim Gerlach leads a  bipartisan group of eight Pennsylvania former Members who are working  with the State Department of Education and local civic education  organizations to update their civic curricula and requirements.   We are now forming groups for former Members to work together on  promoting and improving civic education in the great States of Texas  and California. FMC hopes to add more States this coming year. We hope  everyone will consider helping.   This is our eighth year of continuing a strong partnership with the  National Archives. Just before last November's midterm elections, we  hosted a panel discussion on ``Voter Discontent During Wave Elections''  with a bipartisan panel of former Members who either rode in or were  swept out with a wave during one of their elections. The discussion  examined the impact of previous elections and Presidential elections on  the competitiveness of a congressional seat.   Mark your calendars for Thursday, June 13, at 7 p.m., when we will  hold our next panel discussion to examine the unique challenges that  women face when running for office.   This past year, we have continued our outreach beyond the beltway to  the congressional family through engaging dozens of district directors.  Last summer, FMC connected with the district directors that came to  D.C. for their fly-in retreat with a reception hosted by one of our  Diplomatic Advisory Council members. Over 100 Republican district  directors learned more about FMC at a reception at the home of the  Embassy of Germany's DCM, and several dozen Democratic district  directors were hosted by the Ambassador of Finland.   We continue to see the great value of working with district  directors. FMC has also brought dozens of district directors on study  tours, both domestically and internationally. Under multiple of FMC's  international Congressional Study Groups, delegations of district  directors visited Germany, Japan, and Korea. Through a grant from the  Democracy Fund, we were able to bring delegations of district directors  to Ireland to examine the challenges and impact that Brexit may have  and what lessons Brexit may hold regarding NAFTA, as well as to Puerto  Rico to examine the devastation that Hurricanes Maria and Irma have  caused the island.   Next week, we will bring a bipartisan delegation of district  directors from all over the country to Nashville to better understand  America's current state of healthcare, with a particular focus on the  opioid crisis.   Later this summer, we will bring another delegation of district  directors to Canada to take a closer look at our relationship with our  northern neighbor, concentrating on new trade deals and border issues.   In the fall, we are bringing together all the district directors we  have met for a 2-day symposium to examine more constituent issues and  encourage solutions that help their districts regardless of parties.   None of this important work would be possible without the support of  outstanding partners. We would like to thank the Hewlett Foundation,  the Democracy Fund, the Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership,  the VF Foundation, and the National Archives for trusting in our work  and empowering us to truly make an impact across the country. I thank  you all.   Martin has asked me to yield some time at this point to Phil Gingrey  from Georgia to share with the membership an update on our  international work. I therefore thank Members for their attention and  now yield the floor to Mr. Gingrey.   