 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to mark a monumental  occasion for this body and offer an amendment to H.R. 9, the Climate  Action Now Act.   After years of denial, outright lies, and inaction on the climate  crisis under Republican leadership in the House, we are finally taking  meaningful steps to protect our planet for future generations.   While the President denies climate change exists, promotes fake  scientists who believe pollution is good, and pulls us backward, we are  embracing the scientific consensus that climate change is real; it is  driven by human action; and it is already having a detrimental impact  on our health and our planet.   There are a lot of myths about climate change that we must dispel.  One of the biggest myths I hear is that we cannot combat climate  change, invest in clean energy, and grow our economy at the same time.  We know that isn't true.   In California, we have seen strong GDP and per capita income growth  while also leading the country in the fight to combat the climate  crisis.   We also know that renewable energy options are often more affordable  for consumers than traditional fossil fuels. That is why my amendment  to the Climate Action Now Act adds three key facts about our ability to  reduce greenhouse gas emissions and maintain affordable energy options  at the same time.   First, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions spurred by the Paris  Agreement have driven innovation for reliable and affordable forms of  energy, which demonstrates that emissions reductions and affordable  energy are not mutually exclusive.   Second, the United States' long-term greenhouse gas emissions  reduction strategy under the Paris Agreement touted energy efficiency  improvements in buildings, appliances, and vehicles as a way to cost- effectively reduce emissions and lower energy bills.   Third, this strategy has had the support of both industry and  consumers.   This amendment is very simple. It should not be controversial.  Members of both parties should be able to agree that we can reduce  greenhouse gas emissions, invest in clean energy alternatives, and  maintain affordable energy options at the same time.   Mr. Chair, I strongly urge my colleagues to recognize this simple  fact and support my amendment to H.R. 9.   Ultimately, this is about the planet we leave behind for our children  and our grandchildren. With a 5- and 6-year-old at home, I am proud to  cosponsor the Climate Action Now Act and support bold and commonsense  solutions to the climate crisis.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel), the distinguished chair of the  Foreign Affairs Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Minnesota (Mr. Phillips).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.  [[Page H3418]]        