 Mr. President, Leader McConnell may, in fact, be proud  that he has turned the Senate floor into a legislative graveyard, but  that doesn't mean we Senators have abandoned our effort to make this  body work for the American people.   Today the special committee on the climate crisis held its very first  hearing, where we heard from five mayors from cities across the United  States.  [[Page S4900]]  They told our committee that the average temperature in Atlanta has  already increased 2 degrees since 1980; that 3 of St. Paul's 10 biggest  floods ever recorded have happened in the last 10 years. So it is clear  to them that climate change is not something that will happen  eventually, in 5 or 10 or 20 years. It is happening now. It is  happening in realtime.   That is why these mayors are not waiting for Leader McConnell, or for  the Trump administration, or anyone else to start doing something about  it. Honolulu, St. Paul, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Portland and cities and  towns across the Nation are working to transition to 100 percent clean  energy.   Atlanta is converting an abandoned quarry into a reservoir to  increase the city's emergency drinking water supply. Portland, OR, has  designated more than $50 million for a green jobs and healthy homes  initiative.   The experience of these mayors stands in contrast to some of the  rhetoric we hear on the Senate floor and elsewhere about how climate  action is somehow economically unwise.   The Portland mayor, Ted Wheeler, pointed out that his city's  investments in reducing carbon emissions are the very things that make  people want to live in Portland. He said in his testimony that  ``failing to take meaningful action to address climate change is bad  for the economy.''   That is why Senate Democrats are not going to wait for Republican  colleagues--because the cost of climate inaction is so much higher than  the cost of action. The damage that is being done to our cities, our  farmers, our fisheries--and the risks that are threatening our workers,  our small businesses, our financial industry, and our taxpayers--are  too high for us to wait any longer. The benefits of action are way  higher than the cost of inaction.   The Pittsburgh mayor, William Peduto, said today that if you want to  turn a coal miner into an environmentalist, then give them a paycheck.  If you want to turn a coal miner into an environmentalist, then give  them a paycheck.   Hawaii isn't a coal mining State, but his words rang true to me  because they illustrate the basic point, which is that climate action  can, should, and will work for everybody.   So we are not going to let Majority Leader McConnell stop us from  taking action. He is certainly slowing us down, but he is not going to  stop us.   Over the coming months, the Senate Democrats' special committee on  the climate crisis will establish the predicate for climate action.  Through hearings both in Congress and out in the field, we are going to  build the record and the coalitions needed to move forward.   We are also going to keep an open door for our Republican colleagues  to join us. There is a way to address the climate crisis that is  consistent with conservative principles. Senator Whitehouse and I have  introduced a carbon pricing bill that aligns with traditional  conservative principles and has the support of Republicans outside of  the U.S. Senate, but as long as Leader McConnell keeps standing in the  way of the Senate doing anything, as long as he has turned this body  into a legislative graveyard--not just on climate but on healthcare, on  prescription drug costs, on the cruelty shown to children and families  on the southern border of the United States--then we are going to have  to find other ways to act without it.   All of this stuff should be bipartisan, and one day it again will be,  but right now we cannot wait. We will not wait. The severity of the  climate crisis and the urgency for action are just too great.   I yield the floor.   