 Mr. President, I thank my distinguished colleague from  Rhode Island.   I could not help but think--as I saw the picture of John Chafee, with  whom I had the honor of serving here in the Senate--of John Chafee's  close friendship with Robert Stafford, who was my senior Senator when I  came here, both having served in World War II, both with a naval  background, both people who cared first and foremost about the country  and the environment. I am going to speak a little bit further about Bob  Stafford as we go.    When we laid John Chafee to rest in Rhode Island, I remember sitting  there and listening to the eulogies. Both Republicans and Democrats  were speaking about this man.   Also, referring to what the Senator from Rhode Island has said, more  than 30 years ago we had cooperation and bipartisanship. It was a  hallmark of the U.S. Senate. It was a bipartisan group of Senators who  sounded the alarm about climate change. They made a very modest request  to the Office of Technology Assessment. They said: Study the issue of  climate change and make recommendations to avert global disaster.   Those Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, were concerned that  human activity might directly cause permanent, destructive, and  widespread changes to our planet's climate system--changes that would  put our entire economy, ecosystem, and, our very own existence at risk.   As I said, one of these Senators was my senior Senator, my mentor,  when I came here and one of the finest Senators who ever served-- Republican Robert Stafford, from Vermont.   Today, led by Senator Whitehouse, I think that what many of us are  trying to do is what Senator Chafee and Senator Stafford did. We want  to recall that moment in 1986 and renew the warning those Senators  issued 33 years ago.   Let me speak about Senator Stafford. When I came here at the ripe old  age of 34, I was the only Democrat ever elected in my State. Robert  Stafford was ``Mr. Republican.'' He took me under his wing. He had been  a Congressman. He had been a Governor. He had been an attorney general.  He served in World War II and in Korea. He was a mentor, but he was  also an example. His legacy is one of sensible, pragmatic Vermont  values that he brought to Washington for decades. They weren't  Republican or Democratic.   Senator Stafford was--like most Vermonters--a champion for the  natural environment. With his work on landmark environmental  legislation, like the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, and the  Superfund program, Senator Stafford represented the best of Vermont's  commitment to sustainability.   His appeals to reason and for common ground, and his belief in sound  science resonate even more today than when he left this body three  decades ago. If he were here today, I believe he would be calling on  both sides of the aisle to act now to ensure that we can pass on a  secure and livable planet for generations to come and to act before it  is too late.   Today, so many people still refuse to accept what is now an  overwhelming scientific consensus--that climate change is real and that  humans are the dominant cause of it. What is worse, for the last 2  years many in Congress have willfully accelerated the devastation  caused by global warming by enabling the Trump administration's erosion  of our Nation's bedrock environmental protections--protections that I  have fought for throughout my nearly 45 years in the Senate.   As climate scientists warn of the urgent need to reduce emissions and  reverse the global rise in temperatures, many Senators have refused to  preserve even the status quo. Instead, in the last 2 years, we have  seen the rollback of commonsense regulations, often at the behest of  private interests that have spent decades misinforming the public and  suppressing their own science on the long-term hazards of the fossil  fuel industry.   Alarmingly, this week the Senate is poised to confirm someone to lead  the Environmental Protection Agency--the Agency that is charged with  safeguarding the air and water on which we depend--who, despite the  scientific consensus, denies that climate change is the great threat we  face today.   To growing numbers of Americans it is saddening--actually, it is  maddening--and most of all, deeply alarming that the Trump  administration and many others in leadership positions have made  Trumpism's anti-science, know-nothing agenda their default position.  This poses existential threats not only to our children and  grandchildren but to our generation.   More than three decades ago, long before protecting our planet became  a partisan issue, the Environment and Public Works Committee held 3  days of hearings on climate change. Those 1986 hearings compelled a  bipartisan group of Senators to acknowledge and warn the public about a  ``fundamentally altered planet'' as a result of the ``substantial  greenhouse warming'' that was projected.   They asked what could be done to prevent consequences ``ranging from  disruption of forest, crop, and ocean productivity to shifts in  population,'' and ``extreme weather events, such as droughts, monsoons,  and lowland floods.'' These words of warning were neither radical nor  partisan. They were sensible.   So what has changed since then? The ice caps are melting--only  faster. Certainly, the glaciers I saw when I visited Antarctica 25 or  so years ago had been there for eons, and they are now fast  disappearing. Our coastline is still disappearing but faster. Farmers  and ranchers are still concerned about prolonged droughts and extreme  weather, only, today, the fires and storms are more frequent and more  devastating.   Just last month, the intelligence community's ``Worldwide Threat  Assessment'' offered a sobering conclusion. This is the intelligence  community's assessment: ``Global environmental and ecological  degradation, as well as climate change, are likely to fuel competition  for resources, economic distress, and social discontent through 2019  and beyond.''   We know that bipartisan action on big environmental threats is  possible. In fact, soon after the climate change hearings in 1986,  Marcelle and I climbed Vermont's Camel's Hump with President Reagan's  EPA Administrator. We wanted to show him the terrible damage caused by  acid rain. We could see that mountain from our home. We could see the  changes up close. They were very obvious. With President Reagan's EPA  Administrator's support, we moved ahead with the Clean Air Act  Amendments of 1990, and they were signed into law by President George  H. W. Bush. It was not a partisan issue. The result was a great  reduction in the scourge of acid rain. We see these results every day.   Today we are in danger of taking such results for granted. It is up  to us to protect this planet. If we don't, who will? There is no more  urgent responsibility.   There are bold ideas for how to address this challenge. The Green New  Deal offers a valuable roadmap for debate and a pathway for action. The  time for dallying around the edges of the issue is over. We all share  responsibility for where we are today. So, likewise, we have an  obligation to attack this issue, but not with cynical show votes, not  with feel-good votes intended to demonstrate a political divide rather  than what should be universal acknowledgment of what we know to be  true--that climate change is real, and human activity is the primary  cause of these threats to our way of life, our communities, and our  planet.   We have to channel the American innovative spirit that has improved  our lives for centuries. We have to find creative solutions for  reducing carbon emissions, and then we have to invest in those  solutions. We have to reorient our workforce toward the great  opportunities that are opening for green-economy jobs. We should invest  in  [[Page S1517]]  leading the whole world in developing clean energy solutions. We have  to address this real emergency head-on. Not only can we curb climate  change, but, in doing so, we can transform the American economy.   Over 30 years ago, a handful of forward-looking Republicans and  Democrats stood together in this Senate. I was proud to be here when  they issued their challenge, but the time for delay is over. In fact,  our time is running out.   Let this renewed vigor in addressing climate change, brought about by  the bold proposed Green New Deal, be the catalyst for real change.  Let's stand together.   Senator Whitehouse has enlightened us on so many of these issues, but  we have also learned, as he did, from our mentors--like Senator Chafee,  Senator Stafford, and the others who got together in 1986. It is not  partisan and it is not political. It is survival.   I yield the floor.   