 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I would like to begin by thanking the Rules Committee  for making my amendment in order, as well as Chairman Visclosky and  Ranking Member Calvert for their hard work on this division of the  appropriations package.   Madam Chair, I offer this bipartisan amendment with my good friends  and colleagues, Mr. Lamborn and Mr. Lieu, in support of electromagnetic  railgun, a technology that has been described as ``revolutionary'' and  a potential multimission ``game changer.''   The electromagnetic railgun truly transforms naval power projection.  This technology can rapidly launch high-velocity projectiles capable of  precision strikes at a range of more than 100 miles, all without the  need for combustible propellants or motors. Ships deploying with this  system will have longer ranges, deeper magazines, and lower cost-per- shot than conventional naval artillery.   This technology has already received initial investments; however,  current and future investment is absolutely vital to ensure the railgun  module being designed is built to meet the needs of the Future Surface  Combatant specifications and can be tested aboard existing naval  vessels.   The additional $10 million provided by this amendment will help keep  delivery of an integrated prototype mount system on its original  timeline of being ready by 2021. Continued investment in this program  will also support live-fire engagement testing using hypervelocity  projectiles and the next generation of shipboard compatible pulsed  power.   While I believe the United States continues to lead the way, our  adversaries are not resting on their laurels, as they are also  investing, researching, and developing these groundbreaking  technologies. Earlier this year, for instance, reports emerged of the  Chinese Navy fielding an electromagnetic railgun. So it is absolutely  critical that we not allow them or anyone to beat us to the punch.   Given the maturity of the technology and the urgency impressed upon  us by our competitors, I hope the House will send a well-funded railgun  program to the Senate.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have no further speakers, and I am  prepared to close. I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Chair, first of all, I want to thank Chairman Visclosky and  Ranking Member Calvert for their comments and their support and for  their hard work on the consideration of this division of the  appropriations package and all they have done and continue to do to  advance our national security and make sure that our warfighters never  enter a fair fight.   This bipartisan amendment supports game-changing technology that is  already demonstrating tactically relevant capability. Just last month  at White Sands Missile Range, the Navy fired a railgun on a 34-degree  trajectory at 6 megajoules and will be firing at 20 megajoules in  September.   By building upon years of development and investment, the Navy  railgun will be tested as early as next year aboard surface vessels,  firing explosive and nonexplosive projectiles at air- and sea-based  targets.   Along with my colleagues Mr. Lamborn and Mr. Lieu, I urge support of  this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, my amendment would provide $2 million for civics  education grants under the Department of Defense National Defense  Education Program as authorized by the House fiscal year 2020 National  Defense Authorization Act that was reported out of the Armed Services  Committee last week.   Madam Chair, it is not an exaggeration to say American democracy is  under attack, and we need to shore up our defenses. Foreign  governments, particularly Russia, are actively engaged in efforts to  undermine our democracy and sow seeds of discord among the electorate,  and they have been frighteningly successful.   In the special counsel's report on Russian interference in the 2016  Presidential election, Director Mueller described Russia's election- meddling operations as ``sweeping and systemic.''   Russia systematically waged a misinformation campaign to weaken our  confidence and participation in the democratic process, including by  discouraging voting, undermining confidence in our institutions of  government, promoting false political narratives, and widening social  divisions.   Madam Chair, we need to increase our resilience to these attacks on  our democracy, and I believe civics education must be a major part of  this strategy. Civics programs provide students with an understanding  of American law, how government works, and the skills to participate in  democracy.  [[Page H4716]]    A citizenry armed with a civics background, I believe, is absolutely  crucial to a healthy democracy; and in the context of the threats that  we face today, I believe it is vital to the stability of our democracy.   Unfortunately, only 17 percent of Americans say they can trust the  Federal Government to do what is right at least most of the time; only  26 percent of Americans can name all three branches of government; and  less than 30 percent of fourth, eighth, and twelfth grade students  scored proficient on the 2014 National Assessment of Education Progress  civics test.   Furthermore, in 2016, only 56 percent of the United States voting-age  population voted in the Presidential election, a number lower than most  other developed democratic nations.   It should come as no surprise that we are vulnerable to  misinformation campaigns. Too many of us do not fully understand or  engage in the democratic process.   Madam Chair, I believe that we need to increase participation and  improve civic knowledge, and education is, I believe, the way to do it.   $2 million for civics education is just a start, but it will fund the  development of innovative, evidence-based civics programs at the  Department of Defense schools to start with.   Working with colleges and universities or expert nonprofits, DOD  schools will help pilot new curricula targeted to improving  longitudinal metrics, including democratic participation and media  literacy. This will allow us to build new programs, test their  efficacy, and, from there, chart a broader path forward.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and  encourage the development of more effective civics education programs.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have no further speakers, and I will  close by just thanking Chairman Visclosky and Ranking Member Calvert  for their work on the Defense Subcommittee portion of this package and  for their commitment to our national defense.   As I said, I am troubled by the work of our enemies and adversaries  to try to undermine confidence in government, sowing divisions among  the electorate. I am hoping that by strengthening our civics education,  starting with our young people, we will build resiliency into  protecting our democracy and everything that we love about this  country.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   