 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today exemplifies what this body is supposed to be  about, the people's House acting in the best interest of the people.  Republicans and Democrats have come together to pass the Taxpayer First  Act, landmark legislation to reform the IRS so it better works for  every single American.   I am honored to have coauthored this bill with my good friend, the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis). I thank the gentleman for his  commitment to the taxpayers and for working with me on a great  achievement for the American people.   We all work for the American people, whether you are sitting in this  House, or whether you are a member of some agency. And we look at the  80,000 employees at the IRS, and we know that they work with an $11  billion budget which is supplied by hardworking American taxpayers. It  should work in their best interest.   Over the last 2 years, the Ways and Means Committee and various  subcommittees held hearings and other events to discover what is  working, and what isn't. As we looked at redesigning the IRS, we  focused on improving the relationship between our taxpayers and our  government.   Both sides agree that the IRS should prioritize taxpayers' rights and  that it should be a resource and not an adversary to the American  people.   This bill will achieve those goals. Americans will interact with an  IRS that carries out customer service like we do in the private sector;  improved support with services online, in person and on the phone will  finally become a reality.   Gone are those days when you would walk into a business and there  would be a complaint department. Instead, it has been replaced by  customer service. The IRS is going to be a customer service agency.  Let's look at what this legislation will do.   First, to achieve the mission outlined above, the agency's quality  service motto will no longer just be a motto that rings hollow. The  bill requires the IRS to adopt commonsense, private-sector-like  customer service standards; things as simple as a callback option so  Americans aren't stuck on hold for hours on end.   Secondly, we are overhauling the IRS' enforcement tools so families  and small businesses don't have property unfairly seized. The  Constitution guarantees all Americans the right to due process and  protection from unreasonable searches and seizures. Our legislation  prevents outrageous enforcement abuses to protect taxpayers from unfair  seizures.   Third, the Taxpayer First Act recasts the IRS as our tax  administrator rather than simply an enforcement agency. It is more than  a semantic difference. It would change the culture at the agency for  the better.   Another way it will protect taxpayers is by creating an independent  appeals office. This will give taxpayers a fair and impartial review of  disputes they may have with the IRS.   We also took note of the fact that it shouldn't take a Freedom of  Information Act request to see what evidence the IRS is using against  taxpayers in those disputes. This legislation will make sure you can  see your individual case file when resolving a dispute with the agency.   Lastly, we are revamping the IRS' outdated and ancient technology  which will better position the agency to proactively combat cyber  threats. IRS employees are forced to use technology that is  outrageously outdated; some of it dates back to the 1960s.   This bill provides accountability to the IRS for the billions in  funding it is given for IT each year. That accountability extends to  protections against cyber threats. We must ensure that taxpayer  information is safe and that refunds are not at risk to thieves. This  legislation strengthens the IRS' partnership with States and the  private sector to combat those threats.   Taken together, these reforms will greatly benefit Americans each  year during tax season and end disputes with the IRS.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 1957, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Rice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Estes).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Collins).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   I thank Mr. Lewis so much. I can't tell the gentleman what an honor  it is to be on the floor with him today in the people's House, working  on legislation that benefits every single American, something he has  done all his life. To be here with Mr. Lewis today and to get this done  is incredible.   It has often been said that, if you do the right thing for the right  reasons, good things happen. Wouldn't it be great today if all of our  colleagues come together to do the right thing for the right reason,  for the right people: our hardworking American taxpayers.   This is an incredible day for America to look at the people's House  and say this was a day when both Democrats and Republicans came  together to do the right thing at the right time, for the right people.   It has been an incredible honor, and I want to thank the staff. As we  know, it is the staff that does so much work and puts in hour after  hour after hour to make this a success. I can't thank them all enough  for what they have all done. It has been incredible work. It was done  not just in the best interest of the Congressperson for whom they work  because, more importantly, they work for the American people.   It is always great being with Mr. Lewis, especially on a day like  this. It has been an incredible day for the American people, to prove  to them that, in Washington, D.C., the people's House is doing that,  working together for them, bringing us together as a body, a  legislative body, something that they have been looking for and looking  to and saying: Why can't you all just get together and do the right  thing? Today is the day that that is going to happen.   I thank Mr. Lewis so much for working with us and getting this done,  and, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   