 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amendment to H.R. 1.   Mr. Chair, our democracy isn't working for the majority of Americans.  This is a simple message I hear from the people in my district every  single day: there are too many barriers to participate in our  democracy; there is too much dark money influencing our politics; there  are too many loopholes for bad actors to skirt our ethics laws and use  the revolving door of politics to enrich themselves instead of  empowering the American people.   H.R. 1 isn't just a step in the right direction, it is a massive  shift that takes power and puts it back in the hands of our  constituents. It is legislation that reminds us that our government  must be for the people, but just as importantly, our democracy must be  by the people.   That is why I rise today to offer this amendment to H.R. 1, which  will require Federal election ballots to be made in America.   In short, this is a win-win for the American people. It will help  protect and create American jobs by ensuring that manufacturing stays  right here in America. It will help protect the integrity of our  Federal elections, which are increasingly under attack by foreign  powers.   We have an opportunity today to not only help clean up our  government, but create jobs and secure our elections.   I hope that my colleagues from both sides of the aisle will come  together to make the democracy we swore to protect truly of, by, and  for the people.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense made-in- America amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I just want to start by saying that I am very  much looking forward to being able to continue to work with the  gentleman from Illinois throughout my time here. I appreciate his  welcome to me here on the House floor.   Mr. Chair, for me, as we go about this, it is essential that we  understand that our ballots are the most fundamental form of our  democracy that citizens here are engaged in, that we understand them as  a tangible manifestation of that participation that each and every  voter plays.   So this is a manifestation of our value, our collective value that  with this most important symbol of our democracy, this tangible form  that our voters take, that this should be something of, by, and for the  American people.   That is something that I think would be an important signal from the  United States Congress across this country that we recognize the  importance of that and we want to hold and commit to making sure that  this tangible piece of our democracy is something that is made in  America.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the perspective on the other end,  and I understand our common value that, of course, we would want to see  things made in America, and I want to make sure that I constantly, as I  will every time on this House floor, seek bipartisanship as we move  forward.   I reiterate that this is a commonsense amendment that is simply good  policy. My amendment would give a leg up to domestic supply chains and  ensure that taxpayer dollars are used to support local middle-class  jobs and boost our economy.   Amendments like mine also ensure that when Federal agencies buy  products to carry out their responsibilities, that they put American  manufacturers first.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time.   