 Madam President, I was asked to bat cleanup on National  Small Business Week for our conference. I have been a Main Street  entrepreneur my entire life.   My wife and I moved back to our hometown in 1978. She will celebrate  her 41st anniversary this September with her only job--a business in  our downtown selling home accessories and gifts.   I am very proud of you, Maureen.   Three years later, I had my opportunity to stake out my attempt at  being an entrepreneur. As Senator Scott mentioned, it is fraught with  pitfalls. There is no guarantee, when you stick your neck out and want  to do some enterprise--no guarantee it is going to turn out. What a  thrill it is, though, when it does, and it is what drives our great  country.   Enterprise in this country, from its foundation, was built upon small  businesses. We have over 500,000 of them in Indiana. Those businesses  created over 38,000 new jobs in the last year, but things aren't as  good as they could be because as much as the tax reform did for  securing the future of small business, it is not permanent. We need to  make sure that is done sometime before 2025.   Manufacturing--the biggest business in Indiana since the Trump  economy has created the hottest context for business, small, medium or  large. Six times more jobs in President Trump's 2 years have been  created in manufacturing than the last 2 years of the prior  administration.   Sometimes a little business can get lucky and become a medium-size  business and a large business. Mine followed that pathway. I will give  you a little detail on that in a moment.   McDonald's started with one location. This summer they will add, in  the  [[Page S2728]]  State of Indiana, 11,000 summer jobs. International companies even come  to the State of Indiana because our door is open and what a great place  to have a small, medium, or large business.   Saab will add a $25 million investment in West Lafayette that will  create 200 great-paying jobs.   Now back to my story. We raised a family, and I had the chance to  start my business. In 17 years, it never got beyond 15 employees. That  is the number of employees I started with in 1981 and that is what I  had in 1998.   Perseverance, patience, reinvesting, keeping a low overhead so you  can get through the scrapes that inevitably will come in an economy,  and someday your day of opportunity will arise.   In the darkest hours of the great recession, when our industry shrunk  by over 50 percent literally overnight, every asset I owned was a piece  of commercial real estate--a warehouse. Everything I sold was an  unnecessary want, not a need--auto and truck accessories. I wondered,  what did the future hold?   Well, the future held the greatest opportunity I could have ever  imagined because I lived my life in a way that set the stage for  opportunity. I make that point because we are not doing it in this  institution.   We have set ourselves up to ruin a lot of the good things that are  occurring from decades and decades ago to the present if we don't get  our house in order. The institution of the Federal Government should be  the pride of our country. Running $850 billion deficits and $22  trillion in debt, that doesn't bode well for any of us. But the good  news is, if we keep this economy going, I think it can go decades into  the future, where we keep creating jobs and raising wages like have  never been done before. But I mentioned earlier that some of us turn  them into medium-size businesses and larger businesses, and so often,  what got you there, you forget about.    I tell folks all the time: It doesn't matter what size business you  have, if you are successful, share those benefits with your employees.  Raise benefits through your 401(k) plan. Lower healthcare costs if you  can, and certainly raise wages.   Make sure people look to the real world for what means the most and  not to government. If you look to government, especially the Federal  Government, you are going to be disappointed. The action in our country  is on Main Streets in towns and cities across the country in our  States.   My parting comments: The biggest companies in this country sometimes,  in my opinion, behave most poorly. I am going to talk about two--Big Ag  and Big Healthcare.   I took on the healthcare issue 10 years ago in my own company. Nobody  should go broke because they get sick or have a bad accident. All small  businesses want to offer good healthcare to their employees but can't.  Why? Because the industry has gotten concentrated with huge  corporations, from pharma to hospitals across the board and health  insurance companies, which I had to tangle with.   I ask you to get with it, be transparent, and be competitive so you  don't have a business partner that may only be the Federal Government  down the road.   Big Agriculture--I want to end with this because in Joni's State, a  high percentage of small businesses are farmers. Farmers take on the  most difficult task of any business in our country--the weather, a high  amount of assets for the income they generate. They have regulations  like waters of the United States--great intentions but overbearing.  There are farmers who now worry about ditch maintenance because ditches  that don't have water in them most of the year are now considered  waters of the United States. We have to get a better balance to where  we have good regulations and not overbearing regulations.   I am asking folks in this Chamber, in this Congress, to look to get  this house in order, and I am asking Big Industry--big companies in the  agricultural arena and in the healthcare arena--to get their act in  order so the doctors who participate within healthcare and the farmers  who participate within agriculture can make an honest living. They are  all small businesses, and small businesses drive this country.   Thank you.   