 Madam Chairwoman, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment. For over 3 years, the House Intelligence Committee posted  bipartisan classified and unclassified education sessions for Members  to learn about FISA section 702.   FISA section 702 is a critical national security authority that has  helped the United States collect vital intelligence on terrorists and  other hostile actors located overseas. After vigorous debate, we were  able to pass a bipartisan, bicameral compromise bill in the last  Congress that preserved the operational flexibility of section 702  while instituting reforms to further protect U.S. persons' privacy.   President Trump signed this legislation into law in January of 2018.  The amendment today seeks to reopen a debate that was settled last  Congress. Rather than debating this issue within the relevant  committees of jurisdiction, however, Members who lost the debate last  year now seek to have another bite at that apple to subvert the  legislative process by bypassing those committees. If passed, I fear  this amendment will have devastating consequences on our national  security.   First, the amendment creates new, strict requirements on targeting of  foreign actors overseas just because the hostile foreign actor is  communicating with an associate in the United States. If this amendment  were to pass, if a terrorist located in a foreign country communicates  with conspirators located in the United States, the intelligence  community might not be able to use section 702 to target that terrorist  because he is communicating with a person in the United States.   For example, the intelligence community was able to thwart Najibullah  Zazi's planned terrorist attack to detonate explosives in Manhattan. If  this amendment were enacted, the FBI and NSA might not have been able  to use 702 to target the al-Qaida courier in Pakistan communicating  back to conspirators in the United States, thus resulting in another  terrorist attack in New York City.  [[Page H4719]]    Section 702 was enacted to prevent this type of event. This example  illustrates the amendment's callous disregard for the history of the  program.   Second, the amendment would limit NSA's abouts communication  collection. Abouts communication collection takes place in NSA's  upstream collection, and due to how internet communications work,  allows NSA to collect the communications that may reference a 702  target's email address.   Again, we debated this issue last Congress and placed a statutory  restriction on NSA's ability to continue abouts collection until  meeting certain requirements.   I strongly urge opposition to this amendment.   