 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Wenstrup) for yielding.   As we are talking about this resolution, and as my colleagues from  Ohio and from California earlier talked about, as we speak, the White  House is actually transmitting the documents that are mentioned in the  resolution.   The White House has been going overboard, doing more than has been  done before, to make sure that Congress has all the information it  needs about this issue.   I think what really is at question is where this all leads to, and I  think we know where it all leads to. This all started with an intention  by many in the majority. When they took the majority, it was that they  were going to  [[Page H7924]]  try to work to impeach the President. Many of them talked about it.  They didn't even have the gavels in their hands yet, and they were  talking about impeaching the President.   The chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary said he wants to bring  Articles of Impeachment to the House floor by the end of this year.  Keep in mind, there is not a single Article of Impeachment that they  have listed because there have been no crimes.   They thought the Mueller report was going to give them the crimes. It  turned out it showed there was no collusion. Instead of wrapping it up,  they move on to look for something else.   It is not the job of a prosecutor, by the way, to hope to go indict  somebody and then look around to see if they find evidence. They are  supposed to follow facts. If the facts lead them there, that is where  they go. That is not happening here.   When you saw the Speaker of the House yesterday saying that the  President committed crimes, please name one crime that has been listed.   We have seen the report now, the transcript of a conversation between  President Trump and President Zelensky of Ukraine. There are a lot of  niceties here, the President congratulating him on winning an election.  There is not a single quid pro quo, which we were told there would be.  There is not an exertion of pressure, which we were told there would  be.   Now, they bring up Joe Biden. Joe Biden, himself, has said that he  exerted pressure on the Ukrainians, bragged about the fact that he  withheld $1 billion in aid from the Ukrainians.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio.   Again, when we talk about something as serious as impeachment, and  obviously, that is where they have said they would go, the Speaker said  she wants to get the committee working toward an impeachment inquiry.   Why? Why, Madam Speaker, haven't they brought a vote here on this  House floor to start an impeachment inquiry? They are scared to death  of having a vote on this House floor on impeachment. Yet, they keep  moving down that train track.   It is a reckless track, when they say that they are going to bring  impeachment. Even the people who have read this, not one of them has  pointed out a high crime or misdemeanor that is in here.   The quid pro quo that they promised doesn't exist. These are the same  people who promised that there was collusion, with the Mueller report,  and there was no collusion.   Instead of moving on, they keep going down the impeachment path.  People are sick and tired of the constant harassment of the President.   Go read the transcript, and you will see, again, a President  congratulating another President who was elected on a platform to root  out corruption, and he is working to root out corruption. We ought to  cheer that.   Instead of doing this, we ought to be focused on things like USMCA,  lowering drug prices, solving real problems. Let's move on.   