 Madam Speaker, I rise to exercise the time that the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings), my good friend, has extended to  me.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida, my very good  friend, the distinguished vice-chairman of the Rules Committee, for  yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I would be the first to admit that there are some good  things in this bill. But to say also to my good friend, at the end of  the day it is a very easy no. And that is sad.    Frankly, we could have had an opportunity to work together in a  bipartisan fashion and actually produce a product that would be  effective and one in which every Member of this Chamber could vote for.  But my friends have chosen not to do that.   Madam Speaker, we are here on another attempt by the majority to push  deeply partisan measures to change America's electoral system in  response to the 2016 Presidential election.   Earlier this year, the majority pushed through H.R. 1, which they  gave the misnomer of the, ``For the People Act.'' The reality was that  H.R. 1 was completely misnamed. It was not ``for the people,'' it was  for the Democratic majority, by the Democratic majority in hopes of  maintaining the Democratic majority for many years to come.   Similarly today, we are considering H.R. 4617, yet another misnamed  and misguided bill aimed at changing America's election laws. The  majority has called H.R. 4617 the SHIELD Act. Unfortunately, this bill  shields us from exactly nothing. It expands the power of the Federal  Government, limits freedom of speech, and reduces the ability of the  American people to participate in their own elections, all while  failing to protect our democracy from foreign interference.   Before I talk about the problems with the SHIELD Act, I think we  should be clear: Republicans stand ready and willing to work with  Democrats on bipartisan solutions to reform our election system and  protect it from foreign influence.   My good friend from Illinois, Ranking Member Rodney Davis, has  proposed such a bill that would do exactly that. H.R. 4736, the Honest  Elections Act updates existing election laws in a fair way. It  strengthens the Foreign Agents Registration Act to combat election  interference, modernizes online political ad disclosure, increases  monitoring of spending by foreign nationals in our elections, and bans  the practice of ballot harvesting.   These are the kinds of bipartisan solutions Republicans and Democrats  should be able to come together on. But instead, the majority is once  again proposing a partisan bill that fails to put forward real  solutions to these problems.   Let's take a look at just a few of those provisions in H.R. 4617:   First, H.R. 4617 imposes draconian limitations on online political  advertising that will only make it harder for Americans to participate  in our elections. It applies a model of regulation designed for TV ads  to online ads, which are two very different media. And it requires the  same four-second disclosures for online ads as they currently require  for TV ads, even though online ads are generally significantly shorter.   H.R. 4617 also attempts to add limitations on the ability of foreign  nationals to buy online ads for electioneering communications. But I  note this will likely have very little effect. The primary means by  which Russia interfered in the 2016 election was through traditional  social media posts and troll farms, which this bill will not impact.   What is worse, the bill also expands the definition of the term  ``electioneering communication'' to include, ``issues of national  importance.'' This term is going to become so overinclusive that it  will become meaningless. If a company wants to take out an  advertisement talking about the need for jobs in their community, they  may be shocked to learn that they have actually purchased an  electioneering communication and are now subject to new rules of  political advertisement.   This kind of overinclusive, ill-defined regulation will do nothing to  protect our democracy, and will, instead, just simply make it harder  for Americans to exercise their right to freedom of speech.   What is worse, the bill expands the power of the United States  Attorney General--hardly a nonpartisan figure--by allowing that  political official to interfere in State elections, by any means  necessary. This unprecedented intervention ability would mean that the  Congress is once again expanding the power of Washington at the expense  of the States.   Madam Speaker, a bill this flawed should never have come before the  Rules Committee and should not be coming to the floor. Republicans are  ready and willing to work with Democrats on bipartisan solutions to  prevent foreign interference and secure our elections, but instead, the  majority is putting forward a deeply partisan product that will not  secure our elections and will only make it harder for  [[Page H8400]]  Americans to participate in their own democracy.   And, frankly, they are putting forward a product that I think they  have every confidence the Senate will not take up, and the President, I  would predict, would almost certainly not sign.   We can and should do better than that. I look forward to when my  friends decide they want to do better than that to actually working  with them.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis), distinguished ranking member of the  Committee on House Administration, and my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Just quickly, to respond to a couple of points my friends made,  first, let's remember, in 2016, President Obama was the President of  the United States when a lot of the activity that my friends are  concerned about took place. In 2018, when President Trump was  President, we don't have accusations of foreign interference. As a  matter of fact, it was a pretty good election cycle for my friends, and  I congratulate them on that.   So, I suspect this administration has done a better job than the last  administration in dealing with these issues. But I agree there are some  things we can and should work on to improve our system, and we have  offered--Mr. Davis chief among them--a variety of areas where we can  cooperate and where we, frankly, agree.   In the areas where we can't agree, let's set them aside and have our  disagreements. But where we can, let's put things together that we all  agree on and at least get those things passed. That would be my  recommended choice.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately suspend the House's impeachment  inquiry until the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year  2020 and the Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020 are law.   Madam Speaker, Congress has failed to meet the deadline for one of  our most crucial responsibilities, to pass the authorization act and  the appropriations bill for our national defense prior to the start of  the fiscal year. We did not succeed in getting either of these bills  into law by September 30, and now the Department of Defense is  operating under a continuing resolution, which in no way adequately  supports and funds our military.   Instead of pushing forward, the House is distracted by an  unprecedented and unauthorized impeachment inquiry, which is remarkable  mostly for the complete lack of transparency the majority has adopted.  Republicans have been repeatedly denied their reasonable requests to  attend depositions with witnesses and even to review transcripts and  other documents. Moreover, the House is proceeding in this inquiry  without ever taking a vote to authorize it or establish the parameters  and ensure due process.   At a time when threats are continuing to emerge around the world, and  our constituents want us to tackle important issues impacting their  everyday lives, the House can ill afford the distraction this inquiry  is causing.   Consequently, my amendment will require us to suspend the impeachment  inquiry until such time as both the NDAA and the Defense Appropriations  Act for fiscal year 2020 have been enacted.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Thornberry), my good friend, the distinguished ranking  member of the House Armed Services Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Granger), the distinguished ranking Republican Member of the  Committee on Appropriations, my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I want to begin by thanking my very good friend from Florida for what  we always get, which is always a thoughtful debate, always  professional, always civil. And even when we disagree, I always enjoy  the exchange, so I thank my friend for that.   I will disagree vehemently, though, that the process in terms of  impeachment that we are going through right now is remotely  transparent. The American people can't get in there. And, frankly, I  can tell you, Members, under the rules of the Intelligence Committee,  all of us, as long as it is not classified, are supposed to be able to  get transcripts. We haven't been able to get those things. So we will  watch as this unfolds.   But my friends would have been far better to do what has been done in  previous impeachments; that is, to hold a formal vote, to set up a  process.   I do remind my friend, when we went through this during the Clinton  years, the President, President Clinton, had the right to have counsel  there, the right to cross-examine witnesses, the right to subpoena  witnesses. Our friends who were then in the minority had the right to  subpoena witnesses.   None of that exists now. There is no process. It is very one-sided,  very opaque, very obscure, and extremely partisan.   But back to the legislation at hand.   The tragedy here is that we could work together on a variety of  things that we both agree would make good law. My good friend, the  ranking--excuse me--the chairwoman on the House Administration  Committee, Ms. Lofgren, mentioned that last night.   There are actually elements in this bill which, I agree with my  friend, are things we could work on together. There are other things  that, whether we are right or wrong, my friend knows we will disagree  with and we will not accept and, frankly, the United States Senate will  not accept and the President will not accept.   So it is a classic legislative dilemma: What do you want to do? Do  you want to make a point or do you want to make law?   If you want to make law, you get to the things that you agree on and  that can pass the other Chamber and be signed by the President. So far  in this area of election security, I think my friends have been more  interested in making a point than actually in making law.   So I urge opposition to the rule on H.R. 4617 because it is deeply  flawed and a partisan bill that will not solve the underlying problems.  It will not prevent foreign interference in our elections. It will only  make it harder for Americans to participate in their own democracy.   It applies inappropriate regulatory schemes to online advertisement.  It applies overly inclusive definitions that could make almost any  advertisement a political advertisement and expands the power of the  Attorney General at the expense of the States.   My friends seemed, over and over, to want to federalize State  elections. We don't want to do that. That is a big mistake. One of the  best securities we have is that we have multiple jurisdictions, and the  people close to the people make the laws under which our elections  occur.   We can work together in a bipartisan manner and find real solutions  to real problems, and I hope and I believe some day we will, Madam  Speaker. But in the interim, I urge the House to reject both this rule  and this bill so that we can actually advance, together, on something  that can pass and become law.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question, ``no'' on the rule, and ``no'' on the underlying legislation.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   