 ROSE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, today, I rise in strong  opposition to this partisan impeachment spectacle that just seeks to  accomplish what President Trump's opponents failed to do at the ballot  box in 2016.   Our votes today are merely formalizing the decision my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle reached 3 years ago. This has been an  embarrassment to our country, an insult to our Constitution, and a  distraction from the real work we should be accomplishing for the  American people.   I stand with the people of Tennessee's Sixth District in strongly  supporting President Trump, and I will vote against the Articles of  Impeachment before us today.    ROSE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to this partisan impeachment spectacle that seeks to  accomplish what President Trump's opponents failed to do at the ballot  box in 2016. The bedrock of this country is our Constitution. Article  II of the United States Constitution grants our President the necessary  authority to deal with other nations and their leaders.   This President was lawfully elected by the American people. When  President Trump was sworn into office, he assumed the role of our  nation's Commander-in-Chief. And, as Commander-in-Chief, he has done  absolutely nothing illegal. The impeachment votes today are a sad  continuation of the efforts that have been underway since President  Trump was elected.   The majority has wrongly denied President Trump the fair process that  was afforded to President Clinton and President Nixon at every stage of  this investigation. I am also profoundly disappointed that the House  Judiciary Committee refused to hold a minority day hearing in  compliance with Clause 2(j)(l) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House.   It should also greatly concern all Americans that co-equal subpoena  authority was not granted to the minority during this hyper-partisan  process. Co-equal subpoena authority for both the minority and majority  has been a bedrock of past impeachment investigations. I am  disappointed that my resolution, H. Res. 667, which would have granted  co-equal subpoena authority to the minority and majority, was not  adopted.   Instead of working to combat rising prescription drug prices,  securing our southern border, protecting religious freedom, and reining  in out-of-control government spending, my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle have been laser-focused on removing President Trump from  office for purely political reasons.   I want to remind those who are leading this ridiculous waste of  taxpayer resources that there will be another election in 2020. The  next election is the avenue for deciding a new president, not this.  Throughout the history of this country, impeachment has been a rare  process. With today's impeachment, I worry that in the next 230 years  of our republic, it will be rare that a president is not impeached.   On behalf of my fellow Tennesseans, and on behalf of my constituents  in the Sixth District of Tennessee, I stand with our President and  Commander-in-Chief and will vote ``no'' on both articles of  impeachment.   