 Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chairwoman, I rise today in opposition to the  amendment.   This amendment would strike a critical provision of H.R. 1 that  cracks down on organizations that are flooding our elections with dark  money. In the 2018 cycle, $150 million was spent by groups that did not  have to disclose their donors. Voters had no idea who was spending this  money to influence their vote.   What it does is create a system in Washington that leaves elected  officials beholden to mega-donors, rather than the needs of their  constituents. This is a direct threat to our democracy, and it is  coming from within this Chamber.   This is a problem that is only getting worse. Since Citizens United,  dark money spending has gone up by more than 8,000 percent. Part of the  problem is the law isn't being enforced. Some so-called social welfare  organizations are devoting too much of their time to political  activity, yet they are allowed a tax-exempt status and don't have to  disclose their donors. And the IRS can't do anything about it.   We must allow the IRS to move forward on the 2013 rule to define  acceptable levels of political activity by these organizations. This  will create a clear standard. If a group violates this standard, and it  fails to adhere to its social welfare mission, then it should lose its  tax-exempt status, and it should register as a PAC.   If you are going to spend millions of dollars to influence someone's  vote, then you better have the courage to stand behind your words.  Instead, mega-donors have taken advantage of a loophole that allows  them to donate to a tax-exempt welfare organization while hiding their  identity.   All Americans should care about the abuse of social welfare  organizations. It undermines the sanctity of so many other valuable and  necessary organizations.   Let's be clear about what is happening here. This amendment serves  one purpose: to hide mega-donor support for campaigns. Let's pull back  the  [[Page H2535]]  curtain and let Americans see who is really behind those negative ads.   Madam Chairwoman, I reserve the remainder of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren).    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes).    Madam Chair, how much time is remaining?    Madam Chair, this is more than one simple issue. This is  about rule of law; it is about transparency; and it is about the  democracy that we must become if we are to return power back to our  communities.   This is already the law.   What my colleagues on the other side want to do is prevent the  government from enforcing the law.   This is about rule of law and making sure we are enforcing what is  already on the books, and we are prohibiting the abuse of social  welfare organizations and we are bringing to light dark money.   The voters of this country deserve to know who is spending money,  millions of dollars, to influence their vote. It should not be hidden.  The people of our communities deserve to know who is spending that  money to influence our vote, and that is why I ask folks in this  Chamber, my colleagues, to oppose this amendment and let's restore our  democracy and return power back to our communities.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   