 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time.   Madam Speaker, I hear from hardworking Montanans in my office and  throughout the State that they are worried about the rising cost of  healthcare. Rising premiums and increasing deductibles force Montana  families to spend more and more on healthcare and less and less on  clothes, books, and food for the table.   Since my first day in office, I have made lowering healthcare costs,  promoting rural access to care, and protecting those with preexisting  conditions my primary priorities.   Unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act has been anything but  affordable. In the first 3 years of ObamaCare, premiums in Montana rose  by 66 percent, and they are still rising today. ObamaCare robbed  consumers of choice and gave hardworking Montanans plans they can't  afford.   As we work toward solutions that make healthcare more accessible and  affordable, I will keep fighting to protect those with preexisting  conditions. I cosponsored the Pre-Existing Conditions Protection Act  that ensures patients with preexisting conditions have access to health  insurance. I also voted to ensure those same protections. We need to  ensure that those with preexisting conditions have coverage.   House Democrats have said they are for protecting those with  preexisting conditions. Unfortunately, Madam Speaker, it seems they are  only interested in defending them if the solution includes preserving  ObamaCare or pursuing a government-run, single-payer healthcare plan.   One of the earliest votes we took in this Congress was to lock in  protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. It was a simple  and straightforward measure that I enthusiastically voted for. It would  protect Americans with preexisting conditions period--so simple and  straightforward. We should revisit that approach.   Unfortunately, Madam Speaker, my friends across the aisle voted down  that measure, because it appears the majority values trying to score  political points more than providing certainty and peace of mind to  Americans with preexisting conditions.   I hope they will come to the table in good faith and choose to work  with us to find a bipartisan solution to bring down healthcare costs  and protect people with preexisting conditions.   