 Mr. President, I rise to recognize and thank our veterans  and their families. I commend the good Senator from the State of West  Virginia. I appreciate her remarks and her incredible support for our  veterans. Frankly, I want to mention my admiration for her having just  completed the Marine Corps Marathon. I think that is absolutely  remarkable. I know she is an avid runner, but to complete a marathon is  no small achievement. Of course, to do it as part of the Marine  Marathon is another great way to honor our marvelous and wonderful  veterans. My father was in the Marine Corps, so I have a special  affinity, of course, because of that as well. I appreciate all of our  amazing, wonderful veterans.    I am really honored to join my colleagues. I know the good Senator  from Kansas is next. As he chairs our Ag Committee, he and I have had a  lot of opportunity to work on agricultural issues. He is also another  member of the Marine Corps, and I know he has served with great  distinction.   Again, it is a great honor to be here today and to join my colleagues  in honoring our phenomenal veterans.   In June, I had the opportunity to join a Senate delegation in  Normandy for the 75th anniversary of D-Day. We had the honor of meeting  with some of the veterans who had landed on the beaches of Normandy and  were again reminded of the tremendous sacrifices that our Nation's  veterans have made to preserve our way of life and keep our Nation  free. It really was an honor to meet with some of those veterans and to  be there in Normandy on the 75th anniversary. To see where they had  landed and then to talk with them about it was an incredible way to  relive history and, of course, to honor their incredible sacrifice.   We also recognize that those who serve do not serve alone. We  appreciate, too, the sacrifices of their families and their loved ones,  who have supported them and our Nation's veterans in their service, who  have done so throughout the history of our country, and who serve  today, along with their veteran family members--their husbands or wives  or sons or daughters, whoever they may be--who have donned the uniform  to serve this great Nation. We honor their service and the service of  all those who are in harm's way today.   While we set aside a day each year to express our gratitude, every  day, we are reminded of the dedication of those who have served to  protect our freedom and our liberties. Our veterans cannot be thanked  enough. Given their service and sacrifice, the least our Nation can do  is to uphold its commitment to provide our veterans with the  healthcare, benefits, and recognition they have so richly earned.   In the Senate, we have passed landmark legislation, including the VA  MISSION Act, to support our veterans and provide them with the care and  services they have earned. The VA MISSION Act strengthens the VA's  ability to provide care for our veterans, and when the VA is unable to  do so, it gives our veterans more options by allowing them to seek care  in their home communities. This has been a top priority for veterans in  my State, in the  [[Page S6426]]  rural State of North Dakota. Giving veterans more options closer to  home for healthcare and long-term care is and must continue to be an  absolute priority.   We are also continuing to work with the VA and long-term care  providers to ensure that the providers who want to treat veterans are  able to do so without undertaking unnecessary burdens. We are helping  veterans access long-term care--nursing home care, home-based care-- closer to home and near their loved ones.   In the course of their dedicated service, our military members make  sacrifices in many ways. This includes injuries both seen and unseen.  We owe our veterans the best possible care in treating these wounds.  That is why we have been working to improve and strengthen the VA's  mental healthcare and suicide prevention programs. This includes  expanding access to alternative treatment options, like hyperbaric  oxygen therapy, HBOT, for veterans who have not benefited from  traditional therapies for post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD.   Additionally, I am a cosponsor of the Improve Well-Being for Veterans  Act--legislation introduced by Senator Boozman--that would expand and  better coordinate services that are aimed at preventing veteran  suicide.   As chairman of Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I recognize that  Native Americans serve in our Nation's Armed Forces in higher numbers  than does any other ethnic group. That is why I continue to advance  legislation, like our bipartisan Tribal HUD-VASH Act, that supports  Native American veterans.   Additionally, we are working to provide our veterans with resources  and opportunities to help them continue to utilize the skills they  learned in the military as they transition back to civilian life. One  example is our effort to help veterans receive training to be  commercial pilots.   Last week, the Senate passed its fiscal year 2020 Transportation  funding bill with provisions from the American Aviator Act. I  introduced the bipartisan legislation with Senator Baldwin so as to  expand commercial pilot training opportunities for our veterans. Our  country needs commercial pilots, so it only makes sense that we  leverage the skills our veterans learned in the military to help them  meet this need. It is good for our country, and it is good for our  veterans.   These are just a few examples of our efforts to support our veterans.   Our freedom has been secured by the sweat and sacrifice of the  courageous men and women who throughout our history have bravely done  what has been needed in order to protect our Nation and our way of  life. We honor the courage and sacrifice of this Nation's veterans by  ensuring they have the resources and support they need and have earned.   To veterans in my home State of North Dakota and to veterans across  the country, we say thank you, not only on Veterans Day but every day.   May God bless these brave Americans and this great country they  serve.   I yield the floor.   