 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the chairman  of the full committee for their work on this issue, and I thank all  those who worked on what has been a bipartisan effort. This is exactly  the type of substantive issue that we should be focused on in the  Judiciary Committee.   On September 11, 2001, terrorists attacked America and our way of  life. Nearly 3,000 people died in the attacks in New York, northern  Virginia, and Pennsylvania.    When the shocking images of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon  first appeared on television, first responders were already on the  scene. In the weeks and months that followed, these first responders  and construction workers worked hard to find victims and to clear  debris.   At the time, they were told the air was safe to breathe. They and the  American people found out later that wasn't true. The health impacts  for  [[Page H5748]]  those who worked and lived in lower Manhattan in the months after the  attacks are real and, in many cases, have been crippling and even  deadly.   That is why Congress passed legislation in 2010 to open the 9/11  Victim Compensation Fund to first responders, construction workers, and  others. It covers the cost of treating illnesses associated with  exposure to toxins following the attacks.   During the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil  Rights and Civil Liberties hearing last month, we heard from those  suffering from illnesses tied to their service after the 9/11 attacks.  Those who testified moved me and the Nation as they discussed the  illnesses that have beset them nearly two decades after the attacks.   I am pleased to be a cosponsor of legislation to renew the 9/11  Victim Compensation Fund permanently. In honor of the sacrifices of  James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Luis Alvarez, this bill is called the  Never Forget the Heroes: James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Luis Alvarez  Permanent Authorization of the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund  Act. It honors thousands of others like them who have succumbed to  their 9/11-related illnesses.   Madam Speaker, now is the time for us to move this bill. I urge the  Senate to pass it after the House, and I urge the President to sign it.   