 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1237, the COAST Research Act  of 2019. This bipartisan legislation would reauthorize and modernize  ocean acidification research and monitoring programs.   Ocean acidification is the result of a gradual decrease in pH in  ocean chemistry. A small shift in pH can have a serious effect on  marine ecosystems, including shellfish habitat, coral reefs, and  fisheries habitat.   Congress recognized the need for a better understanding of the cause  and the effects of ocean acidification by passing the Federal Ocean  Acidification Research and Monitoring Act of 2009. This legislation  created a framework for science organizations such as NOAA and the  National Science Foundation to dedicate resources to studying the  phenomenon. This program provided valuable information to the  scientific community to better understand what caused ocean  acidification and how to begin addressing this issue.   H.R. 1237 reauthorizes and modernizes those efforts by updating the  strategic plan governing the Federal Government's research efforts,  strengthening cooperation among scientific agencies. It designates NOAA  as the lead agency for coordinating Federal efforts for addressing the  Federal response to ocean acidification. Additionally, the bill  clarifies that all federally funded research conducted in connection  with the program is to be made publicly available.   This bill is the result of years of work in building a consensus  among stakeholders, ranging from ocean conservation groups and  sportsmen to coastal communities, about how best to address this  problem moving forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Posey), my colleague not only on the  Science, Space, and Technology Committee, but on the Financial Services  Committee, ever thoughtful and ever strong spirited.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1716, the Coastal Communities  Ocean Acidification Act of 2019.   This bill simply directs the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a  vulnerability assessment of the impacts of ocean acidification on  coastal communities. This assessment would identify those communities  most likely to be affected by ocean acidification in the coming years.   Once these communities are identified, the assessment would examine  the economic impacts of ocean acidification on these communities by  directing Federal agencies to coordinate with local officials,  community stakeholders, and local businesses. Once the assessment is  complete, a corresponding report will be made publicly available and  would be revised every 7 years.   Our Nation's coastal communities are dependent on the health of our  oceans. A 2014 NOAA study found there were 149,000 ocean-dependent  businesses in the United States that employ more than 3 million people  in industries such as seafood and tourism.   Ocean acidification is a threat to the health and vitality of these  communities, and this legislation is an important step to assist those  communities most directly impacted by this phenomenon.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I, too, advocate support of the bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1921, the Ocean Acidification  Innovation Act of 2019.   This bipartisan legislation is sponsored by Representative Derek  Kilmer and Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler, who can speak  firsthand to how ocean acidification is harming the shellfish  population off Washington State.   H.R. 1921 would allow Federal science agencies to use existing funds  to conduct prize competitions to increase our ability to research,  monitor, and manage the impacts of ocean acidification.   By creating incentives, the legislation recognizes the need to engage  nonprofit groups, private citizens, and the academic community in the  development of solutions to address this problem. Establishment of this  competition will enable us to leverage the ingenuity and  resourcefulness of these communities.   Mr. Speaker, this bill represents an innovative approach to tackling  this problem, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I note to my colleague that I have no  additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 988, the National Estuaries  and Acidification Research Act of 2019, a bipartisan bill sponsored by  Congressman Bill Posey.   This legislation directs the Secretary of Commerce to coordinate a  study with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and  Medicine to examine the effects of ocean acidification on estuary  environments, and to submit the report to Congress within 2 years.  Specifically, this study would provide Congress a greater understanding  of the biological and economic impacts of ocean acidification on inland  marine environments beyond what is called for under current law.   Estuaries are ecologically unique and economically important brackish  water ecosystems that occur when inland rivers meet oceans. These areas  possess unique biological characteristics and have not been the subject  of studying the effects of ocean acidification to date.   Mr. Speaker, we have heard about the need for additional study for  ocean acidification during the debate on the previous bills. However,  this legislation would further improve our knowledge of this topic by  utilizing the expertise and resources of the National Academies of  Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine Ocean Studies Board to gain a  better understanding of the importance of this issue.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Posey), the author of this outstanding  piece of legislation and someone who has a tremendous working knowledge  of all of these issues.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   