 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am going to use my time on the Senate  floor to address two related subjects.   The Republican leader is reportedly on the verge of going nuclear to  speed through the confirmation of more far-right nominees. He says  Democrats are guilty of extreme, unprecedented obstruction, and he  claims that his hand has been forced and that is why he is required to  change the Senate rules. In the real world, I want to make clear that I  believe the facts tell a different story, and I am going to lay out  briefly why I think this is the wrong way to go.   When you look at the numbers, you see that the Republican leader's  argument is a fantasy. Let's look at judges, and let's compare the  Trump administration to the Obama administration. The Obama  administration started with 53 judicial vacancies; the Trump  administration started with 112. That increase didn't occur because a  whole lot of judges somehow magically qualified for Social Security and  quit sometime in 2016; it was because Republicans blocked nominees for  years at a time, and they kept those seats open. Senate Republicans  even blocked their own judicial selections during the previous  administration. Put your arms  [[Page S2212]]  around that. Senate Republicans even blocked their own. Only 22  judicial nominees were confirmed in the final 2 years of the Obama  administration--the fewest in a Congress since Harry Truman was  President.   In 2015 and 2016, the Judiciary Committee considered only five  circuit court nominees. It considered that many in December of 2017  alone. There were nearly twice as many circuit judges confirmed in the  first 2 years of the Trump administration as there were in President  Obama's entire first term. Nominees are moving nearly twice as quickly  under this President.   Republicans even blew up a century-old bipartisan practice of seeking  input from Senators on judicial nominees from their home States. It is  based on what has come to be known as the blue slip to consent to a  hearing and a markup of a nomination. It is a tradition, by the way,  Republicans fought to protect when a Democrat was President and they  were in the minority. Under this President, they threw the blue-slip  tradition out the window.   Republicans are also moving nominees in huge batches and at paces  that prevent serious debate on their qualifications. A few months ago,  the Judiciary Committee held a markup and voted out 46 nominees,  including 44 judicial nominees. That had never been done before. It is  a head-scratcher how that can meet any reasonable definition of  ``advice and consent.''   The way my colleagues on the other side talk about the issue, you  would think Democrats delayed every nomination for as long as possible.  That just doesn't remotely resemble the truth.   Setting judges aside, what about the executive branch? The President  and his advisers will tell you right out in the open that they don't  want to nominate anybody. They have chosen to leave those positions  vacant. That certainly doesn't meet a textbook definition of  ``Democratic obstructionism.'' I am the ranking Democrat on the Senate  Finance Committee. Our committee has zero nominees ready for a  committee vote. It is not because anybody is blocking them; it is  because the Trump administration seems uninterested in putting nominees  forward. Our committee, on a bipartisan basis, has done its job.   So, colleagues, you can't look at the record of nominees over the  last 2 years, particularly on judges, and conclude that the Democrats  have broken the Senate. It is just not true. I believe a number of my  colleagues on the other side know it. When they want to go nuclear and  change the rules, we get a parade of horror stories about how Democrats  are obstructionists. It is a totally different story when they prefer  to tout their record on nominations.   Let's hear from Republicans, from the President on down.   Here is the President tweeting in late 2017: ``Judges at a record  clip. Our courts are rapidly changing.''   The President at a rally last year: ``We have the best judges. We put  on a tremendous amount of great Federal district court judges. We'll be  setting records. We are setting records. Appeals court judges. A  Supreme Court judge--fantastic.''   The Vice President, March 2018: ``The President . . . set a record  for the most court of appeal judges confirmed in the first year of an  administration in American history.''   Leader McConnell said it all, speaking about the confirmed judges. He  said ``including a record number of circuit court judges for a  President's first year.''   More recently, Leader McConnell said: ``We confirmed every circuit  judge. We've now done 29 circuit judges. That's a record for this quick  in any administration in history.''   After November's elections, when Democrats won control of the House,  Leader McConnell said: ``I think we'll have probably more time for  nominations in the next Congress than we've had in this one, because  the areas of legislative agreement will be more limited between a  Democratic House and a Republican Senate. . . . I don't think we'll  have any trouble finding time to do nominations.'' That is Leader  McConnell. ``I don't think we'll have any trouble finding time to do  nominations.''   Leader McConnell said: ``We intend to keep confirming as many as we  possibly can for as long as we're in a position to do so.''   My colleagues on the other side can't have it both ways, constantly  talking about Democratic obstructionism and then, in effect, making all  these statements about how they are setting records for getting people  through. You can't have it both ways.   I am going to close on this. I am not going to apologize for opposing  nominees who are unqualified, corrupt, or simply outside of the  mainstream.   I opposed the nomination of Ryan Bounds to the Ninth Circuit because  he concealed hateful writings to a bipartisan committee--since I became  the State's senior Democrat, and now as the senior Senator, I have  continued this committee. We have had a bipartisan selection committee  that vets candidates. We had it when my former colleague, Senator  Smith, who I know is a friend of the Presiding Officer's, was here. We  always worked in a bipartisan way to address these issues. This was a  nominee who concealed hateful writings from the bipartisan selection  committee that vetted his candidacy, and he was forced to withdraw.   I opposed Neomi Rao because she also had put extreme views in  writing, and those views closely mirrored the work she had done as a  Trump appointee attacking protections for women's health, for sexual  assault victims on campus, and for vulnerable communities across the  country.   I opposed the nomination of Thomas Farr because he ruthlessly  attacked the voting rights of people of color.   I opposed the nomination of Tom Price to lead the Department of  Health and Human Services because I thought he was just about as  corrupt as they came and seemed to be laser-focused on taking away  people's healthcare.   I opposed the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury Secretary  because I believed a history of profiting off of the suffering of  millions of Americans ought to be disqualifying for that job.   Now, what has been the record? Multiple members of the Trump Cabinet  have resigned under an ethical cloud. The rule change for which the  Republican leader is pushing will cause the rushing through of even  more unqualified and corrupt nominees at the sub-Cabinet level.   The bottom line is that all of the doomsday talk about the Democratic  obstruction that is forcing the Republican leader's hand is simply out  of touch with the facts. The Trump administration will find more  support among the Democrats when it picks better nominees. It is a  quaint idea--pick better nominees, and then you will get support.  Instead, the nuclear option Leader McConnell is set to trigger this  week is a strategy that will take us in the opposite direction. It is  going to make it easier to rush unqualified and extreme nominees  through the Senate before anybody notices.   I oppose this change. I urge more of my colleagues on the other side  to do the same.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   