 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for  yielding, and I want to congratulate and thank Chairman Smith for his  leadership on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as Ranking  Member Thornberry.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the conference  report to accompany the 2020 National Defense Authorization Act. I was  honored to be a conferree, and I am very proud that we have concluded  our work on this defense bill and reached bipartisan consensus in  support of our national security and our servicemembers. I am  particularly pleased with the provisions that are under the oversight  of the Intelligence and Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee,  which I am honored to chair.   I also want to thank my subcommittee ranking member, Ms. Stefanik,  for her contributions to this bill and her bipartisan participation and  partnership throughout the process, and our wonderful staff for all  their work to make this happen.   In the IETC portfolio, this bill supports a robust Department of  Defense science and technology ecosystem to deliver the best  capabilities to the warfighter while protecting critical technologies.  It provides for additional investments in emerging technologies like 5G  and additive manufacturing and supports educational programs to  strengthen the STEM workforce and improve ties with historically Black  colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions.   On the cybersecurity front, we strengthen oversight of military  operations, synchronize efforts, and leverage best practices to improve  the Department's network, industrial base, and military installation  cybersecurity.   This bill also reflects our IETC priorities that Special Operations  Forces remain professional, ethical, agile, and postured for high-end  missions and that the Defense Intelligence Enterprise is oriented to  provide maximum support to Department requirements.   I am especially pleased that this bill continues to support the  production of the Virginia-class submarine program and the Virginia  Payload Modules as well as the Columbia-class submarine program, which  are shining examples of Rhode Island's contributions to our national  security.   This bill supports our servicemembers with a pay raise and  demonstrates a strong commitment, also, to families by providing all  Federal workers with paid parental leave.   Madam Speaker, there is a lot to be proud of in this bill. I thank  Chairman Smith, again, for his leadership and Ranking Member  Thornberry, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   