 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment intended  to make it easier to register to vote by ensuring the deadline does not  fall on a public holiday.   Millions of registration applications are handled through the mail  and through local Departments of Motor Vehicles. Current Federal law  requires States to accept registration forms postmarked or submitted 30  days before election.   However, Mr. Chair, it just so happens, in some years, 30 days before  election day falls exactly on Columbus Day, Indigenous Peoples' Day, or  another public holiday. This results in a shorter window for  preelection registration, and many Americans may not even realize the  holiday could disrupt their plans to register. Without Postal Service  or DMV hours on the holidays, some voters have been unable to get their  registrations in on time.   My amendment makes a simple change. The deadline to postmark your  ballots, register online or visit a government office to submit your  registration will be changed from 30 days to 28 days prior to election  day.   This provides voters simply more time to submit their registration  without burdening local election officials with rapid turnaround time  and ensures that the deadline never falls on a holiday.   Every day leading up to election day is an opportunity for thousands  of Americans across the country to update their registration or  register for the first time. By ensuring the cutoff for advanced  registration is only 28 days before an election and ensuring that date  doesn't fall on a public holiday, we can give more Americans the chance  to prepare to cast their ballots.   Now, H.R. 1 already allows for same-day voter registration in every  State--a policy I strongly support--as it will make it easier for every  citizen to exercise their franchise. But H.R. 1 still provides for  voters the option to register in advance if they so choose; and when  they choose that option, this amendment will give them enough time to  do so, making certain that their paperwork is not rejected for being  postmarked or submitted on a public holiday.   This is a simple change, but it is one that can make voting a little  easier for Americans across the Nation, and I hope we can all agree  that is a change worth making.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I thank  the ranking member for his extraordinary work, as well as the gentleman  from Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes), the sponsor of the bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   