 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have a clear and obvious way to avoid  another government shutdown in 48 hours. The conference committee has  [[Page S1287]]  done its job. It has forged a bipartisan agreement that would keep the  government open through September as well as provide additional border  security.   As with all bipartisan agreements, it is the product of compromise.  Each side gave a little; each side got a little. The conferees deserve  our praise for their hard work, their commitment, and their success.   This agreement is the last train leaving the station away from  another dreaded government shutdown. The last time we were all in this  situation, the President signaled his support for a government funding  bill, only for him to retreat at the last possible moment-- precipitating the longest shutdown in our history. It was the Trump  shutdown, and he now seems to admit that again.   No one wants to see a rerun of that movie. The President must not  repeat his mistakes of the recent past.   President Trump, sign this bill.   Neither side got everything it wanted in this bill, but both sides  wanted to avoid another shutdown--Democrats and Republicans, House and  Senate.   President Trump, sign this bill.   The parameters of the deal are good. It provides additional funding  for smart, effective border security. Let me repeat that. It does not  fund the President's wall, but it does fund smart border security that  both parties support. It also provides humanitarian assistance and  beefs up security at our ports of entry. Though it hasn't been  discussed much during the negotiations, the passage of this agreement  clears the way for the six bipartisan appropriations bills that have  languished. These bills contain important priorities, including more  support for infrastructure, housing, Tribal healthcare, the census, and  money to combat the opioid crisis. I look forward to passing all of  these appropriations bills, alongside the DHS agreement, this week.   One of the last things that has to be dealt with is the negotiating  of a good compromise to fix some of the problems that have been created  by the Trump shutdown. We are trying to get the conferees to approve a  proposal to deal with Federal contractors. Thousands of Federal  contractors have not been reimbursed from the 35-day shutdown. This  issue is still hanging in the balance. The Republicans should join the  junior Senator from Minnesota and the Democrats in approving this  legislation as soon as possible.   The contractors, many of them just working people, are in the same  boat as government employees, except they haven't gotten their backpay.  They should. No one should stand in the way of that. It is just not  fair to them. They were hostages, just like the government workers were  hostages. So I hope we can include that in these final hours of  negotiations. It is very important.   Now, the only remaining obstacle to avoiding a government shutdown is  the uncertainty of the President's signature. So I repeat my request:  President Trump, say you will sign this bill. Remove the ax hanging  over everyone's head. To make progress in our democracy, you have to  accept the give-and-take. You have to accept some concessions. You have  to be willing to compromise.   Any American President who says my way or no way does a real  disservice to the American people. President Trump, in politics, to  quote the Rolling Stones, ``You can't always get what you want.'' It is  time to put the months of shutdown politics behind us.    Mr. President, let me thank the chair of the Energy  Committee, the senior Senator from Alaska, for the wonderful work she  always does around here. She has the respect of Members on both sides  of the aisle. She tries to do the right thing and ends up there so  often. This lands bill wouldn't have happened without a lot of the  people she mentioned, but at the top of the list would certainly,  certainly, be the senior Senator from Alaska.   Once again, I tip my hat to the junior Senator from Washington State,  who worked so long and hard on this. The two of them were a great team,  and Joe Manchin filled in when he became ranking member. We are all  very glad that this wonderful lands bill, with so many good things in  it, will, barring any unforeseen mishap, become law very soon.   