 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much. I  appreciate him yielding. I just want to make sure that we recognize his  leadership on this issue for such a long time. When I first came to the  House, Henry Hyde was still here, and he was known as the father of the  pro-life movement, at least in Congress, and Mr. Smith has taken that  mantle from him, because he clearly is the leader amongst all of us  here that have been trying to protect innocent unborn lives for many  years now, so I thank the gentleman for that. He does a great job for  the people of his district, but particularly on the pro-life issue on a  national basis, so I thank him for that.   Madam Speaker, our colleague, Mr. Fortenberry, just mentioned he  wanted to thank Mr. Smith also for always advocating on behalf of  women, which he does.   I just wanted to make the point clearly that when there is an  abortion, there are two victims, obviously the unborn child's life who  is snuffed out before they really have an opportunity to come and  experience life as we all do--they are alive, but they aren't  necessarily conscious, obviously, and so miss out on 60, 70, 80, 90,  maybe, plus years of life--but the mother is also a victim.   I have had many women who have had abortions, and ultimately later  on, because of so much trauma they have had over their lives in dealing  with it psychologically, have become strongly pro-life themselves, and  I have met them at many, many different pro-life events.   Madam Speaker, I also want to thank all those students and teachers  and parents and clergy who will be once again here this year marching  for the cause of life.   This happens every year. It doesn't get a lot of attention by the  media, unfortunately. Oftentimes there will be a dozen or a couple of  dozen protesters, and they will have equal coverage to the 100,000 or  more pro-life folks that will be here. It is a disgrace that that  happens, but I have seen it literally over the years happen.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Brad Wenstrup. He and I  together will be joining with those pro-life folks tomorrow, and we  will have at least 1,000 or so from our area. Our folks will be coming  from Cincinnati and from Hamilton and Warren Counties back in Ohio. I  want to thank them for coming.   As Mr. Smith mentioned, I was involved and have been involved in my  23 years here in Congress. In fact, I wanted to get on the Judiciary  Committee because I knew that was the committee where a lot of pro-life  legislation originates.   So working my way up on that committee, I chaired the Constitution  Subcommittee and introduced two pieces of pro-life legislation that  became law. One was the Born Alive Infant Protection Act.   We had people who have worked in abortion mills who would come in,  and they would say they saw instances where a baby would be  unexpectedly born alive, a later-term abortion, and they were found in  a sink, in a closet, in a soiled utility area and weren't getting any  kind of what we would basically give as humane treatment to animals.  Human beings at an early stage of life were just being left there.   Now, as a result of that bill, which President Bush signed into law,  they have to at least get dignity. They don't have to take  extraordinary measures to keep them alive, but they at least have some  human dignity.   Then following up from that was the bill that we mentioned, the ban  on partial-birth abortion, a particularly gruesome form of abortion,  which is now banned. We think 30,000 or so a year doesn't happen. That  is the good news.   The bad news is all abortions are pretty horrific, whether they use  some salt solution or whether they are literally dismembered and pulled  out piece by piece. They are all horrible, whatever stage they are,  because they are snuffing out that life.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank some of my colleagues for promoting  additional legislation, for example, the Pain-Capable, which  essentially says that if the baby can experience pain, which we think  is around 20 weeks, that you can't go beyond that; most of us say not  at earlier stages as well, but at least by that stage; or when there is  a heartbeat, that we should also, if you detect a heartbeat, protect  that child. And we ought to protect all these children.   I will just conclude with this. Roe v. Wade happened on January 22,  1973. That was the date that decision came out. January 22 is always  kind of a special date, and that is when people are coming up for that  date. That is the day I was born. My birthday is January 22. That was  my 20th birthday in 1973, because I was born in 1953, but every day  when my birthday comes around, I always think of all of those millions  of children, we think about 61 million now, whose mothers made a  different decision, and so they have not experienced the life that we  all have been given the opportunity to experience.   So let's do everything we can to protect those innocent unborn lives.   Madam Speaker, I again thank Congressman Smith very much for his hard  work in this area, and all the other Members involved.    