 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  do rise today to speak in opposition to H.R. 987.   Mr. Chairman, I am concerned that the Democrats are using bipartisan  drug pricing bills to pay for partisan politics.   Look, these bills are proof that we can work together across the  aisle and do what is best for constituents. Unfortunately, as The  Washington Post so eloquently said yesterday in ``The Health 202,''  ``Democrats are putting a political pothole in the way of bipartisan  drug pricing bills.''   The Democrats have decided to use $5 billion in savings to fund  State-based ACA marketplaces, the federally facilitated marketplace  navigator program.   This morning, a publication called STAT published an article titled,  ``In Washington, a partisan approach to lowering drug costs leaves  Democrats doubting their own party leadership.''   As this article reported, even House Democrats do not understand why  the Speaker of the House and party leadership have decided to  politicize bipartisan bills that enjoy widespread support.   The chairwoman of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee is on  record as saying she was ``not a fan of what happened.''   Republicans stand ready to work on solutions. Congressman Mark  Meadows, the chairman of the Freedom Caucus, told STAT that the  Democrats' political stunt is a wasted political opportunity.   He continued, ``You have got the chairman of the Freedom Caucus  willing to work with Democrats on making real, structural reforms on  prescription drug prices. And what do they do? They put a poison pill  in, trying to augment a failing healthcare-delivery system.''   I ask my friends on the other side of the dais, why are you intent on  tanking good legislation that can deliver real results for real people?  You say you want to lower drug prices, but your actions speak loudly  otherwise.   Fortunately, I am not just here to complain. I also have a solution  to the scenario we are facing on the floor today.   On Tuesday night at the Rules Committee, I offered an amendment that  would take these three drug policies and the $5 billion in savings from  those policies, and I introduced H.R. 2700, the Lowering Prescription  Drug Costs and Extending Community Health Centers and Other Public  Health Priorities Act.   H.R. 2700 couples the bipartisan drug pricing policies with  reauthorization programs, such as Community Health Centers and Special  Diabetes Programs.   Look, reauthorizations are tough. I know. I was chairman of the  Health Subcommittee in the last Congress. September seems like a long  way away. Many of these programs expire at the end of the fiscal year,  but the time to get these things done is now.   We have taken no specific action toward reauthorization of these  programs. Again, September seems far away, but we have to account for  the time it takes to move through regular order.   On the other issues that we are facing today, the short-term, limited  duration rule repeal, according to the Congressional Budget Office and  the Joint Committee on Taxation, the policy to repeal the Trump  administration's short-term, limited duration insurance rule would  result in 500,000 individuals becoming uninsured.   Is this what you want? Isn't it better that people have some form of  insurance than none at all?   I take meetings in my office back home in my district with families  that cannot afford the high premium, high deductible plans that they  have been forced to buy off the ACA exchange. These individuals need  lower cost options, and that is exactly what these limited duration  plans provide.   States already regulate these plans and have the authority to  disallow them at the State level, if they so choose. This is a case for  federalism.   I want to quote from the Congressional Budget Office report: ``CBO  and JCT estimate that enacting the legislation would result in roughly  1.5 million fewer people'' participating in insurance plans.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman.   Of those, more than 500,000 would instead participate in nongroup  coverage through the marketplaces established by the Affordable Care  Act, and 500,000 would become uninsured.   The drug policies contained in both H.R. 987 and my bill, H.R. 2700,  are commonsense bipartisan measures to lower drug prices for our  constituents. I am disappointed they have been rolled into a partisan  package that will be dead on arrival in the Senate.   We were able to work together in the committee and subcommittee to  ensure these policies would improve access to generics for American  patients. I hope the Democratic leadership would consider the  bipartisan nature of the policies when moving the packages to the floor  in the future.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   The fact is, there was a hearing on this one-size-fits-all government  takeover, top-down, Soviet-style healthcare system that has been  proposed by the other side of the aisle.   And yet, that bill was not heard in the Committee on Energy and  Commerce. It wasn't heard in the Ways and Means Committee. It was heard  in the Rules Committee, the Speaker's committee.   This is a high priority for the Speaker. This bill was heard in the  Speaker's committee. That tells me that this is something that is  highly likely to come forward. Unfortunately, it is just not a very  good plan.   And the gentleman is right, doctors would be required to take a  significant reduction.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I think the kindest thing I can say about this  amendment is it should not be necessary.   Just a brief review of the history of mental health parity as it  relates to our healthcare system, of course, those of us who were here  in Congress the day after the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy was declared  in September 2008 will recall that Patrick Kennedy's bill dealing with  mental health parity was used as the vehicle to provide the Troubled  Asset Relief Program, which followed in the wake of the Lehman Brothers  bankruptcy.   So mental health parity was actually written into law in 2008, signed  by George W. Bush. That was 2 years prior to the passage of the  Affordable Care Act.   So the Affordable Care Act comes along. The essential health benefits  were eventually disclosed in the Affordable Care Act in November 2012,  about a week after election day, if I recall correctly.   The mental health parity rules were not written by the Department of  Health and Human Services until probably 2 years after that, but they  were written under Secretary Sebelius. As a consequence, those have  been the rules of the road ever since.   I guess what I don't quite understand is why the navigator system  constructed under the Affordable Care Act was not constructed in a way  that would have allowed this information to be part of the package of  information that is disclosed by the navigators.   Perhaps had we had a hearing in the Energy and Commerce Committee  dealing with this, it might have been instructive when we did the 10- year reauthorization of the State Children's  [[Page H3891]]  Health Insurance Program a little over a year ago. The parity language  was, in fact, included at the request of a Democratic member of the  Energy and Commerce Committee. The parity language was included in the  rewriting of the reauthorization of the State Children's Health  Insurance Program.   But my recollection was, in the navigator program, this should have  been part of the basic information offered by the navigators.   I guess, to sum up, I do not understand why it would now take an act  of Congress to get them to do what they were required to do upon the  signing of the passage of the Affordable Care Act.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chair, the gentleman is correct. And, in fact, if  the gentleman will recall, that in our committee work on these bills  dealing with the Affordable Care Act, the chairwoman of the  Subcommittee on Health actually had this as a stand-alone bill.   It was not considered when we did the markup on the other four bills.  For some reason, it fell off the list that day. I don't know why. I  wasn't consulted, and I wasn't advised. But it was offered as one of  the amendments up in the Rules Committee, again, by a Democratic member  of the Energy and Commerce Committee, the chairwoman of the  Subcommittee on Health, but the amendment was not made in order.   And, again, I don't know why. I was not part of the discussion of the  majority that decided which amendments were going to come to the floor.   It was perhaps a little surprising, because a majority of the  amendments that were made in order were Democratic amendments. And,  again, this was a Democratic amendment.   I think the ranking member of the full committee and I agree, that  this is precisely the type of situation where you would want the  purchaser to have complete knowledge of what they were buying. And the  State Commissioner of Insurance, I know in my State in Texas, is very  clear about that. On the website of the State of Texas, you need to  know what you are buying.   This would be one of those cases where that disclosure, in fact,  would be extremely helpful to the family that is  [[Page H3896]]  trying to make a decision. Because, look, why is someone looking at  buying a limited-duration plan? They are looking at buying a limited- duration plan because they can't afford what is being sold on  healthcare.gov or there perhaps is some temporary situation, a job  transition or something that they are trying to cover.   The fact of the matter remains that the child described in the  previous discussion would likely be better covered in one of the plans  sold at healthcare.gov, but if, for whatever reason, the family decided  that they wanted to investigate a less expensive plan and a limited- duration plan, that is certainly their right to do so. Probably not the  best advice for them to buy that limited-duration plan, but certainly  they should be free to do so, but they should also receive the  information.   