 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I thank the distinguished  chairman as well as the distinguished ranking member for the great work  with respect to this legislation.   Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which makes a  modest adjustment to H.R. 2740. My amendment would increase funding for  the Department of Defense Health Program by $10 million. This amendment  is budget-neutral by reducing the Department of Defense's, the DOD's,  Departmentwide operation maintenance fund by the same amount.   The Defense Health Program oversees all medical and healthcare  programs for the DOD, and the modification made by my amendment would  ensure the Department has sufficient resources to fund vital medical  research concerning traumatic brain injury, TBI; post-traumatic stress  disorder, PTSD; and psychological health. This research would aid  servicemembers and civilians alike.   Over the past 10 years, there has been a dramatic increase in the  number of servicemembers reported to have PTSD, and we see these  increases in both active and nonactive servicemembers.   Since 2001, over 2.7 million servicemembers have served in war zones  in  [[Page H4730]]  Iraq and Afghanistan, and of those, 300,000 have been diagnosed with  TBI. And the DOD estimates that 22 percent of all combat casualties in  Iraq and Afghanistan are brain injuries.   The cost of war not only harms our servicemembers who have  experienced PTSD, but also the spouses, the parents, the children, and  the families, who have hoped and prayed for the safe return of their  loved ones. Unfortunately, we have discovered that the battle continues  when the servicemembers return home with a PTSD, a TBI, or other  nonphysical injury.   Furthermore, whether or not PTSD is a greater risk to female veterans  than male veterans is still largely unknown, and as women continue to  serve in more active roles in the war and are increasingly exposed to  combat situations, their likelihood of experiencing a PTSD, naturally,  will rise. So more research is better to understand and help clinicians  and other care providers to provide the necessary treatment before  symptoms of PTSD become chronic.   We must--we must--do more for those who sacrifice their lives for our  freedom. We cannot let them fall through the cracks. That is why my  amendment is so critical.   With more of our troops returning from deployment over the next  several years, we know that the number of PTSD cases in the U.S. is  going to increase, but, today, only 40 percent of servicemembers find  relief from current treatments.   The Defense Health Programs provide crucial medical research to  provide innovative solutions for servicemembers and family members  facing PTSD throughout our Nation.   As many may have seen, just on Sunday night, there are a number of  innovative solutions, like stellate ganglion block, or SGB, that are  currently being investigated and can be considered game changers in  PTSD treatment. So, by investing in new groundbreaking technologies and  therapies and trials, this will bring help to servicemembers who have  tried current treatments but have found that nothing works.   Madam Chair, my amendment would further invest resources to help  inform health professionals on how to best treat our military  personnel.   Furthermore, the need for increased funding for PTSD is not limited  to only the military, but our overall communities at large. PTSD  conditions are on the rise in numerous communities and places  throughout our Nation where violence is endemic.   This vital research undertaken by the Department of Defense will  benefit everyone: individuals, families, and those communities being  affected today. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my  amendment and its critical funding for medical research concerning TBI,  PTSD, psychological health that will help our servicemembers and our  Nation as a whole.   Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   