 Madam Speaker, today, as we sit here debating  impeachment, all they want to talk about is the Constitution and  Alexander Hamilton. During the last 30 days I have heard more about  Hamilton from my Democrat colleagues, and until then the closest they  ever came to Hamilton was a $10 bill. All of a sudden, what we have are  these strict constitutionalists on the other side of the aisle.   Madam Speaker, this has nothing to do with the Constitution. It has  nothing to do with anything but raw politics.   There is only one person on the other side of the aisle who got seven  Pinocchios for not telling the truth. No one on this side of the aisle  got that during this impeachment process, Madam Speaker.   The American people need to understand two key facts: The Democrats  in control set their own rules of evidence. They said, what we need to  do for impeachment is to have compelling evidence and bipartisan  support.   They don't have either of those two things. They failed the rules  that they made up themselves.   We have got President Zelensky of Ukraine saying that there was no  pressure. We have got the number two guy in Ukraine saying that there  was no pressure. We have got the number three guy in Ukraine saying  that there was no pressure. These are the supposed victims of this  alleged crime, and yet here we are supposedly having this compelling  evidence and facts when the best witness they have--the very best  witness they had--had to change his testimony twice. They mentioned him  611 times, and ultimately, he said: I presume that that is what the  President meant.   Madam Speaker, I can tell you that there are not facts here to  support it. But what is more important than that, Madam Speaker, is  that here we are today and we have bipartisan opposition to  impeachment, not bipartisan support.   My colleagues opposite want the American people to think that this is  a sad and somber day. This is a sad day. It is a sad day for this  institution because we have lowered the bar to impeach a President who  continues to give us an economy that not only is growing, but growing  at levels that we have never seen in the history of our country. When  we look at unemployment at a level that is truly remarkable, they want  to impeach.   But it is another sad day because now what they are doing is they are  telling the American people that 233 Democrats deserve to decide who  the President of the United States should be and disenfranchise 63  million voters.   When all is said and done, when the history of this impeachment is  written, it will be said that my Washington Democrat friends couldn't  bring themselves to work with Donald Trump, so they consoled themselves  instead by silencing the will of those who did: the American people.   