 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 840,  the Veterans' Access to Child Care Act.   In 2017, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that under similar  legislation to what we are considering today, the VA each year would  need to process about 665,000 claims for reimbursement of childcare  each year.   The VA has a history filled with delays and difficulty in processing  claims for veterans.   As my staff and I have worked with veterans in our Texas 27th  District, we too often hear from veterans about the trouble they have  encountered with the VA. From delays in processing benefit claims, to  wait times in scheduling appointments; veterans have often waited  months, sometimes years from hearing back from the VA on their request  or receiving reimbursement for payments due them.   Should this bill pass, the VA will have to process a considerable  amount of childcare claims each year; therefore, we must ensure that  there is oversight in the VA's progress in paying veterans and private  care providers for childcare.   My amendment would inject accountability into this program by  requiring the VA to submit an annual report to Congress on how the  processing of claims is going.   Specifically, the report would include data on the number of  childcare claims filed each year, the number of staffers required to  process a claim, the average cost of each claim, and how long it takes  the VA to process a claim.   If there is a backlog of unprocessed claims, the VA must report on  the backlog and how it is working to resolve the needs of the affected  veterans.   Finally, the VA must report on any improper or duplicative payments  made for this program.   Ultimately, my amendment would close the gap in this legislation by  giving the House Veterans' Affairs Committee and the VSOs important  data they otherwise wouldn't have.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his support.  [[Page H1431]]    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.  David P. Roe), the ranking member.    Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   