 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  organizing today's Special Order to celebrate the life of Ellen  Tauscher.   I didn't serve with Ellen. I had the opportunity to meet her and  enjoyed that, and I now have the distinct honor of serving in a role  that she held, not just previously but exceptionally, as chair of the  New Democrat Coalition.   As my friend from Wisconsin said, the New Dems is made up of forward- thinking, pro-growth, pro-innovative, and fiscally responsible  Democrats. This Congress, we have 101 members, making us now the  largest ideological caucus in the House. It is the largest the  coalition has ever been.   It is safe to say, and it is certainly not hyperbole to say, that  this coalition would not be what it is if it wasn't for Ellen Tauscher.  The coalition came into existence with the election of Ellen Tauscher  and several other current and former colleagues back in 1996.    Shortly after she took office, Peter Beinart wrote a profile piece  about Ellen and the New Democrats in Time magazine. In it, Beinart  describes the early days of a growing New Democrat Coalition that  represented predominantly suburban districts across the country. He  declared the Democratic center was moving toward what he called  Tauscherism, a phrase that stuck around to describe the socially  progressive, fiscally moderate, pro-business focus that were many of  the policies New Democrats advocated not just then but now as well.   Ellen quickly gained respect, both in the coalition and within the  broader Caucus. She was elected to the serve as the New Dem chair in  2005 and served in that position until 2009 when she left Congress to  serve as Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security  Affairs at the State Department.   As chair, Ellen made a consequential impact on the direction of the  New Democrat Coalition. Under her chairwomanship, the coalition fought  for a forward-looking innovation agenda, strong national defense, and  more effective government.   Ellen also rose in leadership positions on the Armed Services  Committee, chairing the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. She worked  closely with our leadership when Democrats took the majority in 2007,  to help shepherd landmark legislation through the Congress.   Those who knew her well, and you have heard from many of them  tonight, remember her tenacity, her creativity, and her patriotism.  Since her passing, we have heard from former colleagues and friends  about the extraordinary impact that Ellen made on their lives and on  them.   They say the measure of a person's life is the impact they have on  others. From this measurement alone, it is very clear that Ellen lived  a life of purpose. We are so thankful for the time that she spent here,  for the time she spent blazing a trail for the New Democrat Coalition.   We are absolutely keeping Ellen's daughter, Katherine, and the entire  Tauscher family in our thoughts and prayers this month as we celebrate  her extraordinary life and her extraordinary legacy.   Again, I thank our colleague from California for organizing this  Special Order in honor of Ellen's life.   