 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in  opposition to H.R. 397 because it is nothing more than a huge step  backwards in our work to save failing multiemployer pensions.   It is the government picking retiree winners and retiree losers. Our  work in Congress, until now, has been bipartisan with both sides  realizing that workers' retirement security is too important of an  issue to play politics with. I and others have been willing to work  across the aisle for a bipartisan solution that works for retirees and  for taxpayers. That offer is still open.   The idea that Congress should bail out union-negotiated pension  plans, but not the retirement plans of millions of other Americans who  have seen their companies go under and had their benefits reduced as a  result, is the most unfair proposal that I have ever seen on the House  floor.   The Democrats are telling hardworking Americans that they should not  only get stiffed in their retirement, but that their taxpayer dollars  should be used to bail out someone else's retirement. To make matters  worse, the bill itself is deeply flawed. It requires no fundamental  changes to pension plans in poor financial shape, and no reforms to  ensure that troubled plans and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation  don't wind up in the same situation.   Again, instead, the bill gives these plans a so-called loan, and then  allows the loan principal to be forgiven if the plan cannot repay the  loan. Simply put, this is not a loan. It is a taxpayer-funded gift. Why  would anybody pay it back? This doesn't have to be partisan.   In 2014, as chairman of the Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions  Subcommittee, I worked with the full committee chair, Chairman Kline,  Ranking Member Miller, and the Obama administration to develop a  bipartisan solution to save these plans. Our plan, the Multiemployer  Pension Reform Act gave plans the tools they needed to avoid insolvency  and continue offering benefits to retirees.   If we passed such a good bipartisan bill, why are we here today?  Unfortunately, the Obama administration made a political decision and  refused to approve an application from the country's largest troubled  plan, Central States. And while many supporters of today's bill cheered  that decision, the Obama administration virtually ensured Central  States retirees will receive far less in their retirement than they  would have or could have, all because the Obama administration  preferred politics over policy.   I still have hope that the Senate will act in a more responsible  manner. The concept of the multiemployer pension plan is a good one and  an idea worth saving, but I would say this to supporters of this bill:  By choosing to act in a largely partisan manner, you are further  jeopardizing retiree benefits.   Literally, every day these plans fail to act, is a step closer to  bankruptcy. Today's action may be the final nail in the coffin for  Central States, whose plan is in such dire straits they cannot wait  another 18 months for a fix.   Outside of Central States, there are many other pension plans in  crisis, but all assuring that the PBGC multiemployer plan will be  insolvent by the end of FY 2025.   We have less than 6 years to solve this problem before retirees  receive pennies on the dollar for what they have earned. I recommend  voting against this bill.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at  the desk.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   One talking point that I have heard a lot from my friends across the  aisle in support of this bill is that Congress has already bailed out  our Nation's financial institutions so we should bail out the pension  plans.   While I don't agree with that sentiment, if that is the argument,  then we should treat these bailouts the same. Using this logic, my  amendment would set the loan interest rates in the bill at 5 percent  for the first 5 years and 9 percent after that, the same rate given to  banks under the Troubled Asset Relief Program.   While I wasn't in Congress at the time TARP was passed, the situation  we are in today, considering a union pension bailout, is the best  evidence of why we shouldn't have interfered with a bailout of our  private financial institutions. Nevertheless, that decision was made,  and now one bailout is being used to justify another. If we believe  Congress should be in the business of bailing out privately negotiated,  collectively bargained benefit arrangements of private employers, we  should do so using the same terms as TARP.   A key feature of TARP was the Capital Purchase Program, which  provided capital to finance institutions by purchasing senior preferred  shares. My amendment would set the interest rate of loans authorized  under this bill to the same rate that senior preferred stock dividends  paid under TARP's Capital Purchase Program. If these terms were good  enough for the TARP bailout, they should be good enough for the bailout  offered by this bill.   The majority refuses to accept the outrageous risk associated with  making loans in these plans. Instead, this bill offers low-interest  loans to massively underfunded, failing pension plans and allows loan  principal forgiveness if the plans can't be repaid. This is  unbelievable. This proves the majority has no belief that the loans  will ever be repaid and is simply looking to gift hundreds of billions  of dollars of taxpayer funds to these failing pension plans.   What about the retirement plans affected during the same time? What  are we going to bail out next? Are we going to continue having the  Federal Government come along and throw money at badly managed  investments?   If we do make these loans, the government shouldn't just throw the  money at a problem without some guardrails. With TARP, banks were not  given low-interest loans over 30 years and told it really doesn't  matter if they repay them or not, that we will forgive them anyway. In  fact, those loans were repaid, and the government made money doing  that.   Mr. Speaker, having said that, I served as chairman of the Health,  Employment, Labor, and Pension Subcommittee for 6 years. I worked on  the bill with Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Miller to help solve  this problem. It is a huge problem.   My father was a union member who lost his job 30 years after World  War II, so I have been down that road with my own family.   I am willing to work across the aisle. As Mr. Neal stated, I was on  that committee that didn't do anything. I am willing now to work on  this.   This bill, I disagree with him, is not going anywhere. The PBGC  chairman today said that we should work in a bipartisan way, and I am  sitting here today telling the gentleman that I am willing to do that.  I have been willing to for the past 6 years. We did pass that bill back  about 4 years ago, which will help with the plans, so I am willing to  do that. This plan is not it.   I urge support of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   