 ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I rise today in  opposition to title III of the Democratic rules package, which will  allow House Democrats to file a motion in Texas v. United States  defending the constitutionality of the ACA.   This lawsuit, which was filed by more than 20 State Attorneys  General, is about individual liberty and whether the Federal Government  can force individuals to purchase a product.   When the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the ACA 6  years ago, it did so under the logic that the individual mandate was a  tax. I disagreed with that rule then, but because we now have repealed  the tax, the Supreme Court's rationale for upholding the law was  applied by the district court when it found the mandate inseverable  from the law and struck it down.   The promise of the ACA, which we can all agree on, was to increase  access to, and lower the cost of, healthcare. In my State of Tennessee  alone, the average premium prices have gone up 176 percent in 8 years,  with deductible levels that are nothing more than the equivalent to  catastrophic coverage.    Let me give you an example, Madam Speaker. The majority of the  uncollectible debt in the hospital where I work are people with  insurance, not without insurance. Giving people access to a card does  not necessarily equal coverage. That is why, in my district alone, you  had nearly the same number of people who paid the tax that actually got  the benefit.   In the ruling in Texas v. U.S. the courts are giving Congress an  opportunity for a much-needed do-over. I spent over 30 years of my life  taking care of patients, and in that time I never saw a Republican or  Democratic disease. Preexisting conditions can affect anyone. All of us  in the House want to ensure those affected by serious illnesses can  access affordable care.   Rather than keeping the cost burden on the middle class, let's work  together to protect those with preexisting conditions while also  trusting Americans to make their own decisions when buying coverage  that best fits the needs of their family.   How can we find common ground?   Well, if you have ever received your health insurance from an  employer in the private sector, you were covered by ERISA and its  updates under HIPAA, which protect people with preexisting conditions  from being denied coverage. Unfortunately, the rules weren't the same  for the individual and small-group markets, and that is where the  problem arose.   A simple solution to this problem is to apply those large-group ERISA  protections to individual and small-group markets and the preexisting  coverage question is solved.   Whether you are for or against the passage of the ACA, it should be  clear that the law is broken. Instead of continuing to support a law  that clearly isn't working, why don't we come together and enact a real  patient-centered, free-market healthcare system that treats individuals  and small groups like big corporations.   The bottom line is that the ACA has failed, at least in my State. The  House of Representatives has more important work to focus on than  getting involved in litigation to resuscitate a law that is broken and  is causing problems for many individuals and families across America.   If we defeat title III of the Democratic rules package, I am hopeful  this will be the first step in agreeing that we should be focusing on  bipartisan reforms to our healthcare system, instead of wasting our  time on litigation. I urge opposition to the rule.   