 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My amendment today is a simple one. It provides more support for two  critical programs that have helped jump-start small businesses, create  jobs, and foster the American Dream. The Small Business  Administration's Veterans Business Outreach Centers and Small Business  Development Centers may not be household names to some, but they have  been a lifeline and resource to small business owners across our  country.   Veterans Business Outreach Centers provide counseling and training to  eligible servicemembers, veterans, and military spouses. With 22  centers nationwide, this program provides the skills aspiring  entrepreneurs need to get their ideas and businesses off the ground. At  a time in which military spouse unemployment is more than six times the  national average, these programs can help provide opportunities for  those who have served and their families.   Small Business Development Centers also provide essential services to  small business owners who fuel our economy. These centers have trained  hundreds of thousands of Americans in developing business plans and  accessing capital. These programs touch each and every one of our  districts, but let me tell why it is important to the people of  Burlington and Ocean Counties in New Jersey.   Small businesses are the backbone of the New Jersey economy.  According to the Small Business Administration, approximately half of  New Jersey's private-sector workforce is employed by a small business.   By voting for this amendment, we can empower these job creators to  continue to strengthen our economy.   By voting for this amendment, we can give back to those who have  served our country in uniform.   By voting for this amendment, we can continue to invest in our  programs that have proven to work.   I urge adoption of this commonsense amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   