 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Mr. Chad Readler to the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court.   There are certainly many reasons to oppose Mr. Readler's nomination.  His track record paints a very clear picture of what he values and what  he does not. Mr. Readler fought to uphold President Trump's travel ban  that targets people because of their religion. He has argued in favor  of a business turning away customers simply because they are LGBT. He  worked to unravel programs made during the past administration that  would ensure low-income workers would actually receive their hard- earned benefits. Of the things that Mr. Readler values, protecting  Americans from wrongful acts of discrimination is clearly not among  them.   Yet it still remains difficult for me to understand why Mr. Readler-- and any of my colleagues who choose to advance his nomination today-- would support going back to an era when health insurance companies are  allowed to discriminate against people with preexisting health  conditions. I have heard plenty of my colleagues from across the aisle  make public statements in favor of preexisting coverage protections.  That is probably because they hear, like I do, from people all across  my State who fear losing coverage as a result of having that  preexisting condition.   What are preexisting conditions? Well, it is things like diabetes,  asthma, or even high blood pressure, and they are a reality for over 4  million Michiganders. This range of fairly common to fairly complex  conditions is experienced by one in every four children, over half of  the female population, and 84 percent of adults in their late fifties  and in their sixties.   Today, there is a broad consensus that we need a Federal law in place  that prevents insurance companies from denying coverage or jacking up  prices based on someone's health status, their age, or their gender. We  have a law on the books right now that protects people with preexisting  conditions, but this law must be defended, not undermined.   I worked hard to pass this important coverage during my first term in  the Congress, and I have fought to preserve it every day since then.  Although this fight has been successful so far, it is based on the  premise that the laws passed and upheld by Congress will be defended in  court. Yet the Department of Justice Civil Division, under Mr.  Readler's leadership, decided not to do so. His actions fit into the  story of the Trump administration's ongoing partisan efforts to  sabotage our healthcare system and dismantle strategies that would  lower premiums and expand quality, affordability, and coverage,  generally. The President is constantly looking for ways that he can  sidestep Congress and attack legislation that has brought health  insurance to over 20 million Americans and cut Michigan's uninsured  rate in half.   We should not be advancing a Federal court nominee whose disregard  for the rule of law comes at the expense of the health and the  financial stability of millions of Americans. I urge my colleagues to  vote no on Mr. Readler's nomination and his track record of promoting  discrimination.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   