 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we need to pass the FUTURE Act to help  students in historically Black colleges and universities, minority- serving institutions, and we need to do that now.   I am here to advocate on behalf of Maryland's four HBCUs that face a  funding cliff due to congressional inaction. Without the immediate  passage of the FUTURE Act, Bowie State University, Coppin State  University, Morgan State University, and the University of Maryland  Eastern Shore face a collective $4.2 million funding shortfall now that  the Higher Education Act's authorization for mandatory funding for  these institutions lapsed October 1 of this year.   This clean, bipartisan, and paid-for 2-year authorization gives  breathing room to continue to negotiate the full reauthorization of the  Higher Education Act without holding these historically underfunded  institutions hostage.   Our HBCUs and MSIs know they can count on this mandatory funding each  year to strengthen their course offerings and in-demand STEM programs,  make infrastructure improvements, and provide academic counseling and  student support services to first-generation and historically  underrepresented students.   Throwing the budgets of these institutions into chaos directly harms  their ability to serve their students and communities. Institutions  would have to make decisions about potentially reducing levels of  academic services, delaying needed infrastructure investments, and make  longstanding staffing decisions. These decisions are being made all  across the country at schools of each of our States. Collectively, the  MSIs risk losing out on $255 million in mandatory funding. This is an  unnecessary obstacle our HBCUs and MSIs do not need to face. We have a  paid-for available for us today to address this issue.   We can get this done now. The House is prepared to accept this 2-year  extension, which gives us a chance to negotiate a complete  reauthorization of the Higher Education Act but does not hold these  institutions hostage with the mandatory funding that is provided by  law.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 212, H.R. 2486; that the Murray  amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I greatly respect the chairman of the  committee. I know of his sincerity in dealing with higher education and  education in our country, but the issue is pretty simple. Without the  continuation of mandatory funding as provided by current law,  historically Black colleges and universities and minority-serving  institutions cannot rely upon the funding source the chairman is  talking about. There are going to be tough decisions that have to be  made on infrastructure improvements, tough decisions on staffing, and  there is no need for it.   We all agree that mandatory funding should continue. I am all for  permanent extension. This UC will give us the 2-year window to make  sure we pass the Higher Education Act reauthorization to fund that.   The issues the chairman is going to talk about are all matters that  are under discussion and debate that have to be worked out between the  members of his committee, the floor, and reconciliation between the  House and the Senate. In the meantime, historically Black colleges and  universities and minority-serving institutions will suffer.   I fully support what the chairman is trying to do getting matters  accomplished, but if I understand the unanimous consent he will be  asking for, it doesn't deal with all the issues that need to be dealt  with. We have to fully address the challenges students face with  college access, affordability, accountability, and campus safety. The  chairman's bill does not meet that test and limits what we could do in  the future to meaningfully address the cost of attending and succeeding  in colleges. The bill continues to let the realities of getting a  college degree--the challenges of childcare, housing, food, textbooks-- go unaddressed for our country's growing diversity of students,  including student veterans, students with disabilities, students of  color, and students of low-income families or those who are the first  in their families to attend college.   I agree with the chairman. Let's bring the Higher Education Act  forward and debate it but don't hold these institutions that have  historically been discriminated against hostage to a program we all  agree needs to be continued.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object and for  the reasons I have already stated, there will be ample time to bring up  the permanent reauthorization of the funding for historically Black  colleges and universities and minority institutions. That is why the  unanimous consent for which I asked was for 2 years.   My party doesn't control the activities on the floor of the Senate.  This reauthorization bill is going to take some time on the floor. We  are going to have to deal with amendments, and we are going to have to  reconcile the differences between the House and the Senate. There is no  other category of expenditures that is mandatory of this nature to  underserved and historically discriminated institutions that is being  held hostage as we debate a broader bill. I think this is a truly  unique circumstance and should not be held hostage.   We need to have a way of debating the issues to make sure that in a  reauthorization that occurs only every so often within the Higher  Education Act that we deal with the current gaps we have for  diversity--for students with disabilities, for students of color, for  students from low-income families, and for those who are the first in  their families to attend college.   For those reasons, I object to the request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor  privileges be granted to Michael Thomas, a member of my staff, during  today's session of the Senate.   