 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to share with the body today my  very short New Year's wish list. It is very short because Nos. 1, 2, 3,  4, 5, and 6 are all the same. We need to open the government. We need  to reopen the one-quarter of the Federal Government that is shut down  today. We need to start acting like adults. We need to start doing the  job that we were sent here to do because our Nation's security is at  stake, kids' health is at stake, and families' economic security is at  stake.   Hundreds of thousands of Federal workers all across the country are  furloughed as we speak, including over a thousand in Connecticut. But  that is not the extent of the damage. When you start having folks at  airport security not be able to show up for their jobs because they  have to work somewhere else in order to put food on the table, when you  start creating questions about whether food stamps are going to go out  or Section 8 vouchers are going to get paid, when you can't have the  Department of Agriculture functioning to help our farmers, you are  starting to affect a whole lot of people. You are starting to drag down  the entire economy.   My hope--my wish--is that we will reopen the Federal Government. The  fact of the matter is that this happens every now and again.  Occasionally, somebody makes a demand, something that they can't get  through the normal political process, and they say if they don't get  that demand, they are going to shut down the government. Every time I  have been through one of these, it is the party making the demand that  eventually relents because we tend to all agree that is not the proper  way in order to try to get what you want in the U.S. Government.   Senator Cruz and others shut down the government for 2 weeks because  they wanted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Eventually, they  relented. This time, President Trump couldn't get Congress to approve  $5 billion for his wall in the budget so he decided to shut down the  government. This is not how we should conduct a debate about legitimate  public policy issues.   The future of the American healthcare system was a legitimate public  policy issue, as is the security of our borders, but we shouldn't be  having the discussion amidst a government shutdown--trying to use our  Nation's security and all of these Federal workers and the work they do  as hostages to try to achieve a political result.   Of course, we were all on the same page just a few weeks ago. This  body voted unanimously to open the Federal Government, and now Senator  McConnell says that piece of legislation that all of us voted for in  December can't pass.   What changed? What changed in each one of your States that causes so  many Members of this body to now say that they cannot vote for a  continuing resolution that you all voted for back in December?   We know what has changed. The only thing that has changed is that the  President has decided that he will not sign it. That is not how the  Constitution works.   The Constitution doesn't make the Senate subservient to the  President. The Constitution certainly doesn't make the President's  party subservient to him. No one here has to follow the orders of  President Trump, especially when he is doing something that is bad for  the Nation. We could bring up that same bill that reopens the  government at least temporarily. We could all vote the same way that we  did back in December. We could send that bill to the House of  Representatives and admit that the President shouldn't dictate our  votes. Just because his position changed doesn't mean Senate  Republicans' position should have changed.   Let's reopen the government so that, then, we can have a discussion  about the question of immigration law and border security, because I am  more than willing to have it.   OK, I didn't exactly tell the truth. I do have two other wishes  beyond reopening the government, but they are connected to my primary  wish. My second wish is that the President would stop making up things  as he proceeds through this debate. The worst of his lies was the idea  that there were 4,000 known or suspected terrorists who came across our  southern border. That was a number proffered by the Press Secretary at  the White House. It has been repeated in various ways, shapes, and  forms by the President's allies.   Of course, we now know there have not been 4,000 suspected terrorists  that have come across the southern border. There have been six since  the beginning of this year. That is six people on a terrorist watch  list who were not U.S. citizens. Do you know how many people who fit  that description came across the northern border in the first 6 months  of this year? Forty-one. If you really care about the security of  this country--if your primary reason for getting up every morning is to  make sure terrorists don't get into this country, then we should be  putting up a wall with Canada, not a wall with Mexico.    The second fiction is that all of these drugs coming into the United  States are crossing the U.S.-Mexican border at places where there isn't  a wall. That is not true either. The vast majority of illegal products  that come into this country come through ports of entry. We should all  talk about why that is and what we can do to beef up protections, but  putting up a wall along the treacherous portions of the Rio Grande are  not going to stop smugglers who right now can find lots of other ways  to get their goods into the United States.   I want to make sure that when we have this debate, we are having a  fact-based debate.   My second wish in this new year is that the President and his allies  would just start telling the truth, and the truth is that there is not  a new security crisis at the southern border. Illegal crossings have  been coming down since 2000. The people who are on the terrorist watch  list who occasionally do try to come into this country are  predominantly trying to get in through Canada, not through Mexico.   I want to talk about facts.   Here is my last wish. Again, Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 are to reopen the  government. If I had No. 6 and 7, it would be that the President start  talking about the real facts, and the other would be this: Let's not  get into this very dangerous conversation about trying to do an end- around on the political process with a national emergency. I guess I am  talking to my Republican colleagues here.   I get it that I often have some of the sharpest words for this  President, but I hope that we can come together on the idea that  declaring a national emergency because you can't get what you want  through the political process is a really bad precedent to set. It is  true that there are a whole bunch of national emergencies that have  been declared, but none of the circumstances of those national  emergencies and none of the powers that were utilized in those national  emergencies compare to what the President is reportedly considering.   If the President is really talking about declaring a national  emergency on our border, despite the fact that there is no set of facts  that suggests that what is happening on our border is fundamentally  different today than what was happening a year ago or 10 years ago, and  if the President is really contemplating, by Executive order,  reprogramming billions of dollars this Congress set aside for military  construction projects to a border wall, that is a Pandora's box that,  once opened, cannot be shut again. This is a genie escaping out of a  bottle that will not be put back.   I said in jest last night that if President Trump can use a national  emergency declaration to build a border wall, what would stop a  Democratic President from declaring a healthcare emergency and passing  and declaring a national emergency to create a single-payer healthcare  system in this country? I wouldn't advise a Democratic President to do  that, but I am not sure what the precedent would be if President Trump,  having not been able to get Congress and the American public to get  behind a border wall with Mexico that nobody really wants, declares a  national emergency and builds it anyway. What would then stop any  future President from doing the same thing on a host of other policy  areas? Really, what would stop a President from declaring a healthcare  national emergency because he or she can't get their legislation passed  through the Senate and reordering our insurance markets and our  Medicare and Medicaid programs to cure that national emergency, simply  shifting money around from place to place?  [[Page S85]]    I don't think this is an avenue that the Federal Government should go  down because there will be a Democratic President someday, and if you  can just declare a national emergency and move billions of dollars  around because you can't get your way in Congress, that is a horse  that, once out of the barn, is not coming back.   That is my wish list: Open the government, open the government, open  the government, open the government; pass the bills that we passed back  in December. Don't let the President dictate your votes. Let your  constituents dictate your votes.   I hope the President and the White House start telling the truth  about what is really happening with border security, and I hope this  nonsense about declaring a national emergency goes away. I hope it goes  away in part because Republicans in this body recognize the really  dangerous precedent that sets for this country, and they recommend  publicly and privately to the President that he shutter that idea.   We could reopen the government today. If Senator McConnell came down  here and decided to put a continuing resolution before this body and  said that it is the right thing to do for the country, it would pass  with flying colors. If Senator McConnell exercised that kind of  leadership that he has shown in previous shutdowns, it would pass with  flying colors. We all know it would. I am sure there would be a handful  of Republicans who just got elected with President Trump's support who  might not support it, but it would pass just like it passed 3 weeks  ago, and it would likely pass the House of Representatives by a veto- proof margin, as well, once the signal was given by Senate Republicans  that the adults need to step up and reopen the government.   So this whole crisis can be over tonight. It can be over tonight if  there is some leadership shown by Senate Republicans. Why spend all of  this time trying to control this body? Why spend millions of dollars  trying to run for office to become the majority party in the U.S.  Senate if you are not willing to step up in a moment of crisis and lead  the country through it? It is still possible, and I hope, as my new  year's wish, that it gets done sooner rather than later.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   