 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend Mrs. Hartzler from  Missouri for putting this evening together to help us make some  important points about a very important issue facing our country. So I  thank the gentlewoman for yielding me some time.   I just wanted to relate a couple of instances. Madam Speaker, last  June I had the opportunity to tour the same southern border area that  President Trump toured just this past week. In fact, he was briefed by  some of the same officials that I was, including Acting Chief Patrol  Agent Raul Ortiz of the Rio Grande Valley sector. It was a very  interesting conversation.   Chief Ortiz said, so far in 2019, his sector has apprehended people  from 41 countries around the world. On a single day, Chief Ortiz's  sector apprehended 133 people from countries other than Mexico or  countries in Central America.   Madam Speaker, we absolutely have a crisis at the border. It is a  humanitarian crisis. Even President Obama said as much back in 2014.   President Trump now is, rightly, citing the growing numbers of  families and unaccompanied minors crossing the border as a crisis, yet  he is met with partisan criticism for saying so.   The numbers will tell you the truth. Just last month, 20,000 migrant  children were brought illegally to our country--20,000. Our border  facilities just are not equipped to handle this influx of families and  minor children. We are being overrun. Therefore, this results in a  humanitarian crisis.   Securing the border and coming to a solution on immigration reform  should not be a partisan fight, but, rather, we should see this as an  opportunity to find the common ground about which the gentlewoman was  speaking.   Americans support a deal to secure our border, reform our immigration  system, and--another point--provide certainty to DACA recipients.   Just this weekend, I polled my constituents on this very solution.  You know what they told me? Madam Speaker, 69.8 percent said they  support a border security and DACA solution compromise deal. President  Trump has made it clear that he is open to a broader immigration reform  deal that includes DACA recipients if the border is secured.   So I think our time to achieve both is right now. The fact that we  have a crisis at the border must be addressed. But congressional  Democrats must be willing to make a deal with President Trump to  support broader solutions for our Nation.   Speaker Pelosi's flippant comment of being willing to only give a  single dollar for a barrier at the border, that is a slap in the face  to the men and women, like Chief Ortiz, who are working selflessly to  keep our Nation safe.   Madam Speaker, let's reopen the government, secure our border, and  reform our broken immigration system. We can do all those things.   