 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate both of my colleagues from New  York, the distinguished gentlemen, Mr. Zeldin and Mr. Engel, for their  strong leadership in standing up against this BDS movement.   I think we all know what it is designed to do. It is designed to  delegitimize Israel as a Jewish state and to undermine their economy,  which ultimately goes to the heart of trying to bring down Israel by  people who have been against a Jewish state and expressed anti-Semitism  for decades. We all need to stand up against that, and so this  resolution is incredibly important.   As my other colleague just mentioned, our nations had a rich history  of using boycotts to promote freedom. There are other boycotts that  have been displayed to undermine freedom, and that is really where the  BDS movement is in a very different category. I think we all need to  make that distinction.   If a boycott is being used to advance freedom, that is one we should  support; but if a boycott is being used to undermine the very freedoms  that exist in the only real elected democracy in the Middle East, we  all need to rise up against that as people who respect that great  tradition, that great love between the United States and Israel, an  unbreakable bond, one that brings Republicans and Democrats together.  We need to continue that tradition.   But I would also add, Mr. Speaker, that, as we are talking about why  we need to oppose the BDS movement with this resolution, words are  hollow if we don't follow it up with action. So, at the same time, Mr.  Speaker, hopefully, we get an overwhelming, maybe unanimous, vote on  this resolution.   It is long past time that the Democrat leadership of this House bring  up H.R. 336 by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), the bill that  actually puts teeth in the law to stand up against the BDS movement all  around the world.   Here, even, sometimes in Congress or in other states, but in other  countries  [[Page H7185]]  where they are trying to advance this movement, we need teeth--words  and action. So these are words today. We need to follow it up with H.R.  336, real action.   Mr. Speaker, I urge that we stand strong together.   