 I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Booker),  [[Page S5869]]  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are  necessarily absent.     Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, as I  understand it, we have only 6 minutes until the rollcall vote, and I  don't want to inconvenience my colleagues.   I would like to ask permission from the Senator of Utah to make my  unanimous consent request the first item of business after the rollcall  vote is announced.    That is correct.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I would  say the following: I have been on the floor of the Senate more often  than any other Senator to ask for immigration reform. Our system is  broken. As we debate this important issue, the Galleries are filled  with people who are following this debate personally because it  literally affects their lives and their families and their futures.  This Senator has been willing to move forward on comprehensive  immigration reform. Sadly, the Senator on the other side has not  supported that. I hope he will consider doing it.   In the meantime, though, what are we going to do about the current  issue of an annual quota of no more than 140,000 EB immigrant visas and  more than 500,000 applicants of Indian descent who are asking for  permission to move forward with EB-2 green cards and their lives?   What the Senator from Utah has suggested is that we shouldn't  increase the 140,000 annual cap. I think that is wrong. If you follow  Senator Lee's proposal and do exactly what he says--give these visas  only to those who are waiting in line who are of Indian descent and  give no visas to the rest of the world--in 10 years, there will still  be over 165,000 people of Indian descent waiting in line, and the rest  of the world will have been excluded. This is unfair. It doesn't make  sense.   I will offer a unanimous consent request to lift that 140,000 cap,  and within 5 years, all who are waiting in line will get their chances  for green cards--5 years--but not at the expense of the rest of the  world. Let's do this in a fair fashion. While we are at it, it is  unfair that your spouses and children are being counted when it comes  to the 140,000. My bill exempts that. They are no longer going to be  bound by any quota.   Secondly, if your children are aging out, if they are reaching the  age of 21--a new legal status and new worries for you and your family-- I eliminate that problem completely. My approach is one that will solve  the problem by lifting the legal immigration for talented people like  many who have gathered here today.   The Senator from Utah says he can't support that. I hope he will  reconsider. Lifting that cap is what we need to do--lifting the country  quotas, making certain that those in line finally get their chances.  This is all within 5 years, which is something the underlying bill does  not do. So I hope the Senator from Utah will agree to my bill that I  will be offering as an alternative after this rollcall vote.   I object to this bill.    Mr. President, is there any time remaining?    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr.  Booker), the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from  Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders)  are necessarily absent.     Mr. President, I asked unanimous consent before the  rollcall to be recognized to make a unanimous consent request. I would  like to take that opportunity now, unless there is some other item of  business before the Senate.    Mr. President, let's start with math, basic math, Andrew  Yang math. Here is what it boils down to. Each year, we have 140,000  employment-based visas issued in the United States--140,000. A decision  was made several years ago that politicians were playing favorites,  picking countries that would get more of one and more of another, and  so they put in country quotas, country caps--7 percent. I will do the  math, being a liberal arts lawyer. It is about 10,000 per year, per  country--no more than 10,000 per country, per year, if 7 percent of the  total is our cap.   The problem is obvious. There are some 520,000 people of Indian  descent in the United States who came here legally on H-1B visas, for  example, who have worked here for a period of time, and who now want to  stay in the United States. From this Senator's point of view, you are  welcome. We need you. You brought extraordinary skills that we need to  our country. I want you to stay. But many have found that they get into  a queue that is so long, and because of the limitations of the cap,  they can't even imagine living long enough to ever get the green card  they are waiting for, the green card that can ultimately lead to  citizenship.   Senator Lee comes to the floor with a bill, and his bill says as  follows: We are going to take care of those waiting in line, which is  primarily over half a million of Indian descent, and we will close down  immigration from other countries during this period of time, EB-2  visas. So it would be to the benefit of those of Indian descent, who  are the vast majority of those waiting in line, but at the cost of  every other country in the world that has anyone who can come in and  qualify for an EB-2 visa. Even his approach that I just described--if  you follow it through, at the end of 10 years, there would still be  165,000 people of Indian descent still waiting in line in 10 years.  That is not fair. It is not right.   Last Sunday, I had a meeting in Schaumburg, IL. As I came to the  meeting--it was a Democratic Party breakfast--there were about 200  people standing with signs with my name on them. That will wake you up  on a Sunday morning. They were there to say: Durbin, don't stop Lee's  bill.   I met with many of them afterward. I would have met with all of them.  I am prepared to. One of them told me a story. He is a physician from  my hometown of Springfield, IL. He brought his 12-year-old daughter  along with him, a beautiful young girl.   He said: Senator, I am waiting in line. I don't know if I will ever  get a green card. What is going to happen with my daughter when she  reaches age 21? She can no longer be my dependent and stay in the  United States. What is going to happen to her? Is she supposed to go  back to India? In the meantime, how is she going to go to college? What  is her status in this country?   These are perfectly legitimate questions. I have an answer for all of  these questions, and I will tell you what it is.   First, we lift the 140,000 cap. That is what is holding us back here.  Why is 140,000 of these EB visas a year a magic number? It is not. We  are a nation of 350 million people. We have at least a million legal  immigrants coming in each year. To expand the cap for those who are  seeking the EB visas beyond 140,000 to people with skills who are  already living in the United States and who want to stay here and  continue to work is perfectly reasonable to me.   That is what my bill proposes, and it does two other things. This  bill also says that we are not going to count your dependents when it  comes to the annual quotas. So if it is 140,000, we are talking about  the actual breadwinners--140,000. If you are married, have a spouse and  two children, you are not seeking four of these visas--only one--and  your spouse and dependents automatically come along with you, in my  bill. They are not counted against the 140,000.   The third point: When you make application, it freezes in place, for  legal reasons, the status of your dependents. So if it takes 2 or 3  years, and that daughter of yours becomes 21 years of age, it is no  different--she is still going to come in with you based on your  application.   To me, that is a reasonable way of approaching it. I have said to my  friends in the Indian-American community, in the Indian community in  Illinois: I am not against your being here. I want you to be here. I  have an approach that will allow you to be a part of our future. You  have been an important part of America to this point. I want you to  continue to be, and my approach will allow it.   Senator Lee of Utah comes to the floor and says: Durbin, if you lift  that 140,000 cap, you will doom this bill.   I have just spoken to him, and I have several times. I will not doom  this bill if he will support it. If he, as a Republican, will gather  support for this bill, we can lift the number of people who will be  eligible under these skilled immigrant visas to be part of America's  future. We can do that together.   I am finding, even as I talk to Republican colleagues here, that they  feel we should be opening up the skilled visa opportunities for legal  immigration.  [[Page S5876]]  The sentiment is growing, and it should. I want people who have real  skills that they either learned in the United States or earned in the  United States to be part of the growth of our economy and the future  and part of America. When it comes to diversity, count me in.   My mother was an immigrant to this country, brought here at the age  of 2. Her son stands right here with a full-time government job. That  is the American dream, right? I basically believe in immigration, and I  believe in the diversity of America. But what will not work and what  will not succeed is the notion that we can somehow favor just one group  from one country at the expense of every other country.   We found that what has happened since Senator Lee started moving  forward with this is we have people from a variety of different  countries around the world saying: You mean you are going to cut us off  entirely? We can't have any EB-2 visas for 10 years? You are saying  that is going to apply to Canada, Mexico, the European nations, and all  of Asia as well? That is unfair. Why would you cut us off to give  opportunity to those from India? That isn't fair.   We have to have a more balanced approach. I think my approach  resolves that and will solve that. I ask Senator Lee to consider it.   I would also say to him--in the course of bringing this measure to  the floor, Senator Lee has been negotiating with Members of his own  political party. That is all right. I understand that. I have been in  this business for a while. But he should be talking to people on both  sides of the aisle. What he has given are so-called carve-outs to the  140,000. I probably wouldn't argue with any single carve-out in  substance if he wants to give them to nurses or medical professions,  but each time he makes a carve-out to the 140,000, he lengthens the  long waiting period for those of Indian descent.   As far as I am concerned, the real answer is to increase legal  immigration to the United States. My bill would do that. It will take  the country caps off, take the 140,000 cap off. It would open the door  for those who have been waiting in line--and many have for years, if  not decades. Stop discriminating against their children. Through no  fault of their own, they have been stuck in the line with them. Their  legal status shouldn't change. And don't count the dependents--the  spouses and children--against the quota, whatever the number might be  in the future.   I think that is a reasonable way to do this, but to do that, you have  to accept one premise: that immigration is good for America. I believe  it is. I believe it always has been. I think the diversity of this  country is its strength. People come from every corner of the Earth,  ready to make great personal and family sacrifices so that they and  certainly their children will have a chance they never would have had  where they were born. That is the key to what is different about this  country and why we should honor it.   Let's not apologize for increasing legal immigration, particularly of  people with proven skills. Let's celebrate that they want to be part of  America's future.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee  be discharged from S. 2603 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I would like to make two points regarding  the comments from my friend from Utah. I know he has to leave for  another appointment.   The first point I want to make is that what I support today is what I  introduced and voted for when 68 Senators, Democrats and Republicans,  passed a comprehensive immigration reform bill, which he opposed.   I hope that shows my good faith and intent when it comes to this  issue. I am not just thinking of something today that has never been  considered on the Senate floor. It has passed on the Senate floor in a  previous Senate, and I think it can pass again with your active  support.   The second point I want to make is this. For us to have dueling  unanimous consent requests and both to object in this debate is really  unfair to the people who have gathered in this Gallery today, as well  as those who are following this debate on television with literally the  fate of their family and future again in our hands.   I would like to ask you a favor to consider the following. When  Senator Kennedy objected on your behalf yesterday, or the day before,  in a similar manner, he suggested that we push this issue forward for a  hearing in the Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration of the  Committee on the Judiciary where we both serve. That committee is not  overworked. It considered one bill this year and no amendments. So let  us try to prevail on the chairman of that subcommittee to have a  hearing on this subject and to bring out all the facts before the  subcommittee and the full committee in the hopes that we can find some  sort of reasonable, bipartisan compromise. If you will join me in that  request, I hope we can prevail on Senator Graham and Senator Cornyn.  [[Page S5877]]     The Senator from Utah is my friend, and we have worked  closely together on important legislation. I trust him and respect him,  though we disagree on some of the merits on this issue.   What I think I heard was an offer, which I am going to accept, of a  good-faith, bipartisan request of the Committee on the Judiciary to  have a hearing on this measure. It will be the first hearing on it, and  I think it is long overdue.   In terms of the comprehensive immigration reform, I don't want to  dwell on history, but we went through hundreds of amendments in  Judiciary and scores of amendments on the floor. Everyone had their day  in court and their opportunity to come up with a good idea, and, yes,  it did come down to one bill at the end. You had to vote yes or no. I  voted yes, and he voted the other way.   This bill is not even close to it in terms of deliberation and in  terms of amendments and that process. So let's start the right way.  Let's have a hearing. You have the majority party on the committee, so  I am not going to pull anything over on you, but let's do it.   For the people who are following this and saying: Well, how did that  end? Let us say to them it ended by both of us agreeing to pursue a  committee hearing on this important subject as soon as possible and  appealing to the chair of the Committee on the Judiciary to ask for  that hearing.   