 Mr. President, I rise today to address the current  situation in Syria.   First, I welcome the Vice President's announcement of a cease-fire,  which will prevent further loss of life. I hope the agreement is  honored. But at the heart of this matter is a central question of why  these terms and assurances were not negotiated before the President  consented to withdraw our troops.   Let me briefly recount what has happened in the past 7 days since the  United States announced our withdrawal. The Kurds, suffering loss of  life and property, have allied with Assad, Russia has assumed control  of our previous military positions, and the United States has been  forced in many cases to bomb our own facilities to prevent their  appropriation by Russia and Turkey.   The announcement today is being portrayed as a victory. It is far  from a victory. Serious questions remain about how the decision was  reached precipitously to withdraw from Syria and why that decision was  reached.   Given the initial details of the cease-fire agreement, the  administration must also explain what America's future role will be in  the region, what happens now to the Kurds, and why Turkey will face no  apparent consequences. Further, the cease-fire does not change the fact  that America has abandoned an ally. Adding insult to dishonor, the  administration speaks cavalierly, even flippantly, as our ally has  suffered death and casualty. Their homes have been burned, and their  families have been torn apart.   We know the truth about our Kurd allies. They lost 11,000 combatants  in our joint effort to defeat ISIS. We dropped bombs from the air and  provided intelligence and logistics behind the lines. The Kurds lost  thousands of lives, and 86 brave Americans also lost their lives so  tragically.   It is argued that the Kurds were fighting for themselves. Of course  they were. That is the nature of an alliance. We fight together, each  pursuing our own vital interests. America leaves no soldier behind,  often at great cost in blood and treasure. We recover our dead and our  wounded, and we free our men and women who are held captive. This is a  matter of American honor and promise. So, too, is the principle that we  stand by our allies, that we do not abandon our friends.   The decision to abandon the Kurds violates one of our most sacred  duties. It strikes at American honor. What we have done to the Kurds  will stand as a blood stain in the annals of American history.   There are broad strategic implications of our decision, as well.  Iranian and Russian interests in the Middle East have been advanced by  our decision at a time when we were applying maximum pressure on Iran.  By giving them a stronger hand in Syria, we have actually weakened that  pressure. Russia's objective to play a greater role in the Middle East  has also been greatly enhanced. The Kurds, out of desperation, have now  aligned with Assad. So America is diminished, and Russia, Iran, and  Assad are strengthened.   So I ask how and why this decision was reached. I serve on the  Foreign Relations Committee, and given the Syria decision taken by the  administration, I might be forgiven for wondering why our committee  even exists. I say this because apparently the decision to leave Syria  was made without consultation with the committee or even with the  committee chairman and ranking member.   Just 3 weeks ago, our subcommittee held hearings to receive an  extensive analysis of the conditions and the way forward in Syria. It  was presented to us by the Syria Study Group, a bipartisan,  congressionally mandated commission tasked with providing an in-depth  assessment of the conditions in Syria and to provide recommendations  for American strategy going forward. So far as I am aware, the  administration made no effort to contact those who attended that  hearing or to speak with the Syria Study Group to be able to understand  the content in their extensive published report.   I ask whether it is the position of the administration that the  Senate--a body of 100 people representing both political parties--is to  be entirely absent from decisions of the magnitude just taken in Syria.   Some argue that we should not have been in Syria in the first place  because there was not a vote taken by the Senate to engage in war  there. I disagree. Congress has given the President legal authority and  funding to fight against terrorists in Syria.   However, for purposes of argument, even if one believed that no  authorization had been given, that is really irrelevant to the decision  as to the withdrawal once we have allied with a people--the Kurds-- committed to defend them, and together defeated ISIS. Once you jump in  the ocean to save a drowning soul, you don't turn around with the  excuse that you didn't have to jump in in the first place. It is a  matter of commitment.  [[Page S5882]]    Others argue that we should just get out of a messy situation like  this. Middle East, they say, has had wars going on forever; just let  them have at it. There is, of course, a certain logic to that position,  as well, but again, it applies only to the original decision as to  whether we should have gone into Syria. Once we have engaged and made  the commitments we made, honor, as well as self-interest, demands that  we not abandon our allies.   It has been suggested that Turkey may have called America's bluff-- telling the President they were coming no matter what we did. If that  is so, we should know it, for it would tell us a great deal about how  we should deal with Turkey now and in the future.   Some have argued that Syria is simply a mess, with warring groups,  subgroups, friends and allies shifting from one side to the other, and  thus we had to exit because there was no reasonable path for us to go  forward. Are we incapable of understanding and shaping complex  situations? Russia seems to have figured it out. Are we less adept than  they, and are our principles to be jettisoned when we find things get  messy?   The administration claims that none of these reasons are accurate.  Instead, the President has said that we left to fulfill a commitment to  stop endless wars, to bring troops home, to get them out of harm's way,  and perhaps to save money. I find these reasons hard to square. Why?  Well, we withdraw 1,500 troops in Syria, but we are adding 2,000 troops  in Saudi Arabia. All totaled, we have some 60,000 troops in the Middle  East.   Assuming for the sake of understanding that getting out of endless  wars was the logic for the decision, why would we take action so  precipitously? Why would we not warn our ally, the Kurds, of what we  were about to do? Why would we not give them time to also withdraw or  perhaps to dig in to defend themselves? Clearly, the Turks had a heads- up because they were able to start bombing within mere hours. I simply  don't understand why the administration did not explain in advance to  Erdogan that it is unacceptable for Turkey to attack an American ally.  Could we not insist that together we develop a transition plan that  protects the Kurds, secures the ISIS prisoners, and meets the  legitimate concerns of Turkey, as well? Was there no chance for  diplomacy? Are we so weak and so inept diplomatically that Turkey  forced the hand of the United States of America--Turkey? I believe it  is imperative that public hearings be held to answer these questions,  and I hope the Senate will be able to conduct those hearings next week.   I note in closing that I also hope the cease-fire agreement is  honored and that Turkey ends its brutal killing, but I note that lives  are already lost and American honor has already been tarnished. We once  abandoned a redline; now we abandon an ally. We need answers. What has  happened in Syria should not happen again. And we, the Senate, must  take action to make sure that it does not.   I yield the floor.   