 Mr. Speaker, still I rise. It has been some 84  days since the Mueller report was made public, some 84 days now that  the Chief Executive Officer of this country has been above the law,  some 84 days that we are aware of since the Mueller report. But in  truth and in fact, before the Mueller report was presented, we knew  that the Chief Executive Officer was behaving in a fashion that would  indicate that he thought he was above the law, 84 days above the law,  84 days disrespecting the law.   He disrespects the Supreme Court of the United States of America.  After it makes a ruling on the Census, he decides to just simply  disregard that. ``Maybe I will use an executive order.''   The Supreme Court has already spoken. There was a time when the  President of the United States of America would respect a decision of  the Supreme Court.   He disrespects Congress, encourages witnesses not to testify, and  refuses to surrender proper documents after they have been properly  subpoenaed.   He has no respect for the Court and no respect for Congress.   Eighty-four days above the law since the Mueller report was  presented--as heartbreaking as that is, I would also add many days  since these babies at the border were separated from their parents.   What kind of country are we allowing ourselves to metamorphose into  when we will allow this to go unchecked, when we will allow babies to  be taken from their parents? What kind of a country are we  metamorphosing into?   We have a responsibility, a duty, and an obligation to ensure that no  one is above the law. Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution is the  law. We in this House have the responsibility to enforce that law. If  we do not enforce that law, there will be no guardrails. A ruthless,  reckless, and lawless Chief Executive will continue to disobey the law,  knowing that he can do what he will and what he may and that we will  not challenge him.   But I do believe this: I believe that time is running out. I believe  that there be will be a vote to remove this Chief Executive. Let me  correct that: a vote to impeach.   I don't know what the Senate will do, but I believe he will be  impeached. I believe he will be impeached not because of but in spite  of a good many people who hold public trust, I might add. In spite of  them, he is going to be impeached. Because of some who hold public  trust and in spite of some others who hold public trust, he will be  impeached.   The tintinnabulations of history, the bells of history, are sounding.  History is starting to drive this, and history will drive some people.  There are people who make history, and there are people whom history  will make. History is going to make some people assume their  responsibilities and take up the challenge that the Framers of the  Constitution have afforded us.   I believe that this is going to take place in the near future. I  believe that this House is going to do what it is supposed to do, that  we are not going to place the blame on others and that we will take up  our responsibilities.   I believe that when it happens, America is going to be on a proper  course. We will set a proper course so that we will show that no one is  above the law.   Let the Senate do what it may, but the House will have taken up its  responsibilities and placed an indelible stain on the Chief Executive  Officer for his attempts to remain above the law and to abuse these  children with policies that would separate them from their parents.   No one is above the law, not even the Chief Executive Officer in the  most powerful country in the world.   