 Madam Speaker, and still I rise because I love my  country. And still I rise because there is a crisis that has to be  addressed.   Madam Speaker, the system of checks and balances that we have  instilled within our government, a system that the Framers of the  Constitution devised such that there would not be a concentration of  power in the hands of the chief executive officer of the government, in  fact, is to prevent a concentration of power in any aspect. There is  power that is spread across the government.   There are three branches of the government. I want to focus this  morning, if I may, on two--the executive and the legislative--because,  Madam Speaker, this morning, as I stand before you, a proud American, I  must inform all that the system of checks and balances is at risk.   It is at risk because we now have a President who does not believe  that he can or will be impeached. We have a President who refuses to  allow Congress to perform its constitutionally accorded oversight  responsibilities.   When you have a President who does this, Madam Speaker, you lose the  power of Congress. It becomes concentrated in the President. The  Presidency becomes a place where power is concentrated because the  President has no fear:   He doesn't believe that there are consequences for his going beyond  what the Constitution allows;   He will engage in conduct that Article II, Section 4 of the  Constitution would prohibit; and   He will engage in impeachable offenses because he knows that the  Congress will not impeach him.   It is impeachment that is the ultimate guard against a reckless,  ruthless, lawless President; and if we do not exert our authority, this  President, knowing that we won't, is capable of doing things that we  cannot imagine.   Madam Speaker, it is up to us, the Members of this Congress, to  assure that this government continues to have the checks and balances  that the Framers of the Constitution intended. If we do not, if  Congress does not fulfill its responsibility, we won't have a  Presidency. The power will be so concentrated that we will have a  monarchy.   The Framers of the Constitution never intended for a President to  just totally disregard the Congress. And notwithstanding all that might  happen in the courts, notwithstanding all of the subpoenas that may be  taken to court and have them litigated properly, the ultimate check on  a President is Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution, and that is  impeachment when he commits impeachable acts.   We have the Mueller report. It speaks for itself. And there are many  constitutional scholars who have said there has been an obstruction to  take place.   There are many lawyers who have worked in the Justice Department.  They number hundreds now, the lawyers who have signed on, indicating  that the President should be beneath the law just as everyone else is,  or the law should apply to him. He shouldn't be above the law.   They are indicating that, if we don't act, we are showing the  President that he is above the law. He then becomes a monarch, and we  then become a weaker form of government.   So I call upon this Congress: Let us do what is expected of us. The  Framers of the Constitution gave us the way. They have shown the way.  We but only have to have the will, and it is worth it for us to do this  because the country is at stake in the sense that the government is at  risk.   Madam Speaker, I love my country.   