 Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, this is singularly the most significant part of the Dodd- Frank legislation. It is the heart and the soul of it because it goes  to protecting the American people against the abuses that have been  predicated upon it.   This bill is singularly important. Let me tell Members some of the  things it does.   Mr. Chair, right now, we have 44 million students, 44 million student  loan borrowers, who are suffering, trying to figure out how to pay back  these loans. There are predatory lenders that are out to abuse these  students.   What does Ms. Waters' bill do? It establishes a dedicated student  loan office within the CFPB to protect the Nation's 44 million student  loan borrowers. That is what this bill does.   Also, it emphasizes the need for a transparent and accessible  consumer complaint database. We get it all the time. Consumers  presently make complaints at the way they are handling the CFPB now  under the Trump administration. No attention is paid to that. No  transparency is there. Ms. Waters' effort here will correct that.   Mr. Chair, this financial dynamic that we have suffered still looms  large, and we need to restore the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  to its rightful stature as the one premier agency that does the  singular, most important thing today: protect the financial  transactions of our American people.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Madam Chair, this is a terrible  amendment, and I want to take my time to go through it so the American  people can see how terrible this amendment is.   The gentleman is a fine gentleman and a good friend, and we work  together. The amendment is what is terrible, not the gentleman. Let me  tell you why.   This amendment would, number one, do away with the important findings  on the failures of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under Mick  Mulvaney that every American should know about. I am going to take a  few minutes so the American people will know about them.   The amendment, which also removes the direction from Congress to the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to reverse its recent anticonsumer  activities, was rejected by all Democrats in our committee markup.   This amendment is trying to hide from public view how Acting Director  Mulvaney stopped payments from the Civil Penalty Fund to consumers who  were harmed, tried to reduce the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's  funding and staffing, politicized the work of the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau by making unusual efforts to fill the independent  agency with political appointees, and reduced the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau's enforcement actions by 75 percent compared to the  average annual number of enforcement actions from the previous 3 years.   I mean, that is why it is terrible. That is why it is dangerous. Of  particular concern, this amendment strikes a direction to the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau to resume exams for compliance with the  Military Lending Act, for our veterans, to ensure that they are not  ripped off by unscrupulous lenders. That practice is heavy.   We just passed a bill in committee to deal with mortgages that were  churning, where predatory lenders were going in and churning, churning  over and over again, making our veterans pay the same bill over and  over again. That is what your amendment would take protections from.   In January of this year, the Consumer Office of Servicemember  Affairs, our veterans, reported that servicemember complaints and  requests for assistance have continued to increase over time. In fact,  from 2016 to 2017, there was a 47 percent increase in complaints  received from servicemembers.   Nevertheless, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under its  current director, Ms. Kathy Kraninger, is ignoring its own legal  counsel and refuses to supervise banks for MLA compliance.   During our March 7 hearing on the Bureau, veteran Jennifer Davis from  the National Military Family Association stated: ``We have become  alarmed by the CFPB's decision to no longer supervise lenders for  compliance with the MLA. Current leadership has expressed the opinion  that the agency does not explicitly have the authority to do  supervisory examinations to ensure MLA compliance. We disagree.'   As Ms. Davis noted, Dodd-Frank grants the Bureau executive and  administrative authority in implementation of consumer financial laws  through rules, orders, guidance, interpretations, statements of policy,  examinations, and enforcement actions. She has been joined by 38  military and veteran service organizations, a bipartisan coalition of  33 State attorneys general, as well as retired Army Colonel Paul  Cantwell and the former head of the Office of Servicemember Affairs, in  disagreeing with the Bureau's decision.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   