 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, my amendment would improve this bill's application to  remote Alaska Native villages.   Women in Alaska Native villages suffer the very highest sexual abuse  rates in the Nation.   Alaska Native women are overrepresented in the domestic violence  survivor population by 250 percent.   Alaska Natives comprise about 19 percent of the State's population,  yet are 47 percent of the reported rape survivors.   Yet, Native villages currently lack any efficient tools to criminally  prosecute the offenders. The remoteness and isolation of the Native  villages, most of which are not connected to the road system and only  accessible by air, makes it difficult to prevent violence and care for  the survivors.   Almost all of these villages lack any form of law enforcement, and it  can take days for authorities to fly to the village and respond to an  incident, particularly when weather conditions are bad.   My amendment will open the door to a meaningful pilot project to help  overcome these limitations by crafting an Alaska solution for a unique  Alaska problem.   Currently, the bill would create an Alaska Native jurisdiction pilot  program for five villages, but only covers Native lands that are  largely outside the villages. These lands are not where people live  and, therefore, not where crimes are committed.   My amendment would add jurisdiction for all lands inside Alaska  Native villages to cover where the majority of violence actually  occurs.   Villages need to be empowered to develop local solutions to these  problems.   My amendment is supported by the National Congress of American  Indians, Alaska Federation of Natives, the Tanana Chiefs Conference,  and Bristol Bay Native Corporation.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment for  Alaska, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   