 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank my friends, Mr. Suozzi and Mr. King, for offering this  resolution, and particularly Mr. Suozzi for his leadership on this  issue.   Like many Members who have spoken, I am proud of my own Irish  heritage. It is a heritage that continues to this day. My sister lives  in Ireland with her husband, Daithi, and their children, Siofra, Paddy,  Ciaran, and Fiach. Those four children are part of the first generation  alive that have been able to live with the guarantee of some sort of  peace on that island.   It is important that we recognize that, as much as many of us have  this familial connection to the people of Ireland, this question is so  much bigger than that. This is really a question as to whether or not  we are going to support a negotiated peace, which is an achievement not  just of the people of the U.K. and the island of Ireland but as an  achievement of the American people as well because we are a guarantor  of that agreement.    It even goes beyond that, however. What message does it send to the  people of the world, especially in those places that continue to have  longstanding conflicts, if in the name of a hasty decision to implement  Brexit, we were to set aside this achievement that says to the people  of the world, not just the people of that island, not just to the  people of the U.K., not just to the people of the U.S., but to the  people of the world that peace can be achieved through face-to-face  negotiation? That is a powerful message that goes beyond the direct  impact that its reversal would have on the people of Ireland.   Finally, as my friends have said, nobody in the U.K. or in the U.K.  Government should expect that the United States would pursue and  willingly sign any U.S.-U.K. trade agreement that does not respect the  principles that the Good Friday Agreement implemented.   So, the question is: Are we going to deal with this now? Will we  ensure, as the people of the world want, that we protect this important  peace? I think we should. The people of the world think we should.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my friends join me in supporting this really  important resolution.   