 Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate we are here  today, actually, but I do intend to support this short-term TANF  extension.   I think it is useful to understand how we got here, because it  certainly informs where we should be going. While the economy is  expanding at greater than 3 percent, and the unemployment rate is now  below 4 percent, we know not everyone is benefiting.   There are an estimated 67 million working-age American men missing  from the labor force and 5\1/2\ million youth not in school or not  working. This, combined with a generation of retiring workers, has left  employers desperate to fill open jobs.   Our committee held a series of hearings last spring to learn how  Congress can help close the jobs gap, the difference between what  employers need to keep the economy growing and the number of workers in  the labor force.   We heard from employers across the country and across industries-- technology in Colorado, manufacturing in Indiana and Ohio, auto plants  in Michigan, homebuilders in Arizona, and the aerospace industry in  Kansas. They all expressed the same message: We are hiring, and if you  are not already proficient, we will pay you while you learn to do the  work.   In my own district, the need for workers is a common theme among  employers. One employer I spoke with recently, whose facility is  largely automated, told me his biggest impediment to growth is a lack  of people to run and operate the machinery.   In addition to the needs of employers and our economy, we also heard  about the dignity of work from the individuals reconnected to the  workforce, whether recently out of poverty or even prison. We heard how  these men and women were better able to provide for their families and  engage with their communities because of the social and monetary  support their efforts to advance in the workforce provided. We want  everyone to have that opportunity.   TANF has an important role to play in addressing the labor shortage,  and changes are needed to fit the program to today's economy. More than  20 years after TANF was created, the program is not living up to  expectations, and many States have lost sight of what it was intended  to do: provide short-term support while people get back into the  workforce.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work we did in the House last year. We  held seven hearings, including a legislative hearing, and we marked up  legislation aimed at improving the program. Many of the proposals in  our bill, the JOBS for Success Act, were supported by both parties'  witnesses as well: one-on-one casework; measuring outcomes; refocusing  the program on those most in need of assistance; and ensuring States  could use their resources to both help people get to work, and, just as  importantly, stay in the workforce and succeed.   Unfortunately, no one in the Senate took action on TANF until late  last year. When they finally did deliver a proposal, it merely doubled  down on, or attempted to paper over, the ongoing problems of TANF,  which discourage States from helping their beneficiaries, rather than  making a serious effort to help reconnect the population most in need.   Important progress has been made, both since 1996 and in the past  year, but we are not done. I encourage my colleagues to support this  extension and to continue working to refocus TANF to improve the lives  of millions of American families.   More importantly, once this bill is signed, I encourage everyone,  House and Senate, to come together and work with us to achieve  solutions that help to connect Americans on the sidelines of the  economy with the employers who desperately need them and to stay in the  workforce long term.   We all know a check from the government is not the way out of  poverty. Getting into and advancing in the workforce is.   