 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler) for yielding and for his sponsorship of this important  legislation. I rise in strong support.   Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed in May 2017 to oversee  the ongoing criminal and counterintelligence investigation into  Russia's interference in the 2016 election. Over the nearly 2 years  since his appointment, the special counsel has indicted 34 individuals  and three companies, and secured guilty pleas or convictions from eight  individuals.   We do not know when the special counsel will complete his work, but  there are indications that it could occur in the near future.   Notwithstanding the overwhelming public interest in the special  counsel's report and findings, I am deeply concerned that Attorney  General Barr may attempt to withhold Mueller's full report from the  public and the underlying evidence from Congress and could instead seek  to provide only a CliffsNotes version of the report to Congress.   As this resolution makes clear, Congress will not accept any attempt  by Mr. Barr or the President to bury the report and the findings of the  special counsel. Withholding this information would be untenable in  light of the intense public interest and need for transparency, but  particularly so when the Department has provided voluminous production  to Congress at the demand of the previous majority, including sensitive  FISA materials and other classified and law enforcement-sensitive  materials related to the Mueller investigation and the Clinton email  investigation.   Last year, I repeatedly warned Department leadership that, in  providing these materials to Congress, they were establishing a  precedent and one that they would have to live with in the future. They  did so anyway.   While anonymous sources at the Department have attempted to publicly  blame James Comey for the provision of this information, in fact, the  Department has turned over more than 880,000 pages of documents from  the Clinton email investigation to Congress, all of them--all of them-- pursuant to congressional subpoenas issued after James Comey was fired.  They have produced highly sensitive records, including FISA materials,  directly related to ongoing investigations at the core of the special  counsel's charter.   To be sure, something far more serious than precedent is at stake.  Disclosure is uniquely imperative here because the special counsel  reportedly is investigating whether the President himself engaged in  misconduct. If the special counsel has indeed uncovered evidence of  serious wrongdoing on the President's part, then that evidence must be  furnished to Congress and ultimately to the American people.   Withholding the full report or underlying evidence would only  heighten concerns over a coverup or a pernicious or partisan double  standard.   The special counsel's regulations were written, above all, to ensure  public confidence in the fair and impartial administration of justice.  That charge would be entirely vitiated by an attempt to cover up or  conceal Special Counsel Mueller's findings and report, whatever they  may be and whenever they are finalized.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of both parties to join me in supporting  this resolution and to make clear that anything less than full  transparency is unacceptable.   