 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 576, as amended.   This resolution, which mirrors a resolution passed by the Senate  yesterday, expresses the sense of the House that the whistleblower  complaint received by the intelligence community inspector general  should be immediately transmitted to the congressional intelligence  committees.    Madam Speaker, this complaint has given rise to fevered speculation  and frenzied media reporting, much of which is based on a transcript of  the President's phone call released today. It appears to be  exaggerated, misleading, or outright false. It is also serving as a  linchpin of a longstanding attempt by the Democrats to impeach  President Trump and finally achieve their goal of overturning the  results of the 2016 election. The media coverage and the Democrats'  hysterical and politicized response to it is reminiscent of countless  episodes during the course of the Russia collusion hoax. Thus,  Republicans look forward to actually reading the material on which the  Democrats, from a position of ignorance, are basing their unrestrained  accusations.   I should make the House aware that it is roughly 3 o'clock in the  afternoon here in Washington, D.C., and at 4 o'clock this afternoon, in  fact, the DNI is going to transmit the complaint to the Permanent  Select Committee on Intelligence spaces where all the Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence members will have an opportunity to read it.   So, therefore, we have to ask ourselves: Why are we voting on a  resolution that is asking for the very documents that are being sent  over?   They are probably on their way right now, if they are not already  here.   So, with that, I guess it gives an opportunity for the Democrats to  come down and bash the President, which I know they enjoy doing, but in  the meantime, we have no problem with this H. Res. 576, as amended. We  appreciate the majority's accepting our amendment so that it mirrors  exactly what the Senate passed last night.   Madam Speaker, in the meantime, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup), and I ask unanimous consent that he  control that time.   