 Madam President, I rise today to talk about two problems  that are related. These two problems have been spoken about for I think  virtually decades here in this Chamber and across the political  spectrum.   One relates to preserving our extraordinary entitlement programs-- Social Security, Medicare, our highway trust fund, and the like. These  programs are very much under threat because within 13 years, each of  these trust funds, each of these programs will face insolvency.   The other problem I want to talk about is the massive overspending,  the deficit and the debt we have. That is something which Republicans  and Democrats have been speaking about for a long time, although  speaking about it less frequently as of late.   These two problems are related because two-thirds of our spending at  the Federal level is automatic. It is associated with our entitlement  programs. So let me start with the debt.   When I was running for President and when I had the chance also to  run for the Senate, the No. 1 issue among the people in my State was  the issue of whether we would stop spending more money than we take in.  We took in about $3 trillion last year in tax revenue, but we spent  about $4 trillion.   There are some people who have decided to stop thinking about the  deficit, to stop worrying about the debt, but as the debt reaches  almost $23 trillion, it is beginning to be a real issue. I don't think  we are about to face a failed auction where people won't be willing to  buy our debt. We are, after all, the reserve currency of the world, and  people want to have American dollars. But I am concerned that the  interest is beginning to have an enormous impact on our capacity to  meet our priorities.   Last year we spent almost $300 billion on interest on the Federal  debt, and over time, this debt, as we add to it year after year after  year, is going to mean that the burden of interest payments on the  American people will get larger and larger.   There is a small group of people who say: Well, this isn't a problem  because interest rates are so low.   Well, it is not a problem until it becomes a problem, because if  interest rates start creeping up at some point, it can become an  extraordinary burden on the American people.   If we are sending hundreds of billions of dollars to people like the  Chinese, when they use those dollars to confront our military, we have  a real problem leading the free world.   The issue is, how come we can't deal with the debt and the deficits,  and why haven't we been able to do so? There has been effort to talk  about that, even though more recently it has been kind of quiet. It  relates, of course, to what I started to speak about, which are our  trust funds, with Medicare, with Social Security, our retirement  programs. Social Security, the disability program, as well as the  highway trust funds--these are scheduled to run out of money within 13  years.   To deal with this issue, Senator Joe Manchin, Senator Todd Young,  Senator Doug Jones, Senator Kyrsten Sinema, and I have proposed  something called the TRUST Act. It is designed to save the trust funds  associated with these major programs. It is designed to make sure we  have a process for finally getting balance in Social Security--both  trust funds in Social Security, as well as Medicare, as well as the  highway trust fund.   This is an effort that has been undertaken in the past  unsuccessfully, and a lot of people say that it can't be done now. But  it has to be done now. If it is not done now, the burden that will fall  on our seniors eventually will become extraordinary. And the burden  that will fall on the next generation, as they don't know whether  Social Security and Medicare be can be depended upon, is unthinkable.   The approach that Senator Manchin and these other Senators and I have  taken is pretty straightforward. We are not laying out a specific plan  to change these programs. Instead, we have laid out a process for  modernizing these programs.   For each one of these trust funds, our bill proposes that the  leaders--Republicans and Democrats--in both Chambers, House and Senate,  put together a rescue committee. For each trust fund, there will be a  rescue committee that goes to work to see if, on a bipartisan,  bicameral basis, we can come up with a solution to get these trust  funds on a solvent basis for at least 75 years.   That is an effort that will be successful only if both parties agree.  If we do get that agreement in any one or each one of these different  rescue committees, on a privileged basis, their recommendation, their  proposal, their bill will be brought to the floor of the House and  Senate and voted upon.   On that basis, we have a process for actually resolving the  insolvency issue that faces Social Security, Medicare, and the highway  trust fund. We also have a pathway to finally get our budget balanced  and end the extraordinary growth in our debt and the burden the  interest payments are having on the American people today and in the  future.   I look forward to hearing from my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle. I hope we get great support from people who are willing to  sponsor this effort  [[Page S6286]]  to be part of these rescue committees, to go to work to resolve the  impending challenges that we have in these trust funds and in our  overall financial status.   I mentioned the names of the Senators I have been working with to put  together this TRUST Act. I also want to mention a number of  Congresspeople who are helping out and our cosponsors, original  cosponsors:   Mike Gallagher, Ed Case, and Ben McAdams. Again,  Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate--together, I think we can  finally save these essential programs.   With that, I yield the floor.   