 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to join my colleagues  in opposition to the so-called Save the Internet Act. I say ``so- called'' because it really should be called another Big Government  attempt to grab the internet act.   I am disappointed in my colleagues across the aisle who chose to  place partisan politics above the interests of the American people and  refused to work across party lines to codify actual workable solutions  that prevent anticompetitive conduct rather than continuing the  political game of information technology regulatory ping-pong under the  guise of net neutrality.   Let me be clear, I support an open and free internet. However, this  legislation doesn't do that.   What it would do is impose heavy-handed title II regulations on the  internet, which is not only unnecessary, but would actually stall  broadband deployment.   From 1996 to 2015, the internet was thriving. It grew at a rapid,  unprecedented pace and enabled countless innovative technologies that  Americans have come to rely on: connectivity for businesses, students  to do their schoolwork, families and friends staying  connected, telemedicine, and many other everyday conveniences.    However, it was under the Big Government grab of then-FCC Chairman  Wheeler and the classification of broadband as a utility-style  telecommunications service under title II that we saw a decline in  broadband deployment and online innovation and investment.   This is a serious issue, particularly for geographically challenging,  rural areas such as eastern and southeastern Ohio that already struggle  with broadband deployment. The digital divide is very real, and we have  a responsibility to provide solutions, not create additional barriers  to employment, growth, and innovation.   Rural communities don't need or want higher costs and fewer options  than they already have, and that is why I am opposed to this  legislation. As I have stated before, the only saving the internet  needs is from heavy-handed Washington regulations.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this disingenuous  legislation.   