 Today we come together to honor the courage of  our brave men and women in uniform--our heroes--and remember the  victims of the tragic terrorist attack that took place at Naval Air  Station Pensacola on the morning of Friday, December 6.   I would like to thank my colleagues, Senators Rubio, Perdue, Isakson,  Shelby, and Jones, for standing with me today as we honor the sacrifice  and memory of the three victims and their families.   Amn Mohammed Sameh Haitham, known to friends and family as ``Mo,''  was just 19 years old from St. Petersburg, FL. He was a great athlete  who loved to make others laugh.   ENS Joshua Kaleb Watson of Alabama was a 23-year-old natural born  leader and selfless volunteer who had lifted others up. Joshua died a  hero after giving first responders information on the shooter's  location while he was mortally wounded.   Amn Apprentice Cameron Scott Walters of Richmond, GA, was just 21  years old, with a contagious smile. His dream was to serve our country.   Our sailors and law enforcement officials showed heroism and bravery  in the face of evil as they ran toward the shooter that day, saving  lives. To our first responders who came to the swift aid of those in  need, I would like to thank each one of them.   Today, the State of Florida stands united around the community of  Pensacola and the families of victims as we pray for healing. I join my  colleagues as we do everything we can to prevent future terrorist  attacks.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 457, submitted  earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    I yield the floor to Senator Rubio.    Mr. President, Judge Anuraag Singhal has  honorably served the State of Florida for several years, and I proudly  support his confirmation as a district judge for the Southern District  of Florida today. He has built a distinguished legal career, serving as  a criminal prosecutor for Florida's Seventeenth Judicial Circuit and  later opening a private practice focused on criminal defense and  appellate work. Throughout his career, he has demonstrated a firm  commitment to the rule of law, and as Governor of Florida, I had the  distinct honor to appoint Judge Singhal to Florida's Seventeenth  Judicial Circuit court in 2011. I am equally honored to support his  confirmation to the United States District Court for the Southern  District of Florida today and know he will continue to serve our State  and Nation well.   