 Madam President, the Senate is about to vote on the Over- the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2019.   I want to thank my friend and colleague Senator Isakson for his good  work on this for many years, Chairman Alexander, and Ranking Member  Patty Murray.   The current OTC monograph system is broken, and what we are talking  about, in simple form, is literally what is on your pill bottle, that  kind of information.   It is a broken system. The FDA doesn't have the authority to move  swiftly when there is a threat to public health; it doesn't have the  opportunity to update existing monographs; and there is no incentive  for innovation.   This legislation is decades overdue. I am grateful for the good work  of so many who made it possible. It is a commonsense bill, consumer  group supported, industry stakeholder supported, and of course the FDA  not only supports it but needs it.   I will now yield to my friend and colleague, Senator Johnny Isakson.    Madam President, today, the Senate passed S. 2740, the  Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2019,  which will completely overhaul and improve how the Food and Drug  Administration--FDA--regulates over-the-counter--OTC--or  nonprescription, drugs. These medicines are used by Americans every  day, but our regulatory system has been stuck in the 1970s and has not  kept pace with innovation or the need to ensure appropriate consumer  protections. Senator Johnny Isakson and I have been working on this  legislation since 2016.   This legislation creates a modern regulatory system for OTC drugs,  providing the FDA with new resources to be able to review changes to  existing OTC drugs and allow the marketing of new OTC drugs. FDA will  have the authority to take swift action to protect the American public  if a serious problem arises and to make changes to how OTC drugs are  allowed to be sold if the science indicates that the steps are  necessary to ensure that these products are used safely.  [[Page S6945]]    The Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of  2019 establishes a streamlined administrative process which allows the  FDA to modify a drug's safety labeling to address new health risks. The  act is intended to modernize and accelerate regulatory procedures  applicable to OTC drugs and will also allow for increased innovation.  However, patient safety and manufacturer accountability are of equal  importance. As such, nothing in this act is intended to change,  diminish, or prohibit a manufacturer from performing any duty or  complying with any requirement to warn consumers that exists under  State or Federal law or to prevent any labeling changes pursuant to any  other applicable provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act  or FDA regulation. It is imperative that consumers have accurate  information regarding the safety of over-the-counter drugs, and this  bill is intended to improve that process while maintaining the existing  rights of consumers to access the courts and hold manufacturers  accountable when harmed.   This legislation has bipartisan support and also broad support from  key stakeholders in public health, healthcare, and industry. I am  deeply grateful for the work of my colleagues, notably Senator Johnny  Isakson--the bill's sponsor; and the chairman and ranking Member of the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, Senator Lamar  Alexander and Senator Patty Murray, and their staffs for their  continued support for this important effort. As a result of our work,  American consumers will be able to have greater confidence in their  over-the-counter drugs and will benefit from new innovation in the  years to come.   