 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, ISIS took a big hit over the weekend when  U.S. forces raided ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's compound in  Syria. Al-Baghdadi died in the raid after he detonated a suicide vest  in a final act of cowardice, killing three children with him. The  second in command was confirmed killed in a second military strike  hours later, leaving the organization temporarily leaderless.   Over the past few years, ISIS has spilled a river of blood across the  Middle East. Its brutality has set it apart even among other terrorist  organizations. Torture, rape, enslavement, crucifixions, beheadings,  and the deliberate targeting of whole populations based on their  religious beliefs--the list of crimes is long and often nearly  unspeakable.   The world is a safer place today because of al-Baghdadi's death. This  impact will only be temporary unless we dedicate ourselves to ensuring  that ISIS is permanently defeated.   The successful raid on al-Baghdadi's compound is a reminder of the  fact that our military may be called on at a moment's notice to head  halfway around the world to fight evil. The men and women of the U.S.  military stand on guard 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, ready to put  themselves between us and danger.   This past weekend, I had the honor of helping to welcome home 112  South Dakota Army National Guard soldiers of the 147th Forward Support  Company and Bravo Battery of the 147th Field Artillery Battalion. These  citizen soldiers were in Europe for nearly a year working with our NATO  allies and increasing unit readiness.   As Members of Congress, we have no more fundamental responsibility  than ensuring that our men and women in uniform are prepared to meet  any threat. We do that by providing timely and adequate funding for the  current and future needs of our Armed Forces. That means funding the  military through regular order appropriation bills--not through  temporary funding measures that leave the military in doubt about  funding levels and unable to start essential new projects.   Unfortunately, our efforts to fund the military in a timely fashion  have been stymied by Democrats who blocked the Senate from passing the  Defense appropriations bill in September before the end of the fiscal  [[Page S6265]]  year. We are now a month into the new fiscal year, and Democrats are  still indicating that they intend to block this year's Defense  appropriations bill.   Let me briefly review what Democrats are blocking. They are blocking  funding to support a pay increase for our military men and women. They  are blocking funding for weapons and equipment that our troops need  right now. They are blocking investment in the equipment and technology  that our military will need to defeat the threats of the future. They  are blocking funding for missile defense, for research and development,  for ships, planes, and combat vehicles to update our aging fleets, and  they are blocking funding for our allies, including $250 million in  military assistance for Ukraine.   Let me just repeat that last point. Democrats, who are currently  trying to impeach the President for allegedly delaying Ukraine funding,  are currently blocking $250 million in assistance for Ukraine. Now, I  am pretty sure that is the definition, if you look it up, of both irony  and hypocrisy.   Toward the end of the summer, it looked like Democrats might actually  be willing to work with Republicans to pass this year's appropriations  bills. Both Democrats and Republicans agreed to a bipartisan deal  laying out funding levels for both defense and nondefense spending,  but, apparently, that was as far as Senate Democrats were prepared to  go. Now that it has come time to honor the spirit of that agreement and  get this year's Defense appropriations bill done, Senate Democrats are  balking.    Democrats would like us to believe they are serious about  legislating; that their yearslong obsession with impeaching the  President isn't distracting them from doing their job. Well, they are  going to have a chance to prove that in the very near future.   If Democrats are actually serious about legislating, if they are  serious about meeting their responsibilities, then they will work with  Republicans to move forward on the Defense appropriations bill and to  get this legislation to the President as soon as possible. I hope that  is what they will choose to do.   As Chairman Shelby noted on the floor last week, Congress's failure  to do its job and fund our military is making the military's job more  difficult, and that, as Chairman Shelby noted, is unacceptable. It  should be unacceptable to all of us. It is time to get our men and  women in uniform the funding they need and the pay increase they  deserve. It is time to get this year's Defense appropriations bill  done. It is time for the Democrats to stop stalling and foot-dragging  and blocking, and for them to work with us to make sure our men and  women in uniform have what they need to protect Americans and keep us  safe.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy).    Mr. President, the legislation to which the Senator from  Illinois has referred, Senator Lee's bill--Senator Lee is not able to  be here to object, so on his behalf, I object.   