 Mr. President, while Senator Leahy is still on the floor,  I want to thank him for his extraordinary work on the conference  committee to try to resolve our budget impasse. I know he has been  working night and day. He has shared with many of us the work he has  been doing on behalf of getting a budget that reflects the will of this  body and of the House, and hopefully it will be completed before  midnight on Friday.   So I want to personally thank the distinguished Senator, the senior  Senator from Vermont, Mr. Leahy, for the work he has done to keep the  government open, to provide security for our borders, and to make sure  we get all of our appropriations bills done.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed as in  morning business.    Mr. President, 54 years ago, 600 nonviolent protesters  set off to march from Selma to Montgomery, AL, to protest the  disenfranchisement of Black voters in the South.   They got as far as the Edmund Pettus Bridge when they saw police  officers lined up on the other end, waiting with tear gas, clubs, and  dogs. The iconic bridge stood between the police and protesters like a  physical barrier between hope and violence, democracy and second-class  citizenship.   Although the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments--which cemented into law  the freedom, citizenship, and voting rights of Black Americans--passed  nearly 100 years earlier across the country, literacy tests, poll  taxes, violence, and intimidation stood in the way of this  constitutional promise. This was especially true in Alabama.   According to the 1961 Civil Rights Commission report, at the time of  the famous protests, fewer than 10 percent of the voting-age Black  population was registered in Alabama's Montgomery County. This infamous  march from Selma was intended to right the wrong and to shine light on  the injustice of all the many laws that kept voting from being  accessible to Black Americans.   For months leading up to it, a community of activists--led by Martin  Luther King, Jr., and of course our esteemed colleague Representative    John Lewis--carried out voting registration drives and nonviolent  demonstrations, all against the resistance of the local government and  members of the Ku Klux Klan. These efforts laid the groundwork for the  march from Selma, which ended with Alabama State troopers attacking the  protesters.   The images of the State-sponsored violence were shown across the  country, galvanizing the American public in favor of voting rights in a  day that has since become known as Bloody Sunday.   Five months later, on August 6, 1965, the Voting Rights Act was  signed into law. The bill is one of the crowing victories of the civil  rights movement and for our American democracy.   This monumental legislation outlawed the malicious barriers to the  polls and held States accountable for the discriminatory obstacles  imposed on citizens who sought to fulfill their constitutional right.  It opened doors for Black citizens across the South to register, to  cast a vote, or to run for office in higher numbers than ever before.   As we celebrate this February as Black History Month, we must  remember that Black history is American history. We must remember that  too often in our Nation's past, the work to create a more perfect Union  has fallen upon the shoulders of Americans whose full rights of  citizenship were discounted simply because of the color of their skin.  The right to vote is a fundamental American tenet. Yet it has  historically been denied to men and women of color.   We must remember that when we tell stories of those who fought and  struggled to secure voting rights in our Nation's past, it is because  their stories serve as a precursor to our own.   Today voting rights are still under attack. Many who survived the  brutal attack on Bloody Sunday and lived to see the passage of the  Voting Rights Act have also lived to see the same monumental bill  weakened by the 2013 Shelby County Supreme Court decision.   They have watched our President and Republican legislators tout myths  of voter fraud to justify strict voter ID laws, partisan  gerrymandering, and limited access to voting information. These efforts  undoubtedly disadvantage Black Americans more than most and put a  scourge on the system that defines our democracy. It is an insult to  those who were robbed of their freedom and oftentimes their lives to  create a more equal future.   One such example of modern voter disenfranchisement can be found in  the fact that the United States denies voting rights to citizens with  felony convictions. We are one of the exceedingly few Western  democracies that permanently strip citizens of their right to vote as a  punishment for their crimes.   Let's be clear. We are not talking about voting rights for felons  currently incarcerated; we are talking about voting rights for those  who have served their time and have since been released, attained jobs,  raised a family, paid taxes, and moved on with their lives. Under the  current law in 34 States, these individuals are still denied the right  to vote, and that is simply unfair and undemocratic.   Black History Month demands that we bring this injustice to light  because felony disenfranchisement disproportionately affects men and  women of color. One out of thirteen Black Americans is currently unable  to vote because of a prior conviction for which they have already  served time--a rate that is more than four times greater than the non- Black Americans.   Right now, in total, more than 2 million Americans are unable to vote  because of prior convictions, despite having already served their time  and paying their debt to society. That is why this year I will again be  introducing the Democracy Restoration Act, a bill that would restore  voting rights to individuals after they have been released and returned  to their community.   I am committed to seeing this legislation passed. My hope is that  Black History Month inspires all of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to join me.   We must also combat efforts to intimidate and disenfranchise voters.  That is why last year I introduced legislation that would prohibit and  penalize knowingly spreading misinformation, such as incorrect polling  locations, times, or the necessary forms of identification. This  Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation Act will prohibit and  penalize intentionally and knowingly spreading misinformation to voters  that is intended to suppress the vote, including the time and place of  an election and restrictions on voter eligibility.   Reliably, these tactics always seem to target minority neighborhoods  and are blatant attempts to reduce turnout. Such tactics undermine and  corrode our very democracy and threaten the integrity of our electoral  system.   In Stacey Abrams' response to the State of the Union last week, she  said that ``the foundation of our moral leadership around the globe is  free and fair  [[Page S1298]]  elections, where voters pick their leaders--not where politicians pick  their voters.'' This is precisely why I have chosen to speak out about  voting rights this month--because this issue defines our moral and  democratic character as a nation and because it is an area where we  still have so much work left to do.   Casting a vote is one of the most basic and fundamental freedoms in  any democracy, and Congress has the responsibility to ensure the right  is protected.   Congress has the responsibility to remove barriers to voting and make  it easier for people to register to vote, cast their vote, and make  sure their votes are counted. No one can appreciate the need for us to  meet this responsibility better than Black Americans whose collective  story is one of triumph over racist laws and undemocratic norms.   On Black History Month, Congress must vow to follow their example and  work together across party lines to make voting easier, fairer, and  more accessible to all.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   