 Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about a bill we  should pass this week--I believe we will pass this week--for the 59th  straight year.   There are very few things we authorize every year--frankly, there are  very few things we need to authorize every year--but the authorizing  bill in defense is the opportunity for the country and the Congress to  look at what we need to do now that is more appropriate than what we  needed to do a year ago to defend the country.   Certainly the men and women who serve in the military do that job in  a selfless way, and they deserve the best we can do to be sure they are  never involved in an unfair fight. We want to be sure they are always  involved in a fight in which they have every possible advantage. They  put their lives on the line to keep us safe, and it is up to us to be  sure they have the equipment, the training, and the authorization they  need and the authorities they need to carry out their work.   Every year about this time, we move toward the authorizing of what  the Congress thinks the military needs. That is followed later by an  appropriations bill that is directed in substantial ways by what this  bill says should happen. In fact, the only thing the appropriations  bill normally does is determine whether it can all be funded and in  what segments it is to be funded.   We are debating this bill. I hope both Chambers--the House and the  Senate--can pass this authorization bill as we move on to our next step  in this process of defending the country.   I think you can argue about almost anything else the Federal  Government does, but the No. 1 priority of the Federal Government is to  defend the country--the No. 1 thing that we clearly cannot do by  ourselves; the No. 1 thing that State and local government can be a  partner in on some occasions, but it is not their responsibility, and  they do not have the capacity to do what we need to do to defend the  country. So we are here to take this important step in that.   This version, the Senate's version for this year, authorizes $750  billion to support the Department of Defense and the nuclear and other  defense responsibilities of the Department of Energy. Our adversaries  are clearly increasing their military capabilities and their military  commitments, and we need to be prepared to do just the same.   The burden of defending the country is an important one, and,  frankly, it falls on a very small percentage of our population. About  one-half of 1 percent of the American people serve in the military. We  owe an obligation to that one-half of 1 percent to do our best for  them.   This bill supports an across-the-board pay increase of 3.1 percent--a  little more than inflation. It is the largest increase in nearly a  decade at a time when the people who serve see challenges in more areas  than we have seen in a while and coming from different directions than  we have seen in a while.   This bill reforms military housing. Leader after leader in the  military will tell us and make the point that the strength of the  military is military families. So in military housing, particularly the  family housing, there was thought to be a great idea a couple of  decades ago to privatize family housing. For a couple of years, it  looked like a great idea, but I think it is time we look again at our  housing obligations and how they are being met.   We need to look at what we can do to be sure that the spouses of  those serving have an opportunity, when they are transferred to a new  location, to be able to get to work as quickly as possible in the field  they are prepared to work in. In Missouri, in January of this year, the  first spouse of someone who had been transferred to our State was sworn  in immediately to the bar so she could immediately begin practicing  law. Like any attorney, there are probably some future legal training  requirements during the course of the following months. But to be able  to go to work--whether as a medical technician or a doctor or a lawyer  or an electrician or a welder--should be a priority of the country.   I asked Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, when she testified  before the committee: What is the best thing we can do for military  families? I sponsored some legislation a few years ago so that military  families can move earlier or stay longer for a job, for work, or for  school. That makes a  [[Page S4533]]  difference to their families. If you need to go 2 months earlier than  your serving spouse to get started in the school year at the right time  or if you need to stay 2 months later or need up to 6 months of  transition time, that is available now. Of course, that is beginning to  have an impact on people's decision to stay in the military, if their  family is considered as a priority and flexibility is part of that  priority.   I asked Secretary Wilson for two things that we still need  improvement on. One was to be sure to have the best schools possible  near those military bases, and two was to be sure that spouses can go  to work and that they can go to work, if they want to go to work, in  the area they are trained for. So this allows for more effort to be  made, to be sure that we are working with the Council of State  Governments on a certification program where you could move to a State  and quickly be doing that. Reciprocal opportunities for that quick  transition is important.   There are changes in this bill that support families with special  needs and support how you deal with a childcare provider on a military  base, and there are things here to enhance suicide prevention and  family advocacy programs. These are all critical, not only for people  serving but for people wanting to continue to serve.   As I said before, the military family is one of our Nation's greatest  assets, and the serving spouse is not the only one serving. The serving  spouse is not the only one transferred to a new military location. The  serving spouse is not the only one who has to be happy with the  commitment to decide that you are going to go ahead and reenlist, and  we need to be aware of that.   This legislation supports military construction projects, including  the Army National Guard Readiness Center in Springfield, MO, where I  live; the vehicle maintenance facility at Whiteman Air Force Base in  our State; and the C-130 flight simulator facility at Rosecrans in St.  Joe. They are all included in this authorization project. Projects like  these are necessary to ensure that our military is ready to fight and  also to support their needs when they are at home.   America's defense posture includes what is known as the nuclear  triad. This means that we have three ways we can deliver a nuclear  warhead. We hope to never have to have that happen. But if our  adversaries have this capacity, our capacity has to exceed theirs, and  this bill ensures that that continues to be the case.   The 509th and the 131st Bomb Wings at Whiteman Air Force Base host  one of the legs of that triad. Earlier this year, the Air Force  announced that Missouri will host the B-2's replacement. The principal  B-2 location at Whiteman Air Force Base will host the B-21 Raider as it  becomes available to replace that plane that has served the country for  so long. I am proud to support what we need to do to make that  transition.   There are other aircraft that we need to be sure have a viable part  in the country's future. The NDAA bill we are talking about provides an  additional 24 F-18 Super Hornets to the Navy and begins the purchase of  8 F-15s for the Air Force. All those planes are made in St. Louis.   The bill also includes critical mission support for the A-10 Warthog,  a plane that our colleague Senator McSally is pleased to have flown and  flown well. By the way, I had a chance to introduce her the other day,  and I almost ran out of firsts. She was the first woman to fly in  combat and the first woman to command a combat unit in combat. She has  356 combat hours that she herself flew. She is the first person, of 260  senior military officers, to graduate No. 1 in that advanced training  class.   The Missouri National Guard also flies the A-10. I have been with  them when they were flying in Eastern Europe. That A-10 capacity  continues to be critical.   The NDAA authorizes missile programs between the United States and  Israel, where we have actually learned that you can target an incoming  missile. Things like the Iron Dome, Arrow 3, David's Sling, have all-- fortunately for Israel, fortunately for our military capacity--been  proven to work against incoming missiles. These programs help Israel  defend itself. They also increase our capability to do what they need  to do.   Finally, Senator Hawley from Missouri, Senator Manchin from West  Virginia, and I have proposed an amendment to the NDAA to make May 1  Silver Star Service Banner Day. Along with Senator McCaskill, my  colleague who just left, I have been doing this annually for some time.  We think this would be a great year to make this a permanent  recognition of the Silver Star families.   I would particularly like to recognize Diana Lynn Newton, the  cofounder of Silver Star Families of America, who passed away earlier  this year. She and her husband Steve were the driving force behind the  organization, and they helped thousands of veterans who were otherwise  getting very little recognition for their Silver Star service. We are  saddened by that loss. Hopefully, one of the things we will do in this  bill to recognize her great commitment is to make the Silver Star  recognition day an annual event.   There are bipartisan priorities here in this bill that deal with the  needs of the military and their families. The pay raise is a  significant part of this bill. But being sure that the No. 1 job of the  Federal Government--defending the country--continues to be recognized  as the No. 1 job makes this unique annual reauthorization of the  Defense bill so important. I look forward to seeing this Congress pass  this bill this week in the Senate and, hopefully, soon after that, in  both the Senate and the House.   I yield the floor.   