 Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Alabama (Ms. Sewell).    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on H. Res. 576.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, we are here today because, over a month ago, a  courageous employee or detailee or contractor within the intelligence  community brought to the inspector general a complaint that the  inspector general reviewed. He had 14 days to review that complaint.   The inspector general found that complaint credible, found that  complaint urgent, and found that that complaint should be provided to  Congress, as the whistleblower intended.   That complaint then went to the Director of National Intelligence,  who had 1 week to review it. Then the statute says that complaint shall  be provided to the committee--not ``may,'' not ``might,'' not ``if the  DOJ doesn't write an opinion,'' not ``if the White House doesn't like  it.'' It says ``shall'' transmit to the committee.   The reason Congress wrote the statute that way is that, particularly  in the intelligence community, we are reliant on whistleblowers.  Through the vast majority of our hearings, there are no witnesses. They  are not conducted in open session. There are not outside stakeholders  who can tell us that what this agency represented or that agency said  is not correct.   We are reliant on the intelligence community to self-report, and most  of the time they do. When they don't, we are completely reliant on  whistleblowers. If the whistleblower process doesn't work, if the  subject of a complaint by a whistleblower can be held up by the subject  of that complaint--that is, if the whistleblower says that the  impropriety that they have evidence of was committed by X person, and X  person is given the discretion to decide whether Congress ever sees  that report--that system is broken. That is certainly not how Congress  intended it.   Presuming that this complaint involves the conversation that we are  now witness to because some readout of that conversation was made  public, that whistleblower may have been trying to communicate to  Congress that the President of the United States was pressuring a  foreign President to manufacture dirt on his political opponent for  help in his Presidential campaign and doing so at a time when the  President of the United States was withholding military support that we  approved on a bipartisan basis.   Now we see that readout says that, after the Ukraine President  expressed the need for further arms to the United States, our President  said: We are doing a lot for Ukraine. We are doing more for Ukraine  than other countries. But you know something? There is not much  reciprocity here. I have a favor I would like to ask. I want you to  investigate my opponent, and I am going to have my Attorney General and  my personal lawyer follow up with you.   This was the constant theme of the President's request to the  President of Ukraine. It wasn't, what are the national security needs  of Ukraine? It wasn't, what are the economic needs of Ukraine? It  wasn't, what are the separatists doing in Ukraine?   It was: This is what I want from you. I have done so much for  Ukraine. We have done so much for Ukraine. This is what we want of you.   The idea that a complaint with these allegations, if indeed this  complaint is about this call, would be withheld from Congress and would  be withheld on the basis of an opinion written by the Attorney General,  someone who was mentioned in that very conversation, screams of  conflict of interest, if not far worse.   When we brought this resolution up a month after this complaint was  filed, and we brought it up in the Rules Committee last night, the  argument was that this is premature. The argument here today is that  this is postmature. I guess this is never mature. It is never mature  for the Congress to insist that the Director follow the law.   Apparently, we need second opinions on whether ``shall'' really means  ``shall.'' That is why we are here.   If we don't validate the whistleblower process, if we leave the  whistleblower unprotected, even as the President suggests that the  whistleblower has somehow betrayed his or her country, that system is  broken, meaning corruption will not be exposed. The corruption here  involves the suborning of our national security to our President's  political needs. That is what is at stake here.    Madam Speaker, that is why I urge my colleagues to support this  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, with respect to my colleague, the only  corruption the President seems to be concerned about is corruption that  he is not involved with, and that seems to be an increasingly narrow  category.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Carson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Quigley).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Speier).    Madam Speaker, I am proud to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Swalwell).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Castro).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Vermont (Mr. Welch).    Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Himes), and I ask unanimous consent  that he may control that time.   