 Mr. President, I appreciate what the Democratic leader  just said about the flavored e-cigarettes, and I, too, commended the  Trump administration yesterday for taking this action. It is a big deal  in our high schools in Ohio and in other venues as well, and this will  help to keep a lot of young people from engaging in this, which is bad  for their health. Certainly, just like cigarette smoke, it also leads  to addictions. I commend him for that.   The Democratic leader also talked about the fact that President Trump  has been tougher on China than any previous President in modern times,  certainly, and that is also true. Let's all hope the Chinese Government  comes to the table in the next few weeks, as they get back to their  discussions, ready to actually address some of these issues,  particularly, the issue of their subsidies, which are contrary to our  laws, but also the international rules, the technology transfer, and  the taking of our intellectual property. These are changes in the  structure of our trade relationship that are required for us to get to  that level playing field that all of us should want.   I also agree about the notion that we should have more reciprocity.  If they are keeping our stuff out, we should be able to respond in  kind. Ultimately, we all want a resolution to this issue. We want the  tariffs to be eliminated, but we want to do it on a basis where there  is actually fair trade between our two countries.   With regard to the appropriations process, I, too, am hopeful we can  get something done here on a bipartisan basis. The Democratic leader  suggested  [[Page S5457]]  we might end up with a government shutdown. We should never end up with  a government shutdown. It is terrible policy. It hurts government  workers. It is bad for taxpayers.   We will be issuing a report from the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations tomorrow in this regard to show how the last three  government shutdowns have resulted in tremendous pain, not just to  those who get furloughed and those who work without pay but also to the  taxpayer, and they are fairly inefficient. Let's not even talk about a  government shutdown. Why are we going down this road?   