 Mr. President, over the weekend, as you may have heard,  our government set a new record. It wasn't for the number of roads  being built or repaired in this country. It wasn't for higher math  scores or graduation rates for kids in the United States of America. It  wasn't for passing the most bills or investing the most dollars in our  future. It wasn't for paying attention to the next generation of  Americans. It was for the longest shutdown in the history of the United  States--a selfish act taken by partisan politicians that is an  embarrassment to our country and to our future.   It has been 24 days. We have Federal employees all over the State of  Colorado and I am sure the State of Alaska, the Commonwealth of  Virginia, as we heard before, who are out of work because of what  Washington has done to them. It is nothing they have done. They have  fulfilled their end of the bargain. But because we have a screw loose  around here because we are the only modern, industrialized country in  the world that shuts down its government for politics--our allies don't  shut down their government for politics, and our foes don't shut down  their government for politics. No local government shuts down its  government for politics. No school district shuts down its government  for politics. No State would ever think of doing it. No elected  official at any level of those governments would show their face in the  grocery store on the weekend after they shut down the government and  said to the citizens of Alamosa or the citizens of Durango or the  parents in Denver public schools: Sorry. Your kids can't come to school  today because we are shutting down the government for politics.   It is ridiculous.   I met an air traffic controller today who got her check on Friday  after she worked through the entire holiday. She had a kid. I don't  know how old he was, but he was a baby who had to be carried. She  worked the entire holiday, was separated from her family, got her check  on Friday, and it was for 77 cents. The people in this body might as  well be standing outside and lifting their middle finger at her and at  the TSA workers who were there today at Denver International Airport  making sure that we were safe, that the traveling public was safe, and  who were not getting paid, unlike the people here during this shutdown.   By the way, that airport, which we are very proud of in Denver and in  Colorado, the Denver International Airport, is the newest airport that  has been built in the United States of America, and it was built almost  a quarter of a century ago because we are not making the investments  that anybody else in the world is making.   As I said, no other advanced country in the world shuts down its  government for politics. I expect us to have disagreements. We should  have disagreements, but we shouldn't shut down the government over this  disagreement. It has been 24 days.   While we were shut down, other countries were actually investing in  their future.   In the last 24 days, South Korea broke ground on an expanded bullet  train outside their capitol of Seoul.   While we were shut down, Canada announced support for a new 5- megawatt geothermal plant--the first of its kind in that country.   India issued tenders to set up 7.5 gigawatts of new solar capacity.  [[Page S183]]    New Zealand announced millions in new resources to improve the safety  of rural highways.   You should see our rural highways. And it is not just this shutdown;  it is a decade--a decade of fiscal fights made in the name of fiscal  responsibility that have put us in the position for the first time  since the Vietnam war and before the Vietnam war to see our  unemployment rate falling and the deficit going up.   This same wrecking crew who called Barack Obama a Socialist and a  Bolshevik and was incapable of bringing themselves to help at a moment  when our unemployment rate was at 10 percent and we were at the depths  of the worst recession since the Great Depression has now closed the  government and given us a $1.5 to $2 trillion deficit while the  unemployment rate is falling. And every one of them promised their  constituents and my constituents that these tax cuts would pay for  themselves.   God knows, when they add it up, what this shutdown is going to cost  the American people. It is not saving them money.   Vietnam opened a new international airport near Halong Bay to attract  tourists and boost the economy.   Singapore is preparing an Underground Master Plan to maximize its  urban space by moving things like data centers, utilities, and water  reservoirs below ground.   A new report shows that for the first time ever, Germany drew more  energy from renewable sources than coal in 2018.   Ireland, in contrast to what I was just saying about the United  States of America, ended the year with a budget surplus. Imagine the  flexibility it gives legislators and policymakers there to think, what  are we going to do with this surplus? How are we going to invest in the  next generation? How are we going to shore up our equivalent of Social  Security? Maybe we can have a real middle-class tax cut or lift some  people out of poverty in our country. We can't ask those questions  today because of our fiscal imbalance and because the Government of the  United States is shut down.   While we were shut down, other countries moved forward with a trade  partnership that excludes the United States. Once it is fully in place,  it will represent a trading block of nearly half a billion consumers  whom our manufacturers should be selling to and our small businesses  should be exporting to.   Not surprisingly, China has been extremely busy over the last 24 days  while we have been shut down. While we have been shut down, China  landed a spacecraft on the dark side of the Moon. That has never  happened before in human history. There was a time in our history--you  will remember it--when the Russians launched Sputnik. That caught our  imagination. John F. Kennedy said: We are going to put a man on the  Moon within the decade. That is what he said. That is what we did. Now,  because of the fecklessness of this Congress, did you know that America  cannot send an astronaut into space without asking the Russians for  permission to ride on one of their rockets?   A whole generation of Americans that I was part of was inspired by  the space mission that NASA led. Unfortunately, in my case, it did not  lead me to understand anything about mathematics or science, but it  inspired us as Americans to have a big vision for what our country  could do and for what our country could do in competition with our  adversaries around the world.   Do you think the Chinese are not observing what we are doing while  they are putting a rocket, a spaceship on the dark side of the Moon for  the first time in human history--something they will always be able to  claim; something we will never be able to claim? Do you think the  Russians know that we can't put somebody up on the space station if we  want to, that we have to wait for them to let us do it? Just after they  put that spaceship on the other side of the moon, China announced that  it is planning another mission to the moon by the end of the year and a  mission to Mars by as early as 2020.    It announced that it is planning to invest in 4,200 miles of new  railway lines this year, including almost 2,000 miles of high-speed  rail. Do you know how many more that is than we have? About 2,000, and  that says nothing about the investments that they have already made.   They have begun operating new high-speed rail lines in East China and  Northern China with initial speeds of 155 miles per hour while our  government is closed. That is another plan; that is another set of  tracks. China has plans for a 6-gigawatt wind farm on the border with  Mongolia that, once completed, would become the largest in the world.  China continues its pursuit of a vast space-based communications  network that will cover every inch of the Earth. If we are not  careful--if we are not careful--they are going to deploy 5G a lot more  quickly than we will. That is what the rest of the world is doing while  we are shut down.   My view of this is that we don't need to wait for the President on  this. That is what the majority leader keeps saying. He keeps saying:  Well, I can't pass something the President will veto because it will  not become law.   I don't understand the logic of that, speaking of math. We passed a  bill in this Senate--this Republican-controlled Senate; I think it was  virtually unanimously--to keep the government open. The House of  Representatives passed a very similar bill to keep the government open,  and in the middle of this, in the midst of all of this, President Trump  said: I am not going to accept that because I am going to use this  moment to extort Congress for $5 billion for my wall.   He said to the people he refers to as ``Chuck and Nancy'': Give me  the $5 billion.   They said: Why don't you just open the government? The Senate has  passed it almost unanimously, and the House has passed it.   His answer was ``because I will lose leverage,'' meaning: I will not  have the misery I am creating for the Federal workforce. I will not  have people who can't pay their mortgage, who can't pay for their early  childhood education, who can't pay for their education. I will not have  their misery to use to extort Members of Congress into giving me $5  billion for my wall.   This is notwithstanding the fact that he promised over and over and  over again when he was running for President that Mexico would pay for  the wall. That is not my talking point; that is not my coming out here  and being unfair and trying to exploit a weakness or a misstatement. I  think it is fair to say that almost all of his campaign was based on  the idea that there was going to be a wall and that Mexico was going to  pay for the wall. He could not have been clearer about that.   Now he's trying to shut down the government because he knows that  Mexico will not pay for the wall. The rest of us knew the whole time he  was telling America untruths about it. He has now turned, instead, to  the American taxpayer to say: OK. I wasn't telling the truth about it  then, but don't pay any attention to that. You now have to pay for the  wall.   Our first response to that is: No, you haven't even spent the money  that has been appropriated for the wall to date. He has not built an  inch of the wall. Look it up.   The second problem is that anybody who has studied this question for  any moment of time knows that his proposal is a waste of money for the  United States. I am not going to be lectured by anybody on the other  side about the need for border security. I was part of the Gang of 8  that negotiated the immigration bill in 2013. That was a bill that had  not $5 billion of border security in it, not $2.3 billion of border  security in it, but $46 billion of border security. It got 68 votes in  the Senate, never went to the House, was never allowed to have a vote  because of the tyranny of the so-called Hastert rule, which requires  people not to vote their conscience but to vote only along party and  partisan lines--another disgraceful chapter in modern American  political history. That $46 billion in that bill doubled the number of  security agents at our border. It built 350 miles of what the President  now refers to as steel slats, as if he invented that idea. It made sure  we could see every single inch of our border.   If the Chinese are going to be able to see every single inch of the  world, the least we could do is see every inch of our border, and in  that bill we were able to do that.  [[Page S184]]    Meanwhile, he tells his base--and FOX News repeats it every single  night--that Democrats are for open borders; Democrats are for  terrorists pouring in over the southern border.   I have become convinced--and we spent years working on immigration,  years working on border security, years working with my most cherished  Republican colleagues on this issue in a bipartisan way--that the  President doesn't want the wall. He wants the entertainment of the  wall. He wants to rally his base around the wall. Meanwhile, he is  taking the leading economy in the world, a country with the largest  capacity for self-defense in human history, and he has shut down its  government over a $5 billion, phony wall. It is a disgrace.   It is a disgrace for all hard-working Federal workers--and their  families who depend on them--who are out of work, who are being  furloughed, who aren't being paid. It is a disgrace for every person  who works in State and local governments and in school districts all  across this Nation, who would never think about shutting down their  government but who understand what they possess as civil servants is a  sacred trust to their community and to the next generation of  Coloradans or of folks from New Hampshire or of Alaskans or of  Americans.   We can't wait for the President--and I will finish with this--because  he either doesn't want the wall or he doesn't have the capacity to get  to a solution to it.   So we have to do our work as Senators. We have to vote to reopen the  government. If that were put on the floor tomorrow, it would pass, and  I will bet that it would pass with a veto-proof majority. Why? Because  the constituents of everybody in this place would say: Are you out of  your mind? Don't come back here and have another townhall and explain  why you shut down the government over politics.   Instead, Democrats and Republicans should come together in this  Chamber and set an example for the American people and say: All is not  lost. This exercise in a democratic Republic is going to live to fight  another day. We have come to our senses. We are not going to beat our  own constituents to death for the purpose of empty partisan slogans or  ideas that aren't going to advance the interests of the next generation  of Americans.   I worry every night that I am here about what kind of history the  next generation of Americans is going to write, about what we did when  it was our responsibility to make sure that we fulfilled our commitment  to them, the same ones that generation after generation after  generation of Americans have fulfilled for people who came after them.  That is what it means to be a citizen in a Republic like ours.   We are violating every norm of that approach to the work and allowing  our competitors around the world to create advantages for themselves  and potential liabilities for us. We shouldn't let this thing go into  the 25th day or 26th day or 27th day. We should end it now.   I yield the floor.   