 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mental Health  Awareness Month.   At the outset, I want to thank my colleague, Mrs. Napolitano, for  being a partner in this and a leader in this issue for a long time. I  am honored to speak with her on this issue. Many of my comments today  are going to echo the sentiments that she just spoke here in Congress,  but it bears repeating, in my own words.   Throughout May, my colleagues and I will bring attention to the  impact of mental illness on American society, as well as Congress' role  in addressing mental healthcare issues facing the country. It is an  honor to collaborate with my colleagues in the Congressional Mental  Health Caucus, including Mrs. Napolitano, to raise awareness for mental  illness, reduce the stigma surrounding mental illness, and create  legislation that improves mental health outcomes for all Americans.   Mental illnesses have a devastating effect on those struggling to  live with them. This includes changes in mood, social interactions,  sleep patterns, and eating habits. Sadly, the most extreme consequences  that occur all too often for mental illness are when individuals  inflict self-injury or take their life.   Here are some statistics that should stun everybody.   Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death, and it is the 2nd leading  cause of death among Americans aged 24 and younger. Let me repeat that.  The 10th leading cause of death for all Americans is suicide, and for  Americans aged 24 and younger, it is the 2nd leading cause of death.  That is stunning.   Approximately 1.4 million Americans attempt suicide each year, and  over 47,000 Americans lose their life to suicide each and every year.   The United States has 3,700 suicide attempts daily and 129 suicide  deaths per day. This equates to one suicide every 12 minutes. By the  time I finish this speech, statistics will have it that another person  will have taken their life. That should wake people up in this country.   Not only does suicide have severe emotional costs on families and  communities, it also has a huge cost to our economy. It is estimated  that suicide and self-injury reduce the economic output of the United  States by nearly $70 billion a year.   The suicide epidemic is responsible for nearly the same amount of  deaths in the United States as another major crisis, one that gets far  more attention, and rightfully so, that being the opioid epidemic. It  is estimated that opioids were the cause of 47,600 deaths in America  last year, only a few hundred more than suicide.   While solving the opioid crisis has received ample funding and  attention, and rightfully so, reducing suicide and improving mental  health treatment deserves the same recognition. We fall far short of  that now, far short of that.   To give you an example, the Zika virus came about in this country,  and, of course, it was a terrible virus with terrible consequences.  Congress  [[Page H3495]]  promptly enacted $1.6 billion to address it. A total of one person died  from the Zika virus. Of course, there were many other health problems  that were attributed to it.    Again, the $1.6 billion that was appropriated was rightfully so.  Nowhere near that much is appropriated for mental health and suicide  research on a yearly basis. The National Institutes of Health needs the  money.   Congress has a responsibility to assist individuals experiencing  mental health challenges through effective legislation and research  subsidies. Congress should advance policies that increase America's  access to mental healthcare treatment as a mechanism for preventing  self-harm incidents and suicide attempts.   Just one-third of Americans with mental illness receive treatment-- just one-third. Our country is in desperate need of additional trained  therapists, psychologists, and counselors. This lack of access can be  partly attributed to a shortage of mental healthcare professionals in  certain communities.   In order to establish a more reliable supply of mental healthcare  professionals, Congresswoman Grace Napolitano and I recently introduced  the Mental Health Professionals Workforce Shortage Loan Repayment Act  of 2019.   Our bill delivers professionals to areas that require mental  healthcare experts the most by forgiving their secondary education  student loans. It invests in bolstering our mental health workforce,  while expanding treatment for Americans with mental illness.   I am proud to stand by my colleague across the aisle, Grace  Napolitano, in pushing this most important bill.   Americans across the country, regardless of age, social status, or  background, are affected by mental illness. Mental Health Awareness  Month serves as an opportunity for any of my congressional colleagues,  Republican or Democrat, to join the conversation.   I can't think of a more bipartisan action than what we are talking  about today. Together--together--we can improve mental health outcomes  for Americans across the country by engaging in thoughtful discussion  and crafting efficient policies.   Finally, it is an honor, once again, to co-chair the Congressional  Mental Health Caucus with Congresswoman Napolitano. I am grateful for  her continued leadership, her commitment to this issue, her  stewardship, and her mentorship to me on it, as well.   