 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am truly saddened this evening to rise in opposition  to what should be a humanitarian assistance bill for those who are  suffering at our southern border.   For over 50 days, my Republican colleagues have been begging the  House majority, begging them to deliver badly needed relief to our  agencies on the southern border that are overwhelmed by a record number  of migrants.   For over 50 days, the majority has remained silent while our agencies  ran out of resources and migrant children suffered from a lack of  sufficient resources to properly care for them.   The Speaker talked about keeping America safe. Hardly. She said that  this is a vote for the children, the children, the children. At the  same time, she is asking us to vote for a bill that withholds resources  from the very agencies that are responsible for the care, custody, and  control of those who are suffering at the border.   I am really glad, Madam Speaker, that, finally, my colleagues across  the aisle have recognized this is a crisis at the southern border. It  is not a manufactured crisis, as they claimed it was for over 2 months.  But this bill does nothing to solve that crisis.   It is nothing more than a political messaging bill for a large-scale  disinformation campaign about that humanitarian crisis, which my  colleagues across the aisle, again, once called a manufactured crisis.   Specifically, this bill restricts DHS from sending additional  employees to the southern border. Congress is now going to tell DHS how  to deploy their staffing. That is amazing.   It withholds overtime funds for exhausted officers. It provides money  to inspect DHS but provides nothing--can't use a dime--to investigate  human trafficking. When we know that these children who are suffering  are being trafficked across that southern border, there is not a dime  to go after those traffickers.   ICE has asked for 54,000 beds to handle this surge and alleviate the  overcrowding, but the majority only gives them, in the previous  underlying bill in appropriations, 34,000 beds, not the 54,000 that  they asked for, 34,000 with another 7,000 contingent.   The Speaker and the majority want to listen to the United Nations  High Commissioner for Refugees, but they do not want to listen to our  own DHS agencies that are on that border and responsible for care,  custody, and control of those individuals.   Finally, there is no funding for extra judges to help process more  than 100,000 migrants per month.   What we need is proper assistance, not political messaging. I spent  my entire adult career in law enforcement, and I know that giving money  with burdensome strings is not leadership. It is not the way to get  things done. We have to allow the folks on the ground the flexibility  to do their jobs, or we are simply wasting taxpayers' hard-earned money  and, more importantly, wasting precious time. We have wasted 2 months  as the situation at the southern border has only worsened.   I can assure my colleagues that the agents on the ground have a  better idea of what is needed to be done than Washington bureaucrats or  the U.N. commissioner. Unfortunately, there are many in this  legislative body who despise our President so much that they are  willing to suffocate our agencies with inadequate funding and  regulations that endanger the safety of both migrants and our  surrounding communities. Yet, they are not just poking the President in  the eye.     With this bill, they are impairing our DHS men and  women on the ground who are trying desperately to manage this  humanitarian crisis at the border. They are poking them in the eye,  also.   ICE, DHS, and HHS employees provide care for every single man, woman,  and child who crosses into our country. They deserve our support. What  they need are the resources to do their job effectively, and this bill  does not provide that.   It is frustrating to listen to.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    I am in its current form.    Madam Speaker, my motion is very simple. I propose to  add $64 million to the operations and support account for Immigration  and Customs Enforcement for basic pay and overtime, bringing the total  for pay up to the President's request.   Immigration and Customs Enforcement is a law enforcement organization  with a legislative mandate to uphold the laws of this country. Officers  at the border are tasked with transporting families from the intake  facilities and moving kids out of DHS custody and into HHS children's  care sites.   Further, Immigration and Customs Enforcement is working to combat  human trafficking at our border. Over the past 2 months, enforcement  officers uncovered 735 fraudulent documented fake families.   These traffickers are exploiting our laws and forcing our children to  make this dangerous journey north in hopes that they will be released  into our country.   ICE plays a vital role in stopping trafficking and punishing those  who traffic in innocent children. I suggest if the majority truly cares  about these children, vote ``yes'' on this amendment to give ICE the  resources and the pay to stop human traffickers.   Madam Speaker, I have been to the border and I have seen the hard  work that these officers do. Officers are working overtime to process  the record number of migrants trying to enter through our southern  border. However, Madam Speaker, this bill does not fairly compensate  ICE officers for their additional hard work going after human  traffickers, and I ask Members to vote ``yes'' for the children, for  the children, for the children.   As a lifetime law enforcement officer, not paying these officers for  their work is unacceptable. We would never treat our local law  enforcement officers like this back home. These hardworking men and  women should not be punished by the partisan politics in Washington.   Madam Speaker, we are asking those on the ground to do a job, and  this Congress has a responsibility to compensate them. I urge my  colleagues to support this motion and vote ``yes'' to pay our Federal  law enforcement officers for the work they do each and every day  keeping this country safe.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   