 Madam President, I rise today to offer brief remarks on  the nomination of Eric Miller to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for  the Ninth Circuit.   I have concerns about Mr. Miller's controversial record--some of his  ideas and his jurisprudence--which I have spoken to on the Senate  Judiciary Committee, which informed my vote against him on the  committee.   But today, I want to speak about my reservations about this body's  moving forward with his confirmation, given that neither of his home  State Senators have returned a blue slip.   Let me briefly talk about what a blue slip is and why it matters. It  is not in the Constitution. It was not something imagined by the  Founders. It was something developed by the Members of this body to put  one further bumper on the power of the President to nominate Federal  judges and then for the Senate to carry out its constitutional advice  and consent role. For a long time, it worked fine, and I actually had a  terrific experience with the blue-slip process. Don McGahn, as the  White House Counsel, and my senior Senator, Tom Carper, and I, when we  had a vacancy--two vacancies, actually, in the Federal district court  in Delaware--went to our local bar and asked for them to put together a  committee to interview potential candidates.   We went to the White House Counsel and spoke about the importance of  the Delaware district court and the process we were following, and, in  the end, out of a very wide pool of initial candidates and the folks  who were interviewed by a broad and nonpartisan selection committee of  our local bar, we advanced three names to the White House. The White  House picked two, and they were ultimately nominated, and Senator  Carper and I both returned the blue slips on them. They proceeded. They  were both confirmed. They are now seated as district court judges.   That is the way this ought to work. Why does it matter? It matters  because our States are different. We are the United States, and each of  our States has slightly different cultures, traditions, and  communities. The point of having a Senate made up of 100  representatives of our 50 States is for each of us to come here and  carry forward some of the values and traditions of our States.   I am a member of the Delaware bar. It is a bar with a great and proud  tradition. It is a bar with a somewhat different culture--a much more  collegial culture, I would argue, than many States around us, and it  was important to me to be able to advocate to the President, to the  White House, for the nomination of folks who would represent the best  of our bench and bar.   Look, the President and I are in different parties. I understand that  we will have different policy positions, but in order to get the  absolute best and brightest of the American bar and to have them  reflect the values and priorities of the State Senators are elected  from, the blue slip was developed.   We have had a difficult and divisive and partisan period here in the  Senate for as long as I have been here. I don't think it is because I  am here, but it has been as long as I have been here--since 2010. We  have had a number of regrettable changes in the policies and the  practices and the culture of this place, but proceeding with a  confirmation vote of a nominee who was not supported by either home  State Senator for a circuit court position is unprecedented.   I think, before we proceed, this body should stop and reflect on what  this means for our future. In a district as small as Delaware, it is  likely the Senators actually know the nominees. In a circuit as large  as the Ninth, which is the largest, geographically, in our whole  country, it is almost a certainty that the Senators will not know the  judges nominated by the President to represent their circuit.   The blue slip has long been a procedural barrier to the President's  nominating people who did not reflect the bench and bar of the States  from which they are drawn. The leader is pushing this forward, even  over several other nominees pending on this floor.   One other piece of the process that brought us to today to a vote on  Eric Miller's nomination for the Ninth Circuit that is worth commenting  on is that the confirmation hearing on the Judiciary Committee was held  while we were not in session. No Democrat was present to question this  nominee. The questions that were raised and the comments that were made  were only in writing and for the Record, and my understanding is, this  questioning is very brief--just 5 minutes before just a handful of  Republican Senators, I think two.   This young man is going to be given a lifetime appointment to one of  the most important judicial posts in our country. Frankly, my own kids  have to work longer and harder and answer more questions to get a good  grade in high school than this gentleman did in terms of the  confirmation process of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am very  worried about the precedent this sets, about what it says--which is  that we continue to push past norms and traditions in this body--and  about where we are headed.   It is my hope that some of my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee  will work with me in the months ahead to recognize that there is a  long, now-bitter path of he said, she said, who shot John, who acted  first, which has resulted in changes to the whole nomination process.   I think we can yet pull back to a place where those who are nominated  are the best and brightest of our country, where, in the process, there  are protections for the minority and the majority, and where we can all  end up voting proudly for those who are nominated to serve on the  Federal bench of the United States.   I increasingly hear commentators on cable talking about judges as if  you can know how they will vote based on the President who nominated  them. So-and-so is described as a Bush judge or a Reagan judge or a  Clinton judge or an Obama judge, a Trump judge or a Bush judge, as if  that tells you everything you need to know about a judge. It should  not.   In my State, it doesn't, and it is my hope that we can yet pull  ourselves back from the brink of one more step to a place where our  judges are seen not as the black-robed individuals dispensing  independent justice but as folks wearing blue and red jerseys advancing  a partisan political agenda. That way lies disaster for our  constitutional Republic.   Both parties have taken steps that have led us here. Both parties  need to take steps that will heal this, and I intend to vote against  the nomination of Mr. Miller because of my concerns about these  procedural changes that I think are so destructive.   I yield the floor.   