 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Joyce for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my legislation, H.R.  1313, the Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act.   The Transit Security Grant Program provides needed funds to transit  agencies to protect critical surface transportation infrastructure and  the traveling public from acts of terrorism. With billions of riders  using surface transportation annually, and limited security screening,  it should come as no surprise that surface transportation has been, and  continues to be, a terror target.   We have witnessed multiple attacks overseas: the bombings of commuter  trains in Madrid, the metro station bombing in Brussels, the bombing of  the tube in London.   In New York, we saw, in 2019, there was an attempted liquid explosive  attack, which, if successful, would have killed many, many hundreds.   And then, soon after that, there was a planned attack against the  Long Island Railroad, in my own district, carried out by Bryant Neal  Vinas, who was then in Afghanistan plotting the attack.   And more recently and much closer to home, we witnessed the 2017 New  York Port Authority bombing, which the Speaker is well aware of,  involving our city.   With the continual calls from ISIS and other extremist groups for  lone-wolf attacks to target crowded areas, we must ensure the first  responders and transit agencies have the tools needed to secure our  transit systems.   Based on previous work done by the subcommittee under the leadership  of my good friend Congressman Dan Donovan, we learned of the challenges  associated with the fluctuating period of performance for Transit  Security Grant Program projects, especially for completing vital large- scale capital security projects.   The Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act addresses this  challenge by codifying the period of performance for this grant program  at 36 months for the majority of eligible projects. It also extends the  period of performance for large-scale projects to 55 months. This  ensures that these major projects can be successfully completed in the  allotted time.   Transit security grant program awards can be used to provide  personnel with essential security training. However, recipients of  these awards are not currently permitted to use the grant program funds  to pay for backfilling personnel attending such training, which may, in  turn, inhibit some transit agencies from sending their staff to vital  security training.   H.R. 1313 will permit Transit Security Grant Program funds to be used  for this purpose, consistent with other homeland security grant  programs.   Given the evolving threat landscape, it is imperative that the  Transit Security Grant Program provide flexible solutions for grant  recipients. It is of the utmost importance that transit agencies have  the ability to enhance the protection of these soft targets and crowded  places to keep everyday commuters safe.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my staff, particularly, Diana Bergwin, for their  hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join in supporting H.R. 1313.   