 Mr. Speaker, no President in the history of our country  has ever been subject to as many credible allegations of illegal  conduct as Donald Trump.   Given the serious nature of these crimes and the President's refusal  to cooperate with congressional investigations, it is time for the  House of Representatives to begin an impeachment inquiry.   The Mueller report documented compelling evidence that the President  obstructed justice, including numerous attempts to shut down the  Mueller investigation.   Despite the strong evidence, DOJ policies prohibited the special  counsel from even considering bringing charges against a sitting  President. So, Congress has a responsibility to act where Mueller left  off.   For the past several months, Trump, his Attorney General, and  congressional Republicans have outright lied about the contents and  findings of the Mueller report. The Trump administration has repeatedly  rejected or undermined congressional subpoenas and obstructed the  ability of Congress to get the facts for the American people.   Launching an impeachment inquiry is a necessary step to ensure that  we get to the bottom of Trump's wrongdoing. It honors the process that  our Founding Fathers enshrined in our Constitution to empower Congress  to investigate and hold the President accountable for committing high  crimes and misdemeanors.   I believe that impeachment inquiry should examine the actions and  conduct documented in the Mueller report, but an impeachment inquiry  should not be limited to just those matters. Congress has the  responsibility to investigate the broad range of Trump's conduct as  part of our inquiry.   With all the tweets and daily distractions, we cannot lose sight of  the much broader scope of Trump's alleged wrongdoing: more than a dozen  accusations of sexual assault; campaign finance violations, including  hush-money payments; illegal foreign contributions to the Trump  inaugural committee; illegal misuse of the Trump Foundation charity for  personal and political purposes; welcoming foreign interference in U.S.  elections; mishandling top-secret information; and abusing the security  clearance process for his son-in-law. And we shouldn't overlook how  inappropriate it is for the President of the United States to engage in  constant, daily lying.   The list, unfortunately, goes on and on.   Trump's actions should concern every single Member of Congress and  every American citizen, regardless of what side of the aisle we are on.  This activity and behavior call into question Trump's fitness to serve  as President of the United States and Commander in Chief.  [[Page H5589]]    As a marine and as a Member of Congress, I swore to protect the  Constitution of the United States, and I will not stand by as Donald  Trump erodes the rule of law and our democracy. It is time for Congress  to launch an impeachment investigation against President Trump.   