 Mr. President, I am here to take the opportunity to join  my colleagues to speak in support of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors  Protection Act. I thank Senator Sasse for his continued leadership on  this issue. I supported the bill when Senator Sasse introduced it last  Congress, and I was glad to see Senator McConnell, our leader, bring  this bill to the floor for a vote.   I am astonished--astonished--that we are debating whether it is  appropriate to leave born children to die. Today, now, in the year of  2019, how can this be? Science demonstrates that human life begins at  conception, and our understanding of neonatal development is increasing  every day.   I am a member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor,  Health and Human Services. The National Institutes of Health is one of  my top priorities for funding. At the NIH, the National Institute of  Child Health and Human Development has advanced our knowledge of  pregnancy and development in the womb. Under this Institute, the  Neonatal Research Network has pioneered research that has led to  techniques that saved the lives of children in their earliest stages,  when these children are at their most vulnerable.   The Congressional Budget Office estimates that more than 10,000  babies are aborted each year after 20 weeks of conception, when  science--science--tells us that an unborn child can feel pain inside  the womb. That number will increase as a result of recent State-level  efforts to end virtually any restriction on abortion when a child could  viably live outside the womb. These efforts are extreme and fall far  beyond the mainstream of American opinion.   This legislation does nothing to limit prenatal abortion. While we  must address that issue--the root causes of abortion and the ways to  curb this heartbreaking trend--that is not the issue at hand today in  this legislation. The question before us is this: When a child survives  an abortion and is born, does the U.S. Senate believe the child can  still be eliminated, or should the baby be protected and given all  possible care to survive? This act requires healthcare practitioners to  ``exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and diligence  to preserve the life and health of a child as a reasonably diligent and  conscientious healthcare practitioner would render to any other child  born alive at the same gestational age.'' Any negligence in this regard  is subject to criminal and civil punishment, which at present does not  exist.    Should anyone think this is some made-up issue--despite the Virginia  Governor's shocking comments revealing an openness to infanticide and  New York's expansion of abortion well beyond the age of viability that  makes born-alive abortion survivors more likely--we have concrete  evidence that this grotesque act happens. Notorious abortion provider  Kermit Gosnell is serving life in prison for these very acts.   Closing our eyes to what is obscene does not make it any less real.  That it is allegedly ``rare'' doesn't make it any less real or  abhorrent. One child purposefully deprived of healthcare and allowed to  die is one too many. It is infanticide, which brings us to the crux of  this issue. We need to think carefully about the long-term impacts to  the definition of ``healthcare'' if Congress refuses to act positively  on this measure. Do the guardrails of neonatal health succumb to the  belief that infants don't really count as one of us?   Our society is not one of the ancient Romans or the Aztecs. We don't  sacrifice our children to please an unknown god. In the progress of  human history, principles of the enlightenment--also known as the Age  of Reason--declared self-evident truths that all humans are created  equal and endowed with the unalienable right to life. Although  undoubtedly we have our flaws, these enlightenment principles enshrined  in our founding documents remain true to who we are as a nation and who  we are as human beings. We recoil when we hear of children who are  harmed in any manner. Yet today we are faced with a reality where the  ability to terminate an unborn child's life when it is viable outside  of the womb is something that is not only tolerated but is passionately  defended by the left.   That is bad enough, but to see legislation ensuring that the medical  care of born children gets blocked is incomprehensible. The immutable  march of progress in human history has met a roadblock today in the  U.S. Senate. The Age of Reason seems to have escaped us.   Tonight, the Senate had an opportunity to send a message showing who  we are as leaders and as a society as a whole--one that protects the  weak and the voiceless instead of one that permits their destruction. I  regret and I am saddened that the Senate failed this fundamental test.   I am eager to do more to protect innocent life, including the unborn,  but the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Act provided us an opportunity to  affirm the most basic need for healthcare for a vulnerable child who  has already beaten the odds to survive. Let's hope we have another  opportunity to give these children the chance at life they so deserve.   I thank you.   I yield the floor.   