 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2919, the  Whistleblower Protection Reform Act of 2019.   Whistleblowers are an effective means of rooting out bad behavior  that harms the market as well as investors.   In fact, Section 922 of Dodd-Frank amended the Securities and  Exchange Act of 1934 to afford whistleblowers protection from  retaliation by their employers for reporting suspected misconduct.   Additionally, Section 922 allows for the SEC to provide monetary  awards to whistleblowers who provide ``original information'' resulting  in monetary sanctions over $1 million.   However, in February 2018, the Supreme Court held in Digital Realty  v. Somers that whistleblowers who report alleged misconduct internally  to their employer, as opposed to the SEC, are not protected by Dodd- Frank's anti-retaliation provisions.   A whistleblower who reports directiy to their employee about alleged  misconduct shouldn't risk being retaliated against. That's why this  bipartisan bill has been carefully crafted to clarify the application  of the anti-retaliation provisions to whistleblowers provided within  the Dodd-Frank Act.   By further clarifying the anti-retaliation provisions of section 922  apply to those whistleblowers who report internally will encourage  employees to report potential misconduct instead of automatically  escalating the issue to the SEC.   Internal reporting may be more efficient and practical in some cases  as employers have a chance to correct, self-report, or take other  action.   Moreover, by clarifying the application of Dodd-Frank anti- retaliation protections to internal whistleblowers, the bill aligns  with similar protections for internal whistleblowers within the  Whistleblower Protection Act and Sarbanes-Oxley.   I'd like to thank my colleague, Mr. Green for working with me on the  Whistleblower Protection Reform Act and I urge my colleagues to vote  yes.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 456  that recognizes the importance of grassroot investor protection and the  investor education missions of State and Federal securities regulators.  Additionally, this important resolution calls on the Securities and  Exchange Commission to collaborate and work with State securities  regulators to protect investors.   Over a century ago, a group of state securities regulators had the  idea to form a network of colleagues to work together for the  protection of investors throughout North America. Shortly thereafter,  the North American Securities Administrators Association (``NASAA'')  was formed in 1919. This year, 2019, marks their 100th anniversary.   The primary mission of both state securities regulators and NASAA is  to protect and advocate for the protection of investors, especially the  most vulnerable who lack the expertise, experience, and resources to  protect their own interests.   NASAA members accomplish their mission through the vigorous  enforcement of their respective civil and criminal securities laws.  While the securities markets are global, securities are sold locally.  NASAA members are often the first line of defense against investment  fraud in their jurisdictions. Moreover, because states are ``grass  roots'' regulators, they often respond to emerging frauds and  investment scams before they are detected at the federal level.   NASAA also plays an important role in investor education, which is  one of the best measures in preventing investment fraud. NASAA members  have developed a wide array of specialized community outreach programs  to educate investors in their jurisdictions.   Most state securities regulators have established investor education  departments or divisions within their agencies. The result is an  effective network of dedicated professionals delivering unbiased,  relevant, and free investor education programs in local communities  throughout North America. These professionals can be found educating  investors in the classroom, at the workplace, and at senior centers.  NASAA members work hard to reach out to people who otherwise would not  be able to readily access such information.   For the past 15 years, NASAA has compiled and released an annual list  of top 10 investment scams, schemes, and scandals to alert investors to  increasingly complex and confusing investment fraud.   Another important part of NASAA's mission is to help with capital  formation. To that end, state securities regulators often work with and  assist local businesses that seek capital investment. Small businesses  are the lifeblood of our economy. NASAA members help facilitate a  healthy small business economy that increases growth, investment, and  job creation.  [[Page H5282]]    In my home state of Michigan, NASAA members have worked tirelessly to  become a leading voice for improving investment education, protected  investors by utilizing securities enforcement, and helped build  stronger communities by assisting in capital formation projects.   Today, NASAA is the oldest international investor protection  organization with a membership consisting of 67 state, provincial, and  territorial securities regulators in the 50 states, the District of  Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Canada, and Mexico.   I want to congratulate NASAA on their first 100 years and look  forward to their work continuing for many years ahead. I urge passage  of this resolution acknowledging the superb work of this outstanding  organization.     Mr. Speaker, initial public offerings, or IPOs, have  historically been one of the most meaningful steps in the lifecycle of  a company. ``Going public'' was the ultimate goal for entrepreneurs.  You start a business from scratch, build it up into a successful  enterprise, and then open up an opportunity for the public to share in  your success.   By completing an IPO, a company is able to raise much-needed capital  for job creation and expansion opportunities, while allowing main  street investors the opportunity to have an economic piece of the  action and ability to participate in the growth phase of a company.   However, over the past two decades, our nation has experienced a 37  percent decline in the number of U.S. listed companies. Equally  troubling, we have seen the number of public companies fall to around  5,700. These statistics are concerning because they are similar to the  data we saw in the 1980's when our economy was less than half its  current size.   For myriad reasons, the public model is no longer viewed as an  attractive means of raising capital. Instead, small and emerging growth  companies are choosing to go public much later in their lifecycle or  choosing not to go public at all.   We must work to change the trajectory. In speaking to the New York  Economic Club, SEC Chairman Clayton stated that ``Regardless of the  cause, the reduction in the number of U.S.-listed public companies is a  serious issue for our markets and the country more generally. To the  extent companies are eschewing our public markets, the vast majority of  Main Street investors will be unable to participate in their growth.  The potential lasting effects of such an outcome to the economy and  society are, in two words, not good.''   I share Chairman Clayton's concerns. We need to ensure that our  capital markets are open for innovators and job creators and we must  work to right-size regulations for smaller companies as well.   One way that Congress worked to lift burdensome regulations and help  small companies gain access to capital markets was the bipartisan  Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act--popularly known as the JOBS Act.   Section 105 of the JOBS Act changed the ``gun-jumping rules'' to  provide an exception from the definition of an offer to allow for the  publication or distribution by a broker or dealer of a research report  about an emerging growth company that is the subject of a proposed  public offering. However, few investment banks have published any pre- IPO research since passage of the JOBS Act, and research coverage in  general on small issuers continues to be an issue. This negatively  affects investor interest and awareness in a company as well as trading  liquidity.   This provision was intended to increase research but unfortunately it  has had the opposite effect and instead, there has been a significant  decline over recent years in analyst research covering small public  companies. According to the U.S. Chamber, ``61% of all companies listed  on a major exchange with less than a $100 million market capitalization  have no research coverage at all.''   For equities with a market cap below $750 million, the average number  of research analysts covering that stock is one, while equities above  $750 million in market cap have an average of 12 research analysts  covering the stock.   Additionally, the amount of research written on small companies has  declined even as the percentage of individual ownership in small cap  companies has increased. Little to no research coverage generally  corresponds with lower stock liquidity, and reduced research coverage  may be particularly disadvantageous to individual investors who have  limited research capabilities on their own.   In fact, one study published June 2017 in the Journal of Finance  found that an increase in the number of analysts covering an industry  improved the quality of analyst forecasts and information flow to  investors. For that reason, it is important to examine current SEC  rules and regulations affecting the ability of investment research  coverage regarding small issuers. The Treasury Report on Capital  Markets recommended a holistic review of rules and regulations  regarding research, including the Global Settlement, to determine,  which provisions should be retained, amended, or removed.   Our bipartisan bill, the Improving Investment Research for Small and  Emerging Issuers Act, would direct the SEC to study and evaluate issues  affecting the ability of emerging growth companies and other small  issuers in obtaining research coverage, including SEC rules, FINRA  rules, state and federal liability concerns, the 2003 Global Research  Analyst Settlements, and MiFID II. Not later than 180 days after  enactment, the SEC will be required to submit to Congress a report that  includes the results of the study and recommendations to assist EGCs  and other small issuers in obtaining research coverage.   Among the issues the SEC must consider are factors related to the  demand for such research by institutional and retail investors, cost  considerations for such research, and the impact on the availability of  research coverage for small issuers due to a variety of market and  regulatory conditions. The SEC's report must include recommendations to  increase the demand for, volume of, and quality of investment research  into small issuers, including EGCs.   I'd like to thank the Financial Services Chairwoman, Mrs. Waters, and  Rep. Ben McAdams, for recognizing the importance of research in our  capital markets and working with me to address this issue.   