 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, our economy is thriving. Republican  economic policies, particularly the historic tax reform legislation  that we passed at the end of 2017, have helped to produce economic  growth, higher wages, and better opportunities for workers.   Unfortunately, our Nation's agriculture economy is trailing behind  the economy as a whole. A combination of natural disasters, low  commodity prices, and protracted trade disputes have left farmers and  ranchers and rural businesses struggling. Although  [[Page S3633]]  2019 crop prices have improved, millions of acres of cropland will go  unplanted and leave many farmers with no crops to market this year.   Farmers and ranchers have a tough job. Feeding our Nation and the  world is tough, backbreaking work. Farmers and ranchers put in long  days that start before the Sun rises and often end long after the Sun  sets. Yet, no matter how hard they work, all of their labor can be  undone by one devastating storm or flood. For most Americans, a bad  storm might mean a wet or a delayed commute. For farmers and ranchers,  it can literally mean the loss of substantial parts of their  livelihoods.   I am proud to represent South Dakota's hard-working farmers and  ranchers in the Senate, and addressing their needs is one of my biggest  priorities here in Washington. Right now, I am working on several  fronts to expand economic opportunity for farmers and ranchers and help  them access the support they need.   I recently requested a meeting with the Department of Agriculture to  discuss cover crop harvest flexibility on prevent plant acres, Market  Facilitation Program payments, and Conservation Reserve Program  signups. Last Thursday, the Deputy Agriculture Secretary--the second  highest ranking official at the Department of Agriculture--and the USDA  Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation came to my office  to meet with me on these issues.   One important topic of discussion was of moving up the November 1  date for haying or grazing cover crops planted on prevented plant  acres. South Dakota's farmers and ranchers are currently facing the  fallout from severe winter storms, heavy rainfall, bomb cyclones, and  spring flooding. Planting is behind schedule, and some farmers' fields  are so flooded that they won't be able to plant at all this year. The  situation is similar throughout the entire Midwest. As a result, many  farmers are thinking about planting quick-growing cover crops on their  prevent plant acres for feed and grazing, once their fields finally dry  out, in order to protect the soil from erosion.   Yet there is a problem. Right now, the Department of Agriculture  doesn't allow farmers to harvest or graze cover crops on prevent plant  acres or to use them for pasture until November 1. Farmers who hay or  graze before this date face a reduction in their prevent plant  payments, which is crop insurance to help them cover their income  losses when fields can't be planted due to flooding or other issues.  November 1 is generally a pretty reasonable date for farmers in  Southern States, but in Northern States like South Dakota, November 1  is too late for harvesting thanks to the risk of snow and other late  fall or early winter storms.   It is also too late to maximize the use of cover crops for pasture  since the ground can freeze before cover crops are fully grazed. Due to  last year's severe and lengthy winter, feed supplies have disappeared  and have left no reserves. Corn stalks, which are a source of grazing  and bedding, will be in short supply this year, which will result in  severe feed shortages and a need for additional roughage. That is why I  have been pressing the Department of Agriculture to move this date up  for farmers in the Northern States. Cover crops are a win-win situation  and can reduce feed shortages for many livestock producers. They help  the environment by preventing soil erosion, which can pollute streams  and rivers and worsen flooding, and they benefit farmers by improving  soil health, which improves future crop yields.   It is important that we don't discourage farmers from planting cover  crops by insisting on the November 1 harvest date, and I emphasized  that point to the Deputy Secretary and the Under Secretary. I know the  Department of Agriculture is looking at this issue right now, and I  will continue to encourage the Department to reach a decision that  addresses the reality that is faced by northern farmers.   Another subject I raised at the meeting last week was of the  Conservation Reserve Program signups. All farmers are familiar with the  Conservation Reserve Program, or CRP, as we refer to it, which provides  incentives for farmers to take environmentally sensitive land out of  production for 10 to 15 years.   The Conservation Reserve Program helps the environment by improving  soil health and water quality and by providing habitat for wildlife,  including endangered and threatened species. It also helps farmers by  reducing their crop insurance costs and providing them with an annual  payment for the land they have taken out of production.   I have spent years pushing for an increase in the Conservation  Reserve Program's acreage cap, and we finally got a substantial  increase in last year's farm bill. Yet the Department of Agriculture  needs to expedite both general and continuous CRP signups to allow  farmers to take full advantage of the cap increase. Taking millions of  acres of land out of crop production in the next year could have a big  impact on the farm economy by driving up commodity prices, which will  boost farms' incomes. In order for this to happen, we need to make sure  that farmers can get their less productive land enrolled in the  Conservation Reserve Program and out of crop production by next year.  That is why I have been urging the Department of Agriculture to make  sure farmers can sign up in a timely manner.   I also urged the Department to expedite signups for the Soil Health  and Income Protection Program. I introduced the Soil Health and Income  Protection Program, which became law as part of last year's farm bill,  in order to address the concerns of farmers who were interested in the  Conservation Reserve Program but didn't want to take portions of their  land out of production for a decade or more. The Soil Health and Income  Protection Program, or SHIPP, provides a new, short-term option for  farmers that will allow them to take their worst performing cropland  out of production for 3 to 5 years instead of the 10 to 15 years that  is required by the CRP's rules. Like the CRP, it will protect our  environment while it will improve the bottom line for farmers. The  sooner we get this program implemented, the sooner farmers and the  environment will see the benefits.    I have also been pressing the USDA to issue guidelines for the second  round of Market Facilitation Program payments, and I emphasized this  point again at last Thursday's meeting. While I know our farmers would  rather receive a check from the marketplace than from the government,  we have safety net programs in place to help in exactly the kinds of  situations our farmers find themselves in today.   I continue to press the administration on when the government will  wrap up negotiations on the various trade deals that are under  consideration. I strongly support the administration's goal of  strengthening market access for our Nation's farmers and ranchers, and  we have made real progress in those negotiations. Now it is time to  push for a conclusion to these deals.   In addition to increased market access, farmers and ranchers need  certainty about what international markets will look like. I am also  pushing for the congressional consideration of one already concluded  trade agreement--the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement--in the near  future. This agreement will preserve and expand farmers' and ranchers'  market access to Canada and Mexico, and Congress should take it up and  pass it as soon as possible.   To all of South Dakota's farmers and ranchers, I know you all have  had a very tough few years. I am working hard here in Washington to do  whatever I can to support you, and I will keep fighting every day to  get our agriculture economy thriving again.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   