 Madam President, today I would like to address my  colleagues to discuss one of the latest attempts from the Trump  administration to undermine and sabotage the Affordable Care Act. This  week, the Senate will vote on a Congressional Resolution of  Disapproval--CRA--on a Trump administration final rule that gives  States broad latitude to ignore the consumer protections of the  Affordable Care Act.   The rule essentially gives patients in those States the choice  between health insurance that doesn't provide coverage when it is  needed the most--so-called junk plans--or being priced out of the  health insurance market entirely.   As we have already seen, Republican lawmakers in some States are more  than eager to dismantle the protections of the Affordable Care Act and  bring back the days of insurance companies being in charge, putting  profits above the health of consumers in those States.   In fact, about 20 such States have gone a step further by moving  forward a lawsuit seeking to invalidate the ACA in its entirety. This  is not a theoretical threat to our healthcare system. Over the next  year, we will see a final ruling on this lawsuit, and a ruling in favor  of these States will be nothing short of catastrophic.   Not only will this upend the healthcare system as we know it in those  States, this ruling would apply to every State, even those like my home  State of Rhode Island, which has done an outstanding job of  implementing the ACA, expanding coverage, and making healthcare more  affordable for all.   The Affordable Care Act has given individuals and families more  choice, more affordable options, and more control over their  healthcare. With these new options for health coverage, the uninsured  rate in Rhode Island has reached historic lows, hovering around 4  percent.   Today, because the ACA is the law of the land, insurance companies  can no longer deny you coverage for preexisting conditions or put an  annual lifetime cap on how much they will pay for your care. Because of  the ACA, young adults can stay on their parents' plans until they turn  26 years of age, and women cannot be charged more based on their  gender. Also, under the ACA, basic healthcare services like maternity  care and behavioral and mental healthcare must be covered. The ACA has  helped keep costs down by requiring insurance companies to provide  preventive care at no charge so that the small things do not turn into  bigger, expensive medical problems, like surgery.   Yet President Trump continues to put all of this progress at risk.  The rule that we are voting to invalidate this week is just one such  example. In his first year in office, President Trump failed to pass  his bill to repeal the ACA when he had Republican majorities in both  the House and the Senate.   Despite widespread opposition to these efforts, the administration  has since moved forward with its sabotage strategy in the absence of a  legislative win. President Trump ended Federal funding for a key ACA  program which helps keep plans more affordable for those in the private  market by covering some costs for patients with the most expensive  medical conditions.   Next, the administration put forth new rules which allowed more junk  plans, plans which can charge more for preexisting conditions and that  can refuse to cover needed health services.   Now, the rule subject to this week's vote goes one step further in  allowing States to expand these partisan attempts to weaken the ACA,  increase costs on consumers, and increase the uninsured rate. If this  was not enough, a single court case, championed by partisans looking  for a political win, could overturn ACA as soon as next year.   If President Trump's strategy succeeds, many Americans will suffer.  Preexisting condition protections will go away, and over 50 million  Americans with preexisting medical conditions will go back to being  priced out of coverage.   The Medicaid expansion that helps States cover more than 12 million  Americans will also go away. Young adults will be kicked off their  parents' insurance. Women could be charged more, as would older  Americans. People will lose access to mental healthcare, and  prescription drug costs for seniors will go up.   In Rhode Island, it is estimated that approximately 100,000 people  could lose coverage if President Trump's lawyers convince the courts to  cut down the ACA. The State will lose hundreds of millions of dollars  in Federal funding for healthcare, all to satisfy President Trump's and  congressional Republicans' desire for a political win at the expense of  the American people.   We cannot afford to go back to the days when insurance companies were  in control. We cannot wait until the Trump administration and  Congressional Republicans come up with a plan.   The ACA was signed into law almost 10 years ago and still its  opponents have no alternatives.   Americans with preexisting conditions, those who are fighting  illnesses, parents with children with complex medical needs, young  people who need  [[Page S6230]]  coverage while they explore new career opportunities, these people--our  constituents, our neighbors, our families--do not have the time to wait  for Republicans to come up with a solution for a problem they,  themselves, are creating.   We should instead be spending our time working on solutions to  today's problems. There are pressing issues that Congress should be  spending time addressing to improve health in this country.   Prescription drug costs continue to skyrocket. In fact, addressing  prescription drug costs alone would go a long way towards bringing down  healthcare costs overall; yet, if the ACA goes away, this will be for  naught. It won't matter if the drug companies are required to negotiate  fair prices for drugs and are prevented from gouging customers. Without  affordable health insurance, consumers will continue to be priced out  of lifesaving drugs and treatment.   Further, without the ACA, requirements that plans must cover  prescription drugs would go away. Indeed, before the ACA, many plans  did not cover needed prescription drugs, leaving patients to pay  entirely out of pocket for lifesaving treatments and interventions that  prevent more expensive conditions down the road.   Congress has made significant bipartisan progress over the last  couple of years on the opioid epidemic, providing considerable funding  to States to help people access treatment to get on the path to  recovery.   However, one of most effective interventions in the epidemic has been  the ACA's Medicaid expansion, helping those with substance abuse  disorders get treatment and get back on their feet.   Without the ACA, the bipartisan laws Congress has passed in response  to the opioid epidemic will be nowhere near enough in both effort and  funding to successfully combat this crisis.   We have also seen new data from the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention showing growing rates of suicide in this country, especially  among young people--nothing short of an epidemic. I have been working  with my colleagues across the aisle, such as Senator Kennedy from  Louisiana, to increase funding for the National Suicide Prevention  Lifeline, and with Senator Gardner to make the Lifeline more  accessible. This is important work. We need to ensure that, when  someone courageously reaches out to get help in a time of crisis, that  we are able to connect them with affordable mental healthcare for the  long term. Without the ACA, that care may be out of reach.   There is certainly more we can be doing to increase access to  healthcare, and I have been working with my colleagues to do just that.  However, allowing the administration to continue its efforts to destroy  the ACA not only undermines healthcare for the most vulnerable  Americans, but also all of our bipartisan work on critical healthcare  issues such as lowering drug costs. The American people--my  constituents and yours--expect better.   I implore my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stand up to  this administration's reckless plans to upend our healthcare system and  work with us to improve our healthcare system instead.   Madam President, before I conclude my remarks, I would like to make  some comments on the death of my dear colleague Senator Kay Hagan, and  I would ask unanimous consent that these remarks be placed in the  appropriate section of the Congressional Record in which other tributes  of Senator Hagan are placed.    Madam President, Kay Hagan was an extraordinary individual,  a great Senator from the State of North Carolina, and a great person.   I had the opportunity to express my thoughts to her husband Chip,  whom I talked with yesterday. We will all miss her advocacy, her  spirit, her support of military families, small businesses, students,  and Americans everywhere, particularly in her home State of North  Carolina.   I had the pleasure of serving with her in this body and the Armed  Services and Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committees, and we  traveled together to Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan in 2010.   All of us here in the Senate are saddened by this loss, and we send  all of our thoughts to Chip and her family.   I must share a vivid memory. Senator Hagan and I were in Afghanistan,  and, again, this dauntless, courageous Senator--we were together on a  moonrise infantry patrol, moving from a forward operating base far away  from Kabul, far away from the center of our activities in a remote  corner of Afghanistan. We were moving from the base to a meeting with  local Afghan fighters.   As we rolled down this dusty road, I looked over and pointed and  said, ``Kay, see all those beautiful red flowers?'' She said, ``Yes,  they are very attractive. What are they?'' I said, ``Well, they are  opium poppies.''   You see, we were in the middle of a battle in which we had to support  our Afghan allies but at the same time not alienate the Afghan  population. It was one of the complex issues involved in that struggle.  She understood that. But she understood also the sacrifice and service  of the men and women who were there that day with us in the middle of a  combat zone, and she fought for them relentlessly.   Many of them were constituents from Fort Bragg, NC, from Camp  Lejeune, from other places around that State. She had a deep and  abiding influence in that, and she was not afraid to go forth to  dangerous places to see what they were sharing in terms of danger and  deprivation.   She was an extraordinary woman--such decency, such care, such  compassion, such humanity. I deeply, deeply mourn her passing.   To Chip and all of her family, my sincerest condolences on the  passing of an extraordinary woman who graced this Chamber with decency  and dignity, and I know--I know--her example of courage, strength, and  love will continue to sustain and inspire her family and those of us  who were privileged enough to serve with her.   May she rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   