 Mr. President, it is now my pleasure to also say some  words of tribute to my colleague from Georgia.   When I first came here and found out about his real estate background  and his interest in homeownership, I felt it was a powerful connection,  in that while I was never in the real estate business, when I went back  to Oregon in 1991, I found a connection with Habitat for Humanity and  eventually became their director, and it was all about homeownership.  So I spent a tremendous amount of time working to advance homeownership  for families in Oregon. Certainly, that is what the residential rules  say business is all about, and he spent decades in that world before he  came to Congress.   In fact, I also felt a connection because of his service in the House  of Representatives in Georgia. I only had 10 years in the Oregon House,  and he had far more than that in the Georgia House of Representatives.  I don't know if the Georgia House is like the Oregon House, but the  Oregon House was a very functional place, where people came to the  floor and listened to each other and shared ideas. They were only  allowed to speak for 5 minutes so everybody could hear each other. You  could borrow time from others, but if you borrowed time, then, people  started to say: The longer that you speak, the less support you will  have.   So it was great to have the entire group present, talking to each  other, working, and talking on the floor.   That is how I envision the Georgia House, as well, which I think is a  tremendous foundation for networking ideas, working with others,  realizing that relationships make such a difference as we strive for  policies we believe in. But the pathway involves relationships.   John F. Kennedy once said: ``Let the public service be a proud and  lively career.'' When I think about my colleague's career spanning the  Georgia House and Georgia Senate and the U.S. House and now the U.S.  Senate, and all that he has worked on, I think of it as exactly that--a  proud and lively career not only that he can be proud of but that all  of us can be proud of, as evidenced by the many folks who have  [[Page S6982]]  come to the floor to say thank you for your service.   There was one particular event that I will never forget, and that is  after the passage of Dodd-Frank. I heard that a problem had occurred  related to the interest on lawyer trust accounts, known by the term  IOLTA. This interest, which was not allowed to accrue directly to the  company of lawyers, was dedicated by law to funding legal defense funds  for noncriminal assistance to American citizens facing court  proceedings so they could get a fair day in court.   So I was trying to get unanimous consent for us to fix this, and I  needed a partner on the Republican side of the aisle. I was walking  from one Senator to another to another. I probably went through about  15 Senators, and I would say: Have you ever heard of IOLTA?   And, universally, the answer was no. I would explain what it was and  say why it might make a difference, and each time I spoke they would  say: Well, it is probably not something near the top of my list to  spend time on.   Then, I asked Senator Isakson: Have you ever heard of IOLTA?   He said: Of course, I have.   I explained to him exactly what it was and why it mattered, and I  said: Would you be a partner and try to fix this so that the funds will  go to the public legal defense fund? And he said yes.   We had to persuade, collectively, a number of folks who had holds on  the amendment, which we did. We finally had one Senator who was still  putting a hold on it, and we met with him--I don't know if my colleague  from Georgia will remember this, but we met with him--and explained our  case.   He said that, well, he would think about it, and we decided to inform  him that we were going to ask for a unanimous consent motion on the  floor at a certain time on a certain day, and that he was welcome to  come back and object if he wanted. He did come back, and he met with us  at that moment and withdrew his objection, and we passed that fix.   Now, interest rates have not been as high. So the amount of funds  that went into the fund were not equivalent to what they were in a  previous era, but it is an example of bipartisan work. It is not blue  or red work. It is work to help make something go a little better for  people in the United States of America.   So to my colleague from Georgia, thank you for doing many things to  make life better for the citizens of the United States of America,  working with that goal in mind, not partisanship.   Bless you and your family. Thank you for your service.   I yield the floor.   