 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Shimkus) for yielding me the time and his leadership on this issue, as  well as my good friends Paul Tonko and Brian Higgins for joining me in  the effort today in regards to the West Valley Reauthorization Act  before us.   Obviously, Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation.  This legislation deals with the project located in our district in  western New York and the great community of West Valley.   West Valley, New York, is the home of radioactive waste that has been  distributed there and deposited there over the years way back when. But  I will tell you, over the last 15 years, this site has led the Nation,  in my humble opinion, in coming up with techniques and technologies  that are deployed across other nuclear waste facilities and sites in  order to handle that high-level radioactive waste from those facilities  as well as those in West Valley.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is only right to bring further clarity and  certainty to our area of the district at West Valley in regards to this  bill, giving 7 years' worth of reauthorization legislation, to send the  signal that not only do we stand and support the appropriations that go  to this facility in order to clean it up in the most efficient and  effective manner, but, also, we stand as authorizers to say that this  type of facility and this type of program needs  [[Page H2332]]  to be renewed for at least 7 years because, Mr. Speaker, it is going to  take many more years to clean this site up.   Giving this site 7 years of that additional certainty is the only  right thing to do in order to have these folks who are doing the hard  work be given the indications from Congress that we stand with them as  they engage in this effort.   As I close, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the entire Energy and  Commerce Committee and Mr. Shimkus for his tireless work on the issue  of nuclear waste cleanup and standing with us on this piece of  legislation.   In particular, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the local  officials: the town of Ashford supervisor, Charles Davis; the West  Valley deputy general manager, Scott Anderson; and the other local  leaders who have stood in a community effort in order to bring this  West Valley demonstration site to a complete closure, hopefully, in the  near future with the legislation that we have before us.   So I ask my colleagues to join in support of this legislation, and I  truly appreciate their efforts to join us today.   