 Mr. President, I rise to speak in memory of five  children from Louisiana, my home State, who were tragically killed in  an awful car wreck last Thursday in Florida--Jeremiah Warren, 14; Joel  Cloud, 14; Cara Descant, 13; Brieanna Descant, 10; and Cierra Bordelon,  9 years old--all from Marksville, LA, a small town of less than 6,000  people.   All of the children were members of the Avoyelles House of Mercy  Church family. They were traveling together in a van with four other  children and three women from the House of Mercy Church while on their  way to Disney World. A tractor-trailer that was traveling in the  opposite direction hit a car that crossed the highway, hit their van  and another 18-wheeler, and created a ball of fire. The drivers in the  two tractor-trailers died as well--Steve Holland of Florida and Douglas  Bolkema of New Mexico. We include them in our prayers.   Losing five children is such a devastating tragedy for the Marksville  community. One can hardly imagine the grief and shock that grips  everyone who knew them--their neighbors, friends, family, and fellow  church members.   Pastor Eric Descant said: ``I cried so much this morning that my  tears felt like lava running out of a volcano.'' His granddaughters  Brieanna and Cara died in the crash. His wife, Karen, is still  hospitalized.   During a Monday night vigil at Marksville High's stadium, Pastor  Descant spoke to the crowd over the PA system by phone from Florida. He  said: ``I never knew a heart could break so much and still work.''   He also delivered an important reminder that even in the midst of  such immense heartache and loss, ``God will get the glory out of it.''   He added: Don't stop. Keep praying.   I know so many around Louisiana and the country are doing just that.   We are also praying for the full recovery of those who were injured  and who are still hospitalized: Karen Descant, Robyn Rattay, Amy  Joffrion and her 14-year-old son Noah, Ali Laborde and her 11-year-old  daughter Chelsea, and two other children, 9-year-old Trinity Woodward  and 9-year-old Chance Bernard.   We are sincerely grateful to the people in Florida who assisted the  victims and their families--the first responders, law enforcement,  everyone at Health Shands Hospital, North Florida Regional Medical  Center, and the Pentecostals of Gainesville.   To those around the country who have heard about this tragedy and  have donated money through GoFundMe, thank you for your generosity,  support, and prayers.   To my fellow Louisianans, I remind you of what Scripture says in  Psalm 34: ``The Lord is near to the brokenhearted, and saves the  crushed in spirit.''  [[Page S49]]    I yield the floor.   