 Mr. President, people across the country and around the  world today have seen the images of the terrible devastation left by  tornadoes that touched down in Lee County, AL.   Lee County is home to Auburn University, and so many of the wonderful  constituents there have suffered mightily over the last 24 hours. As of  right now, we know 23 people have lost their lives--23--and as we  speak, rescue teams and first responders are still out searching for  others who may have been hurt. We pray that we have seen the last of  the loss of life, but that is to be determined.   Already, this is one of the deadliest storms in our State's history,  and Louise and I want to offer our most sincere condolences to all of  those who have been affected by this horrible event. The youngest  victim we know of was only 6 years old. My heart goes out to all the  folks who have lost loved ones, who suffered damage to their homes and  their businesses, and I ask that everyone pray for their comfort and  healing.   I also thank the courageous first responders who put their lives on  the line time and again to help folks in need. Our rescue crews are  working around the clock, and we are so grateful to them for the work  they do every day but especially on days like today and yesterday after  tragedies like these strike. These are our friends and neighbors who  step up in the wake of disaster to help their community, sometimes-- sometimes--while struggling with the tragedy on a very personal level  themselves.   Unfortunately, this is an all-too-familiar sight in Alabama. We have  seen our fair share of natural disasters. On a single day in 2011, an  estimated 60 tornadoes devastated so many towns and cities, including  Cullman, Hackleburg, Pratt City, and Tuscaloosa, killing over 200  people. All of these have a way of being personal.   That day was especially personal for my wife, Louise, who is from  Cullman. I was out of town that day attending a judicial conference and  called her as she was watching on television how her town was being  destroyed, debris flying everywhere, and she could barely speak. She  can still barely speak about it today. As U.S. attorney, in April of  1998, I saw firsthand the devastating damage to the Oak Grove and  Edgewater communities, where 32 people lost their lives. That  destruction in Edgewater was especially personal to me because that is  where my grandparents lived for so many years and where my parents  lived when I was first born. I can remember walking that day across the  slab that was left of the little church my parents attended when I was  born, walking across with President Clinton. It is unbelievable to  witness that kind of damage.   Jacksonville, AL, is still rebuilding after a tornado severely  damaged their city last year, including the campus of Jacksonville  State University. Last fall, Hurricane Michael ravaged our farmlands in  the Wiregrass in South Alabama, destroying cotton crops that were ready  for harvest and 30-year-old timber. Yesterday's tornadoes touched down  at a time when North Alabama is already dealing with historic flooding  in Cherokee County.   I mentioned, it just seems all too often these have a personal note.  As I checked in with my staff last night, I realized that two of my  staffers who are with me on the floor today, Garrett and Michael, also  are from that area. They also are concerned. It is a horrible situation  to be this far away, knowing what is going on in your hometown and not  knowing whether your loved ones are in the path of that destruction.   Alabama, however, is a resilient place, and we have an incredibly  capable disaster preparedness and response agency, one that works  around the clock when needed, but given all we have faced over the past  year, we will still need help. While there is much yet to be done in  the immediate aftermath of this storm, we know a full recovery will  take a great deal of time and resources.   So I am here tonight to ask my colleagues in the Senate to stand  ready to help Lee County rebuild and heal. Disasters will strike all of  our communities at some point or another, and that makes it all the  more important that we work together when they do.   To the folks in Lee County, AL, who have lost everything and who have  lost loved ones in this disaster, I am in this with you for the long  haul. I promise you that. I know things will never be the same for many  folks, but I do promise that I will do everything I can to help.   I have already been working with Senators Perdue, Isakson, and others  to secure disaster funding for the 2018 storms that hit the Southeast  last year. We are hoping that we can get an agreement on that bill very  soon and get it onto the President's desk so those farmers can be ready  for the next planting season that they are about to go into.   In the days ahead, I am going to be working closely with colleagues  here in the Senate to secure Federal disaster funding that includes Lee  County, AL, because, despite the fact that we are in the early stages,  it is easy to see from the photographs and the videos of the  devastation that they will need it.   We have been in touch with Governor Ivey and other local officials  about how we in the Senate can best help. As the dust settles, we will  be down there to try to make sure that our offices do what is necessary  to help those fine people.   In the face of all of these terrible tragedies, the thing that gives  me hope is the strength of my fellow Alabamians. They are an amazing-- amazing--citizenry. From one end of the State to the other, they are  amazing people who see tragedy, but they build on that tragedy. Yet  they never lose hope. Even though an event like this can be incredibly  difficult, I have seen the resolve of the people of Alabama, and I know  that we will be able to rise and rebuild.   Thank you.   