 I thank Jim for yielding some of his time. Primarily, I  will report on the Congressional Study Groups program.   As a Member, I had the honor of co-chairing the Congressional Study  Group on Germany for, I think, 4 years. It was absolutely one of the  highlights of my 12 years in Congress.   Today, as we stand in this well, hundreds of Members of Congress will  shuttle back and forth from committee hearings to constituent meetings  to the call time that we all loved so much. For a small part of their  day, they will take in as much information as they can on the issues  they and their committees are focused on.   All of us remember the days when we served here, and information was  served 24 hours a day from a seemingly endless firehose. For most of  us, and for most of them, that information did not concern American  foreign policy or trade or our allies overseas.   Our colleague John Dingell once said of his committee's jurisdiction,  ``If it moves, it's commerce. If it doesn't, it's energy.'' Looking at  the United States today, we may still be made up of energy and  commerce, but the impact, and our knowledge of that impact, cannot be  limited to our own Nation. We have become the keystone of a global  economy.   In 1983, our colleagues saw that globalization was coming, and they  realized that a fire hydrant of information was not going to include  what was happening with our allies, our adversaries, our trading  partners, and developing nations, except for those few Members who were  on the Armed Services Committee or the Foreign Affairs Committee. Thus,  the Congressional Study Groups were born.   In the past year, we have continued that mission through the  continued program impact of the Congressional Study Groups on Germany,  Japan, Europe, and, most recently, Korea.    Small, informal programs on Capitol Hill and travel opportunities  bring the realities of these countries and our relationships with them  as Americans into sharper focus. We also introduced Members and staff  to their peers overseas, and we create for current Members and current  congressional staff the opportunity to network with each other.   FMC understands that bipartisan cooperation doesn't just magically  appear, and it doesn't always begin at work or in the committee rooms.  Often, it starts informally at dinner, at  [[Page H3738]]  the ballpark, or on trips such as the ones conducted by the  Congressional Study Groups.   Creating that bipartisanship is part of our calling at FMC, and I am  proud to say that it is a goal we consistently seek when planning  events for the Congressional Study Groups.   I would like to share a little bit about what each of our  Congressional Study Groups has done this year and what we will do in  the coming months, both to advance this mutual understanding and to  advance toward FMC's strategic goals. Let me thank FMC's outstanding  programming staff, led by Lorraine Harbison, for their tremendous work.   The first Congressional Study Group founded was the Study Group on  Germany. This year marks the 35th anniversary of our Congress-Bundestag  Seminar, which alternates between bringing the German Bundestag members  to the United States and then taking U.S. Members of Congress to  Germany.   In election years, Bundestag members traditionally travel to the  U.S., and this year was no different. An engaging, diverse group of  German legislators from several different political parties joined FMC  in Washington, D.C., for a day before trekking off to Nashville and  Chattanooga, where they toured Volkswagen's plant, which has become a  huge part of that community. They met with cultural and educational  leaders and got an opportunity to see the Tennessee Senate and  Governor's race in full swing just as early voting began in the  Volunteer State.   The Study Group on Germany also welcomed a new co-chair this year in  the House as Congresswoman Susan Brooks from Indiana joined Congressman  Ted Deutch from Florida as co-chairs. Both co-chairs welcomed  Ambassador Emily Haber at a dinner for Members of Congress following  her appointment as Ambassador to the United States from Germany.   Our congressional staff engagement continues to grow, with a number  of roundtables on the Hill and continued involvement of chiefs of staff  and district directors in our study tours to Germany.   This year, the Congressional Study Groups also received funding from  the German Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy to organize a new  study tour aimed at bringing nearly a dozen communications directors,  chosen on a bipartisan basis, to Germany for substantive exchanges on  issues relating to the transatlantic relationship.   As with the district director programming made possible by this  grant, engaging communications directors has allowed us to tap into a  previously underserved and impressionable group of congressional staff.  This year's two study tours saw FMC and the study groups bring 16  individuals on their first-ever visit to Germany. In this group, we see  tremendous potential to create new advocates both for the German- American partnership and for the efforts undertaken by the  Congressional Study Group on Germany.   Further communications director and district director study tours  will take place in 2020. We look forward to engaging with this new  group of congressional staffers next year and to continuing the  excellence in programming for which our FMC study tours are known.  Patrick Egenhofer of the FMC team does just an outstanding job running  the Congressional Study Group on Germany.   The congressional study tour to Japan for Members is always the  highlight of the Congressional Study Group on Japan's year. This year  was no different, as study group co-chairs Billy Long and Diana DeGette  accompanied six of their colleagues to Tokyo where they met with Prime  Minister Abe and then to the Tohoku region--I hope I pronounced that  correctly--which was so badly damaged by the 2011 earthquake and the  subsequent tsunami. Members of Congress had the opportunity to view the  Fukushima power plant and to see the exclusionary zone around the  facility, where some residents have actually returned but which most  have abandoned.   A similar agenda was created for chiefs of staff, as well as our  first district director trip for the Study Group on Japan, bringing  directors from across the Nation on a bipartisan basis. The trip  continued the district director outreach that has now spread to three  of our congressional study groups.   The similar agenda allowed us to see our meeting partners from the  perspectives of three different parts of our congressional family-- Members, senior D.C. staff, and district staff--to engage, and for  former Members of Congress to create a ``deep dive'' to really grow a  full understanding of the governmental and civil society roles played  both in Tokyo and in the recovering area of Tohoku.   Domestically, Japanese Government officials and our Japanese Business  Advisory Council were very interested in the 2018 mid-term elections,  and, as a result, FMC provided several opportunities for both groups to  meet with both current and former Members of Congress and staffers  before and after the election, learning more about the critical issues  and expectations going into the election and the likely changes that  would take place in a Democratic-led House following the election.   The Congressional Study Group also welcomed a new Ambassador from  Japan to the United States this year. After several years of  outstanding cooperation between the Embassy under Ambassador Kenichiro  Sasae, he elected to retire and was succeeded by His Excellency  Shinsuke Sugiyama. The Study Group on Japan was able to host a dinner  for the new Ambassador at his residence in Washington, allowing Members  of Congress to learn more about the important issues surrounding the  U.S.-Japan alliance.   The Study Group on Japan also continued one of the best-received  programs we have created recently, with our Chief of Staff Colloquium.  This weekend retreat for congressional chiefs of staff allows for a  ``deep dive'' into issues concerning the United States, Japan, and the  entire Indo-Pacific region.   More than 20 experts in Asian issues conducted discussion sessions  for ten chiefs of staff at the retreat held in Baltimore, Maryland.  Baltimore's proximity allows chiefs who live in Washington to ``get  away'' from the hustle and bustle of Capitol Hill, while remaining  close enough to not feel out of touch. This provides an excellent  learning experience for the staffers, as well as a great opportunity  for FMC to engage with congressional staff who may be interested in our  Study tours.   For years now, we have benefited greatly from the expertise and  professionalism of FMC staffer Alexis Ayano Terai for all things Japan  related. We will miss her greatly when she starts her full-time studies  at Georgetown to earn her master's degree.   The Congressional Study Group on Europe was active this year as well,  primarily focusing on events here in Washington, D.C. The European  Study Group has been heavily focused, recently, on district director  programming, encouraging these critical senior congressional staff to  become more engaged in the transatlantic relationship. This year,  Ambassador Kirsti Kauppi of Finland was kind enough to welcome dozens  of Democratic district directors to the Finnish Embassy for a reception  and a discussion on Finland, Scandinavia, and the role Northern Europe  plays in both NATO and in our trading relationships. We expect to  continue this relationship between FMC, our district directors, and  European embassies this year and far into the future.   Europe was also exceptionally interested in the 2018 elections in the  United States, and FMC worked with the Swiss Embassy to create an  opportunity to hear from former Members, including President Martin  Frost and Vice President Charles Boustany, regarding the results of the  November elections here in the United States. This discussion session  was heavily attended and allowed our friends from Europe to better  understand what a divided legislative branch meant for the 116th  Congress and what 2020 could potentially mean for the United States and  its relationship with Europe.   Finally, our Congressional Study Group on Korea completed its first  full year of activities and was a constant source of pride for FMC.  After only having a small delegation of Members of Congress travel to  Seoul last year, this year's group was larger and was complemented by a  district director study tour, which recently returned from the Republic  of Korea, in addition to a former Members delegation that traveled in  February.  [[Page H3739]]    We also hope, later this year, to bring a chief of staff delegation  to the peninsula. Members of Congress were able to meet with key  government officials, reporters, and business leaders and, traveling to  the Demilitarized Zone between the Republic of Korea and North Korea,  were able to learn more about American defense standing in the region  from our own military leaders. Each of the delegations also met with  local college students in Korea, allowing a candid discussion on both  domestic and transpacific issues that are important to the next  generation of Koreans.   The Study Group on Korea was also active on Capitol Hill. As we  welcomed both our new Senate co-chairs, Senator Brian Schatz of Hawaii  and Senator Dan Sullivan of Alaska, Ambassador Cho Yoon-je, the  Ambassador from South Korea to the United States, hosted a dinner in  their honor, along with several of their House and Senate colleagues,  to discuss important U.S.-Korean issues, particularly focused on trade,  energy, and defense.   As well, the Study Group on Korea welcomed several governmental and  business leaders to Capitol Hill for informal, organic roundtables with  Members of Congress and their staff to better create an understanding  of this critical alliance and relationship, particularly among Members  focused on trade with Korea in their districts who are not able to  address these issues through their committee assignments.   Thanks to the efforts of the Congressional Study Group on Korea, the  South Korean National Assembly, our counterparts in Seoul, will be  mirroring our efforts, as they create the Parliamentary Study Group on  America. We wish them luck in that endeavor and look forward to working  with our friends in Seoul to further the U.S.-Korean alliance. And we  very much appreciate all the hard and good work of FMC staffer Dongwon  Kim as he implements Korea-focused programming.   The Congressional Study Groups continue to work on better ways to  communicate with our stakeholders, adding conference calls on important  issues, featuring our frequent meeting partners, that allow Members of  Congress, their staff, the business community, our supporters, and the  diplomatic community to participate in Study Group programming without  having to leave their office.    All of this great work being done by the Congressional Study Groups  could not continue without the support of the members of our Business  Advisory Council, BAC, and the institutional funding partners that we  have. With that in mind, it is important that we thank Ambassador Jim  Zumwalt and Ms. Junko Chano at Sasakawa Peace Foundation, Ms. Paige  Cottingham-Streater at the Japan-U.S. Friendship Commission, Dr. Karen  Donfried at the German Marshall Fund, Ms. Minjeong Kim and Mr. Kiho  Jang at the Korea Foundation, and Ambassador Thomas Byrne at the Korea  Society.   The members of our BAC who are so committed to the transoceanic  relationships fostered by the Congressional Study Groups include  Hyundai, Samsung, KITA, POSCO, CJ, SK, Gale International, Michelin,  Tellurian, Allianz, BASF, Bayer, B. Braun Medical, Daimler, Deutsche  Telekom, DHL, Evonik Corporation, Fresenius Medical Care North America,  Fresenius SE, Lufthansa German Airlines, RatnerPrestia, Representative  of German Industry and Trade, Volkswagen Group of America, Aflac, ANA,  Honda, Itochu, Japan Bank for International Cooperation, JR Central,  Hitachi, Lockheed Martin, Marubeni, Mitsubishi Corporation, Mitsubishi  Heavy Industries, Mitsui, Mizuho, MUFG, NEC, Nissan, Nomura, Panasonic,  Sojitz, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Toyota. We are deeply grateful to  all of these organizations for their support of our work.   As with the rest of FMC, the future of the Congressional Study Group  is strong and vibrant. I look forward to watching the incredible  programming and travel opportunities that they provide to continue  FMC's goal to truly create an effective, nonpartisan avenue for  effective legislative and knowledge exchange between the congressional  family and our friends and allies abroad.   I appreciate the opportunity to make these remarks. It is my  understanding that we have some membership business to accomplish, and  I, therefore, yield to FMC's president, Representative Martin Frost of  Texas.   