 Mr. President, thank you to my colleagues from West  Virginia, North Dakota, Oklahoma, and now the great State of Montana.   The distinguished Senator from Montana is sitting at the desk that  was occupied by Conrad Burns, a Senator from Montana who was a private  in the U.S. Marine Corps.   I thank the Senator from Montana for his remarks and for his service  in this body.   I rise today to speak in support of our Nation's veterans, Veterans  Day, which is coming up on Monday, and the 244th--244th--birthday  Sunday of our Nation's force in readiness, the U.S. Marine Corps.   I am a marine--the senior marine in the Congress--and my dad was a  marine serving in Guam, Kenya, Okinawa, and Iwo Jima. Tough duty.   On this holiday, we remember those who have sacrificed for our  freedoms, especially the more than 1 million who have given their lives  for our country. Every American should remember these heroes.   As a nation, we are also home to more than 18 million living heroes  who have served with distinction in our armed services.   On this Veterans Day, I would especially like to single out a great  veteran who has also served with honor and respect in this body-- Senator Johnny Isakson.   John Hardy Isakson, born December 28, 1944, just 3 short years after  the attack on Pearl Harbor, began his service to our country in the  Georgia Air National Guard from 1966 to 1972, leaving the service at  the rank of staff sergeant.   He then continued to serve as a member in both the Georgia State  Senate and House, as well as the U.S. House of Representatives, before  his fellow Georgians sent him to the U.S. Senate.   In 2005, he came back full circle to his military roots, joining the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and in 2015, he took over the  chairmanship.   Let the record reflect that, as chairman, he has worked tirelessly-- tirelessly--to reform veterans' healthcare and benefits, as well as to  bring oversight and accountability to the Department.   Under his leadership, the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs has  passed 57 pieces of legislation that were signed into law--57. You  heard that correctly; 57 bills became law.   I think I have had the gavel in four different committees--57? I  don't think I have gotten to that yet.   Let me just go through some of the most significant reforms that  Johnny Isakson steered through the Senate that became law: the VA  MISSION Act, which puts veterans in charge of their own healthcare; the  Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower  Protection Act, which holds the VA accountable to the veterans it  serves; the Harvey W. Colmery--happens to be a Kansan--Veterans  Educational Assistance Act, which improves veterans' GI bill benefits;  the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act, which  modernizes the VA's appeal process; and one of the most important, the  Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which helps get  mental health services to our warfighters who need them the most.   This is only a small portion of his long list of accomplishments, and  his committee is not resting on their laurels. As of this morning, they  have held 110 hearings, conducted more than 80 oversight visits, and  have confirmed 23 Presidential nominations.   In my experience as chairman of a Senate committee--I think three of  them, maybe four--you simply can't get this type of work done without  help from those across the aisle.   This is just another example of who Johnny is as a person and a  legislator. He doesn't make promises he can't keep, and he is willing  to put partisanship aside in order to get the absolute best care for  our Nation's men and women who have served.   In this body, there are those who choose ideology--I understand  that--and partisan issues--I understand that as well. But Johnny  Isakson is someone who works with his colleagues to pass legislation  benefiting not only our Nation's veterans but every American's  pocketbook and daily life.   I have a lot of personal memories when Johnny would rope me in to  coming to a meeting, a bipartisan meeting, to try to get what we  thought was a very important bill done. Sometimes I had some concerns  about joining those outfits that he seemed to put together when nobody  else could, but I learned pretty quickly that I better go, first, to  find out what was going on and then, second, to watch this man  carefully craft a bipartisan agreement, working with colleagues,  listening to them. When Johnny spoke, people usually got to the edge of  their chairs and listened. That is how he got it done.   On behalf of the more than 18 million veterans and their families  this Veterans Day, we celebrate his leadership and sense of duty to  country.   Johnny--Johnny Isakson--thank you for your service. Senators  eventually come and go. I do not think we will see the likeness of  Senator Johnny Isakson for years to come.   Semper fi, my dear friend. I love you. We love you.   I yield the floor.   