 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, last night, President Trump's Justice  Department issued a letter to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals  calling for the elimination of healthcare coverage for tens of millions  of Americans.   Up until last night, the Trump administration had said one aspect of  the Affordable Care Act was unconstitutional, but last night, the  Department of Justice declared that the entire law and all of its vital  healthcare protections must go.   Make no mistake about it--this is an escalation of the Trump  administration's and Republicans' attacks on protections for people  with preexisting conditions. All the protestations for keeping  preexisting conditions--President Trump said it as recently as this  past campaign--out the window. This court case says get rid of  preexisting conditions, and the Trump administration is pursuing the  case. What are they saying to the 52 million Americans who are  dependent on protections for preexisting conditions? What are President  Trump and his Justice Department saying to a mom whose son or daughter  has cancer and the insurance company says ``We are not covering it''  and they have to watch their child suffer because they can't afford it?   The move by the Trump administration is a slap in the face to  American families, a devastating blow to Republicans who promised to  protect people with preexisting conditions. How many of our Republican  colleagues will go to the floor today and condemn the Trump  administration? I will bet, not one. I will bet, not one. I hope I am  wrong, but I will bet, not one.   In two short sentences, the Trump administration crystalized its  position that the healthcare coverage enjoyed by nearly 20 million  people, as well as the protections for tens of millions more with  preexisting conditions, should be annihilated. That is now the official  position, full stop. And the Trump position ties a 2-year anchor around  the neck of every Republican for the next 2 years. Yet again, they will  be forced to defend the indefensible. It is a stark reminder of the  difference between our two parties. Democrats are fighting to expand  and improve healthcare coverage and lower costs, while Republicans are  trying to take it all away and raise costs.   The bottom line: From the moment this administration and this  Republican majority came to power, they waged a wholesale attack on our  healthcare system. They have pushed policies that would rip away  people's healthcare coverage, spike their premiums and prescription  drugs costs, slap older Americans with an age tax, and reverse  protections for people with preexisting conditions like cancer, asthma,  and diabetes.   Democrats condemn, in the strongest possible terms, this attack  against the American people and demand we take action to protect our  healthcare.  [[Page S1951]]    I know that the administration is very happy with the Mueller report,  and so are our Republican friends. This move by the Trump  administration to take away healthcare will prove far more detrimental  to the administration and the Republican Party than any gains they  might have made by the issuance of Mr. Barr's letter. Mark my words. It  is far more important to the American people--far more important to the  American people--because it involves their lives and the lives of their  families. The Trump administration is hurting them badly.    Madam President, would my friend from Wyoming, who  mentioned my name, yield for a question or three?    My friend from Wyoming said I said: ``Bring on the vote  on the Green New Deal.'' I did, not because I think it is a smart thing  to do--it is a stunt--but it will finally get us to talk about climate  change, something the other side has not done.   I would ask my colleague three questions. I was gratified to see  Leader McConnell answer them for the first time in his press  conference. Does the Senator from Wyoming believe climate change is  real? Does he believe it is caused by human activity? And does he  believe Congress ought to do something about it? Those are my three  questions. I hope I can get a direct answer, since my name was invoked.    Madam President, first, I thank my colleague from  Wyoming. Now he knows why I said: ``Bring it on.'' We are finally  getting even people like the Senator from Wyoming to admit that climate  change is real, that it is caused by human activity, and that we should  do something about it.   If we could have an open debate on climate change, that would be  great. That is not what is happening today. The Senator from Wyoming  talked about the contradiction of the Senator outside. How about the  contradictions of the Republican Party and the Senators here putting a  bill on the floor that they are going to vote no on.   Let's put the bill that the Senator from Wyoming asked for and let  there be an open amendment process and let's see where people fall. All  we are asking for is not a sham vote where people who put the bill on  the floor are voting no because they don't want to have a debate, but  rather a real discussion, a real debate, and real amendments.   I would say this. Earlier today, even better than having the Senator  from Wyoming finally admit that climate change is real and caused by  human activity, the Republican leader did, when asked by the press at  his gathering.   The whole plan of the Republican leader here is backfiring.   We want a discussion on climate. We haven't had one major bill on the  real issues of climate come to the floor led by the leader where we can  have open debate--not one. So now we are finally beginning to debate.  That is great. We are not going to stand for sham bills that the other  side is all voting no on. They know what a trick and joke and sham that  is. So do all the American people. We are finally talking about the  issue, and that is great. Climate change is not a joke. It is not a  hoax. It is a crisis. That is why we are doing these things.   So right now, here is something else we could do. Let's see where our  Republican colleagues are if they want to have a real debate. I am  calling for the creation of a Senate select committee on climate  change. It is a crisis. Ask the farmers in Iowa, Nebraska, and Kansas  if they think it is a crisis. Ask the people who have been subjected to  so many changes in the weather because the globe is heating up. They  believe it is a crisis. The very least we can do is to do what the  House did and set up a select committee on climate change that is  bipartisan. The committee can be partnering with the House committee.  We might actually get something done, not sham votes that everyone  knows are a joke--a political joke.   I am hopeful that we can do that. The reason for the select committee  is clear. If there ever were an issue that demanded focus from this  Chamber, this is it. Climate change is an existential threat to our  country and our planet. The last 4 years have been the warmest on  record. Sea levels are rising and marine life and fishing communities  are being destroyed. Record flooding is inundating parts of the  country, most recently the Midwest, and more and more powerful  hurricanes have buffeted our coasts. Over the next decade, climate  change will continue to negatively impact every part of American life,  our health, our economy, our national security, and even our geography,  and the threats will only grow.   We can't run into our ideological corners anymore. I am gratified to  hear a growing number of Republicans admit it is real, admit it is  caused by human activity, and that we should do something about it.  That is great news, but let's do something real. Let's do something  real.   The Senator mentioned a few bills. I would be happy to look at them.  I hope he will look at ours, and I hope he will ask his leader, the  Republican leader, to allow an open debate on the floor with  amendments. We would welcome that. We would welcome it. Some in the oil  and gas industry will not like it. That is for sure. Some in the coal  industry will not like it. That is for sure. But most Americans will.  [[Page S1971]]    So let's do it. The time for partisanship on this issue is long over.  The time for one party to block any change and not offer anything that  they believe in is over. We need to act quickly and boldly to confront  this challenge before it is too late. It is time to stop the nonsense.   As I said, we welcome this debate because we are talking about  climate change for the first time, and the hypocrisy of putting a bill  on the floor and then voting against it is becoming so clear to the  American people. But, as a byproduct, we are getting a debate and we  are getting some of our colleagues for the first time to admit that  climate change is real and caused by human activity and that we ought  to do something about it. We welcome it. This committee will help bring  the kind of bipartisan discussion that my good friend from Wyoming has  asked for. So let's do it.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 97, a resolution  establishing the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis and the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration; that the resolution be agreed  to; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that we be  given 2 minutes so that the Senator from Rhode Island can ask a  question of the Senator from Wyoming.   