 Mr. Chairman, I seek to claim the time in  opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly oppose the  Burgess amendment and in support of the underlying bill, the United  States Export Finance Agency Act of 2019.   The science is really clear. The climate crisis is here, and we are  already seeing its devastating impact. Despite the best efforts of the  current administration to the contrary, the United States must be a  global leader in acting to combat the climate crisis.   Leading in climate action will not only protect our future from the  worst impacts of climate change but will make our Nation more  competitive and enable U.S. companies and workers to own the clean  energy technologies and jobs of tomorrow.   I was proud to work with all of my colleagues on the Financial  Services Committee to introduce an amendment in markup that added  strong environmental protections to this reauthorization.   Mr. Chairman, H.R. 4863 provides important reforms to the Ex-Im Bank  to ensure it is able to support America's exporters in the 21st  century. Let me describe precisely what this amendment would eliminate.   It would eliminate a new office focused on supporting renewable  energy-related exports so that we can make these products here in the  United States and sell them around the world.   It would eliminate a new target that 5 percent of Ex-Im's financing  goes to support renewable energy-related exports.   It would eliminate a requirement that the Ex-Im Bank consult with  local communities to ensure that U.S.-financed projects are not causing  harm.   It would eliminate a direction from Congress that the Ex-Im Bank  establish an accountability mechanism to provide persons who may have  been negatively affected by an Ex-Im project to find resolution.   And it would eliminate required disclosures of the estimated  CO2 emissions expected to be produced from Ex-Im supported  projects.   Mr. Chairman, these provisions were carefully crafted by the  committee to protect the environment and support American workers.  However, all of those environmental reforms would be eliminated by the  Burgess amendment, harming our efforts to compete with China on new  environmental technologies and undermining Ex-Im's efforts to  responsibly finance projects around the world.   Why? Because of this theory about economics. Let me be very clear.  Coal is dying right now for the same reason that clean energy is  rising, because of economics.   Does it cost money to build new projects? You bet it does. Where I  come from, that is called an investment, especially when you replace a  1950s technology with a high marginal operating cost with a new, modern  technology that doesn't cost anything to operate.   Claiming economics in defense of blocking clean energy is foolish. It  is irresponsible. It ain't leadership. It is cowardice. It is  irresponsible.   This is the time we have to stand up and lead, and I urge all of my  colleagues to oppose this amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), the chairwoman of the  committee.    Mr. Chairman, has the gentleman from Texas  closed?    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Mr. Chairman, the amendment under consideration has nothing to do  with moving the Ex-Im forward. Instead, it eliminates needed reforms in  the underlying bill to modernize the Bank and bring it into the 21st  century. It takes this bill back toward the past rather than looking  toward the future.   I urge all my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this misguided amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.   