 Madam Speaker, I am saddened today that I  spent two Christmases defending our country overseas, and I get a  measly 30 seconds to speak in this laughable process.   Our President made a campaign promise to drain the swamp, and there  are those today relying on swamp creatures' words to preserve the  swamp.   How do you suppress the votes of 63 million people in an electoral  landslide? You keep repeating the same lies absent any factual basis.   I have heard some of the greatest fiction ever spoken here today. If  you don't like the facts, just rewrite them in a parody and repeat.   If the facts are so clear and indisputable, why is the minority  leader begging for more witnesses?   You can't disprove something that never happened.   Mr. Speaker, due to a rushed process and limited debate, I was not  allocated time to speak on the Floor ahead of this monumental vote, an  opportunity that every member should be afforded.   I have spent two Christmases down range, defending our Constitution  and Country, and it is a sad day when something this historic is rushed  to a desired result so my colleagues will be home in time for the  holidays.   I am disappointed in this body for putting their own convenience over  the sanctity of our Nation.   I will tell you this: I would rather face attacks from our Nation's  enemies than an attack on our Constitution.   This is the first time in history that impeachment proceedings have  been completely partisan, shrouded in secrecy, and based on he-said- she-said accusations.   As a former prosecutor, I find it insulting my colleagues have built  a case on second hand accounts, editorials, and opinions.   When the facts do not support the elements of crime, my experience  tells me there is no crime.   Under the Constitution, it is the duty of the prosecution to prove  the crime and not the accused to prove their innocence.   The House has wasted time and tax dollars on an unfounded witch hunt  instead of legislating on behalf of our country.   Upon passage along party lines, the Senate will then be obligated to  continue this circus at the expense of the American people.   Today is a stain on this esteemed body for generations to come and a  detrimental precedent is set for future presidencies.   Today is a day of reckoning and a day the framers of our Constitution  warned us about. James Madison foresaw this day when he feared the  vague and heavily-disputed claims by my colleagues would turn our  republic into an unruly parliamentary system in which Congress could  remove a president over political differences with only partisan  motives as evidence.   The power to impeach the President is the single most important vote  that a member of this body can cast.   It should not be taken lightly, and it certainly shouldn't be rushed  through the House.   Alexander Hamilton feared the greatest danger of abusing impeachment  authority is that the decision would be ``regulated more by the  comparative strength of parties than the real demonstration of  innocence or guilt.''   The fears of our Founding Fathers have manifested in this Chamber  today.   We face a partisan process that will jeopardize our 243-year  experiment at self-governance, now, and for decades to come.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ``no'' to this sham.   