 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman, Mr.  Yarmuth, the chairman of the Budget Committee, for yielding.   I thank Mr. Womack for his leadership, both as chairman, now as  ranking member on the committee, as we look to pursue fiscally  responsible paths, but also fiscal paths that will invest, knowing the  national security from the defense standpoint, but the national  security from the domestic standpoint.   Obviously, if we have a strong defense but our education system is  wanting, our economic system is wanting, our healthcare system is  wanting, we will have a national security problem.   Mr. Speaker, I rise, therefore, in support of this bipartisan  legislation, which formalizes the agreement reached earlier this week  by Speaker Pelosi and Secretary Mnuchin on behalf of the President. It  has the support of Senators Schumer, McConnell--the Republican leader-- and the House Republican leader, Mr. McCarthy.    This is what we have been working toward for a very long time, and I  am pleased that we are able to secure an agreement before the end of  the July work period. This will provide certainty for the American  people by providing the top-line guidance necessary for appropriators  and the full House and Senate to complete work on funding the  government for fiscal year 2020. Ideally, we would do that before  September 30 of the coming months.   But this agreement was made possible by virtue of, in my view, the  fact that we passed 10 appropriations bills to fund 96 percent of the  government before the end of June. That hasn't been done before.   Now, there have been 10 bills passed back in 2006, 13 years ago, but  it did not include Labor-Health, so it left out a very big chunk of  government funding.   I am proud of the fact that we did that, but it also set a mark. It  set an objective. It set, through the chairman's deeming, the numbers  that the appropriators could mark up their bills, that we could mark  them up in June. It set an expectation of what we could do and should  do.   It was also achievable because Democrats were united in our  determination to deliver our promise to end the constant brinksmanship  that characterized the last several years and restore responsible  government for the people.   It is also, in my view, a result of the fact that Secretary Mnuchin  wanted to have a fiscally responsible and knowable end to the  differences between the two parties, which undermined our economic  security and undermined the confidence of the American people and the  international community in the financial stability of our country.   To that end, I am glad that this agreement also suspends the debt  limit.   Very frankly, Mr. Speaker, we ought to do away with the debt limit.  It is a phony issue. It bears no relation to reality. It is just a  game. It is a political gimmick, an item of demagoguery for the  Members.   Very frankly, we set a debt limit when we buy something or we borrow  something. The United States is going to pay for what it buys, and it  is going to pay back what it borrows. That is the debt limit.   This phony number that we are now suspending for a couple of years, I  think that is what we should do. But, frankly, if it were up to me, I  would do away with the debt limit, not because I don't want to see us  bring down the debt, but because I think it bears no relationship to  our needs, our challenges, our opportunities.   Those who would have held hostage the full faith and credit of the  United States, as some have done in the past to demand partisan  concessions, will be prevented from throwing the legislative process  into chaos as they have done.   With the threat of default gone and the danger of sequester-level  budget cuts removed--and thank goodness, we will see the end of the  sequester, which, as I said, bore no relationship to needs and  opportunities and responsibilities. With that threat gone, we can now  move forward together to invest in fighting poverty, expanding  opportunities, strengthening our communities, and, yes, defending our  Nation and our allies.   I want to thank Chairman Yarmuth, Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman Neal,  and Ranking Member Womack, who is my friend and who I think is a very  responsible, constructive Member of the Congress of the United States  trying to work toward fiscal responsibility.   Let there be no mistake: We are going to have to make some tough  decisions in the years ahead to make sure that our fiscal house is in  order.   Mr. Speaker, the American people ought to know we are receiving the  lowest revenue in a very long time, I don't know whether in history-- probably not in history--but a very low level of revenue to the  government. But we are buying a lot of stuff, and we have got to bring  those in balance, what we are willing to pay for and what we need to  buy, whether it is in services, either on Social Security or Medicare  or anything else, or on operating expenses, on an annual basis.   This is an example, Mr. Speaker, of how we can restore the faith of  the American people in their government--avoid a shutdown, act  responsibly, reach agreements, create consensus--by showing them we can  be responsible stewards of the economy, that we can advance our  democratic values and priorities through bipartisan means, and that we  can demonstrate that government can work for the people it serves.   I hope we can all come together today, Mr. Speaker, and approve it,  sending a strong sign of support to encourage the Senate to do the  same, and to do so quickly.    I urge the President, as he said today in a communication to his  Republicans, he said House Republicans should support the 2-year budget  agreement, which greatly helps our military and our vets. I am totally  with him.   I am pleased that the President supports this agreement. I am pleased  that we reached this agreement. I would hope that we could all vote for  this agreement, not because as, so many have said, it is perfect, but  because it is the result of honest negotiations and discussions between  rational people who know that we have a job to do for America, and we  are prepared to do it.   I urge a ``yes'' vote.   