 Mr. Speaker, other than authorizing an act of war,  impeachment is the gravest item that we as a Congress can consider.  [[Page H12137]]    The decision to move forward with impeachment of a United States  President is so consequential that it has only been done three times  previously in our Nation's history, all based on legitimate evidence of  criminal behavior.   Unfortunately, many of my colleagues have diminished what should be a  solemn and grave proceeding into an absolute political circus simply  because they don't like the man occupying the White House.   Many Democrats have been intent on impeaching the President since the  day he took office. Their actions are clearly motivated by hatred for  President Trump. This impeachment vote today is the next step in their  long-held plan to remove him from office.   The partisan impeachment investigation run by the House Intelligence  Committee was unnecessarily held behind closed doors in a room designed  to share classified information.    Nothing classified was shared during these meetings, but the result  of this decision was that most Members of Congress and all Americans  were blocked from hearing the facts for themselves.   Chairman Schiff repeatedly withheld crucial information from the  Republicans, including the ability for anyone but himself and his staff  to speak with the whistleblower at the center of this investigation. He  was even called out by liberal media for spreading misinformation and  falsehoods throughout the impeachment process.   The public hearings were held with complete disregard for the House  rules and decades of precedent. Republicans were not allowed to call  witnesses or to make basic parliamentary motions. In fact, the only  witnesses allowed to testify publicly were those who fit neatly within  the Democrats' predetermined narrative.   Most importantly, we have not been presented with any real evidence  that proves the President is guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, as  required by the Constitution to remove a duly-elected President. If  there was criminal activity, as many of my Democrat colleagues claim,  then why are there no crimes listed in the Articles of Impeachment?   We have forever weakened this body by turning impeachment into a  political weapon. This impeachment scheme is nothing more than an  attempt to conduct taxpayer-funded opposition research and damage the  President's electability heading into 2020.   The American people see right through this charade and are fed up.   It is time for this madness to stop and for us to get back to the  important work the American people sent us here to do.   