 Mr. President, I am here to talk about the vote that we  will take later today on this floor regarding the President's national  emergency declaration.   From the outset of this process, I have had two objectives. One is to  support the President on the crisis at the border. I believe his plan  to address that crisis is a good one, and we should support it. But,  second is to do it in the right way, without setting a dangerous new  precedent counter to a fundamental constitutional principle, without  tying up the needed funds for the border in the courts, and without  taking funds away from important military construction projects for our  troops.   Unfortunately, despite a sincere effort by the administration as  recently as this morning to try to work with me and other colleagues,  including the Presiding Officer, we were not able to agree on a path  forward that addresses those concerns that I just outlined.   I am going to lay out in a minute how I think we can better achieve  the President's goals of strengthening our border security without  invoking the national emergency and the funding he  [[Page S1874]]  seeks through that national emergency.   First, let me repeat what I have said on this floor many times and  said consistently: I do believe we have a crisis at the border--a  humanitarian crisis, a trafficking crisis, a drug crisis. According to  Customs and Border Protection, in February--last month--76,000 illegal  immigrants arrived at our southern border. That is an average of about  2,000 every day. Since October of last year, we have apprehended more  than 268,000 people at the border. That is about a 100-percent increase  over the same period last year. We have also seen a 300-percent  increase in families arriving at the border compared to this time last  year. By the way, the vast majority of those are from three countries  in Central America.   This is a humanitarian crisis. The journey to the United States from  these so-called Northern Triangle countries is incredibly dangerous,  especially for women and for children. They face violence from gangs  and traffickers and hunger and dehydration in the rough terrain. Many  of them arrive at our border traumatized, hurt, sick, and often we  don't have the resources to provide for those needs.   There is also a growing human trafficking crisis. Our lack of border  security allows these smugglers--human smugglers--to move across the  border unchecked. Increasingly, they are taking advantage of these  flows of individuals to traffic women and children.   In particular, I will say the Border Patrol resources are spread thin  trying to monitor these areas that do not have barriers.   Third, this is a drug crisis. The Drug Enforcement Agency has said  that the southwest border ``remains the primary entry point for heroin  into the United States.'' That is not a debatable point. I am told that  with regard to Ohio, where we have been devastated by the opioid  epidemic, over 90 percent of the heroin is coming across the southern  border.   Fentanyl, the deadliest drug of all, which comes primarily from China  and primarily through the U.S. mail system--50 times more powerful than  heroin--is increasingly coming across the southern border too.  Yesterday I learned from Customs and Border Protection that fentanyl  seizures along the border between the ports of entry have increased by  400 percent between 2016 and 2018.   As we are finally beginning to make progress on the opioid crisis in  my home State of Ohio and around the country, finally reducing the  number of heroin and other opioid overdose deaths for the first time in  8 years, we are seeing a reduction in those deaths, but crystal meth  and the devastation it causes is coming back--coming back with a  vengeance. It is more pure than ever, more powerful than ever, and it  is coming from Mexico.   Some of you may remember in your own communities the issue of crystal  meth labs being in people's houses and the environmental damage it  caused and the crystal meth being cooked. That is not happening much  anymore. Why? Because the pure crystal meth from Mexico is so much more  powerful and less expensive; it is cheap.   Law enforcement tells me that on the streets of Columbus, OH, pure  crystal meth is now plentiful and less expensive than marijuana--and  far more dangerous. Where is this coming from? It is coming from  Mexico.   Even with limited resources, in fiscal year 2018, Customs and Border  Protection seized almost a half million pounds of marijuana and 11,000  pounds of methamphetamine between ports of entry. At the ports of  entry, they seized over 1,700 pounds of fentanyl--by the way, that is  enough to kill about 3 billion people--1,700 pounds of fentanyl,  three flecks of which can kill you, 56,000 pounds of meth, and nearly  52,000 pounds of cocaine.    Frankly, that is the tip of the iceberg. Most of it is getting  through. They are checking only a small percentage of shipments,  meaning the vast majority of drugs are coming across our borders  undetected. We need to do more.   There is no question we need stronger border security. Again, I  support the plan the President has outlined, including the $5.7 billion  the President has requested for walls and other barriers.   That $5.7 billion number, by the way, wasn't just picked out of thin  air. It funds the top 10 priorities of the Customs and Border  Protection Border Security Improvement Plan. The experts have given us  a plan, and the President's $5.7 billion simply funds what the experts  have said.   This plan, by the way, the expert's border security plan, has been  embraced by this Congress in the last two appropriations bills. They  pointed to that plan and said: This is the path forward. These are the  experts. It is not controversial.   By the way, the experts have recommended not that we build a wall  from sea to shining sea--it has been mischaracterized as that--but 234  miles of barriers, walls, and other fencing at places where people  cross the border most frequently, primarily in the State of Texas,  primarily in the urban areas--places where it will make the most  difference.   Funding for these types of barriers has been included in the budget  requests from previous administrations, of course. Previous  administrations have built hundreds of miles of fencing--over 500  miles.   It has also been included in appropriations bills passed by Congress  during the last two appropriation cycles by both Republicans and  Democrats. Why is it that this administration can't build the barriers  that other administrations have and that Congress in the past has  supported?   Of course it is not just about more physical barriers, and the  President's plan also recognizes that. It calls for more Border Patrol  agents, more technology, more surveillance, more drones, more cameras,  more screening at our ports of entry, more technology to stop this  illegal flow of drugs. That is also a significant part of the plan.   But erecting more barriers and fencing in key areas along the border  will help stem the tide. It will ease the burden on our Border Security  personnel and allow them to focus their resources more effectively.   It is time to listen to the experts and give them what they need to  carry out their important mission, but we have to do that in the right  way.   As we all learned in high school, our government has a system of  checks and balances. It gives some powers to the President; it gives  some powers to Congress. Our Constitution explicitly gives the U.S.  Congress what is called the power of the purse.   Congress, not the President, has the sole authority to determine how  to spend taxpayer money, and that is appropriate. After all, we are  here to represent the people. We are most accountable to the taxpayers.  Once we appropriate the money for a specific purpose, then it is the  President and the executive branch that are responsible for  administering those programs.   We had our spending fight here in Congress. I thought we should give  the President the full amount of money he requested for barriers, and I  voted that way. At the end of the day, Congress decided to give him  only some, not all, of the funds he requested.   Under current law and current congressional approval and authorities,  without declaring a national emergency, President Trump can actually  access additional funds that get him to the $5.7 billion he requested.  As the Wall Street Journal said in a recent editorial opposing a  national emergency, ``The President doesn't need to invoke a national  emergency to build his wall along the southern border.''   Declaring a national emergency to access different funds sets a  dangerous new precedent. The use of national emergency powers to  circumvent Congress's explicit decision on funding is unprecedented. No  President has ever used what is called the National Emergencies Act in  this way. As a result, it opens the door for future Presidents to  implement just about any policy they want and to take funding from  other areas Congress has already decided on without Congress's  approval.   Once a President declares an emergency, he or she has access to a lot  of power. Some would say nearly unlimited power. A future President  could seize industries or could control means of communication. Think  of the internet. A future President may well say that climate change is  a national emergency and use emergency authorities to implement the  Green New Deal. By the way, according to a new study by Douglas Holtz- Eakin at the American Action Forum, the proposed policies in the Green  New Deal would cost  [[Page S1875]]  between $51 trillion and $93 trillion over the next 10 years when added  up together. Obviously, that is not sustainable. It is an astounding  price tag. In fact, as Senator Alexander said on the floor earlier  today, future Presidents could actually use this emergency authority to  tear down the very wall we are now constructing, and some Democrats  running for President have said that is what they intend to do. That is  what they want to do.   The President is using the National Emergencies Act to take funds  away from a particular area of spending. It is called military  construction funds. Only twice before have Presidents declared a  national emergency in order to transfer military construction funds  away from congressionally designated projects into other priorities. In  both of those situations, we were at war, and the Secretary of Defense  transferred the funds to support the war effort, and Congress did not  object. Although there is a crisis at our southern border, we are not  in wartime, and there are funds available to address border security.   The President wants to do more to address the crisis at the border,  and I do, too, and he can do more. The President has available to him  enough funds, right now, to begin building all the barriers he has  requested without resorting to national emergency funds. I support his  using those funds to get to the full $5.7 billion he requested for  barriers on the southern border.   Here is how we could access it without using the national emergency.  First would be the $1.375 billion appropriated by this Congress for the  barriers. By the way, that is the most that has ever been appropriated  in a fiscal year, ever, for the purpose of barriers. Second, he can  access, as he intends to do, $601 million from the Treasury Forfeiture  Fund. He could do that without a national emergency. Third, he could  access funding through the DOD counter-drug account. He has said that  he would like to access about $2.5 billion from that account, but he  could actually access, under our laws that we have passed here--and we  have given him authority to access--up to $4 billion. This adds up, as  we can see, to over $5.7 billion--almost $6 billion--which is at the  President's disposal without moving to the national emergency that he  has invoked. My hope is that the President will take this approach.   I think using those funds is a better way to accomplish our border  security goals. Precisely because the President does not need to  declare a national emergency, these funds are far more certain. The  $3.6 billion the President takes from the military construction  projects is uncertain because these funds are likely to be tied up in  constitutional litigation for months, probably years. By the way, the  President has rightly acknowledged that.   Under the National Emergencies Act, Congress has given the President  flexibility to address significant threats to our Nation's well-being,  and we want him to have that flexibility. It was critical for President  Bush to act quickly and decisively in the days after the 9/11 attacks.  But short of that type of situation, it is imperative for the President  to honor Congress's constitutional role to make policy and appropriate  money. A national emergency declaration is a tool to be used cautiously  and sparingly. That is why I cosponsored legislation, authored by  Senator Mike Lee, to amend the National Emergencies Act to ensure that  Congress does have more control over these decisions in the future.   So in my view, the best resolution here is for the President to use  that nearly $6 billion in funding that he has at his disposal to  implement his plan, and, then, ask Congress for additional funding  during the next appropriations cycle, which, by the way, begins on  October 1 of this year.   This approach, again, has three distinct advantages. One, it would  not set the dangerous precedent we discussed today. Second, the funds  could actually get to the border because they will not be tied up in  litigation. Third, it would fully protect important military  construction projects in Ohio and around the country--including, by the  way, funding for the National Air and Space Intelligence Center, or  NASIC, at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base; an automated,  multipurpose machine gun range at Camp James A. Garfield; a fire  station replacement at Mansfield Lahm Airport; a small arms range at  Rickenbacker International Airport, and a main gate relocation project  at Youngstown Air Reserve Station. All of those are things in the  current fiscal year Military Construction appropriations bill that  benefit Ohio. I am a strong supporter and advocate for Ohio's military  facilities and our research institutions, and I will continue to work  to ensure that our key military construction projects at these  strategic facilities can continue to move forward.   I have worked on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. I have had the  honor of being a Senator and a Congressman on this side, and I have  worked for two White Houses. In fact, I was Associate Counsel to  President Bush 41 in his White House Counsel's office. I know how hard  it can be for the executive branch, the President, and Congress to find  the balance that our Founders intended between the executive branch and  the legislative branch, but our Founders drew a clear line on at least  one thing: Congress, closest to the people, would have the power of the  purse.   When President Obama bypassed Congress and took executive action to  create new immigration policy back in 2012, I spoke out. I criticized  him because of the constitutionality issue. I said I agreed with  President Obama that our immigration system was--and, by the way, still  is--broken. I agreed we needed to work together to fix it, but, I said  that it doesn't mean that a President can ignore Congress, substitute  his own judgment for the will of the people, and make up new laws on  his own. That is what I said President Obama did. I believed it was  wrong then.   I believe the President's use of the national emergency declaration  to access already approved military construction project funding is  wrong now. I support his goals. President Trump is right that we have a  crisis, and I support his plans to secure the border, and he can fully  fund it in a more reliable way. By the way, anyone who cares about  getting that money to the border to build walls ought to want that  certainty.   Each one of us in this body has sworn an oath to support and defend  the Constitution of the United States. So today I will vote to support  the disapproval resolution that is before us.   I know the President has the votes to pursue his approach. Even if  the disapproval resolution passes, he can veto it, and his veto will be  sustained. I know that, but I continue to hope that the President uses  the funds he has available to him without creating a bad precedent,  having some of the needed funds tied up in the courts, and taking money  from important military projects.   President Trump is right about the crisis at the border, and the  approach I outlined today would enable him to accomplish his policy  objectives on the border and honor our Constitution.   I yield the floor.   