 Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment, which  increases the authorization of STOP grants from $40 million to $60  million. The amendment does not have an offset from any other account.   We had a hearing on this important legislation in committee. The  gentlewoman is correct in stating that domestic violence is a problem  and we must take action to confront it. It was disappointing that the  legislation was taken from what was a bipartisan consensus and turned  into a partisan document that went far beyond the underlying  legislation which was allowed to expire.   We had a hearing, and no witness that I recall advocated, during  committee, for increasing the authorization level for STOP grants.   STOP grants do perform a vital service. In fact, one of my first jobs  out of law school was prosecuting under a STOP grant, prosecuting  domestic violence cases in Rockingham County in Harrisonburg, Virginia.   In the markup in committee, not a single Democrat offered any  amendment to increase the authorization level by an additional $20  million. There has been no reason given to add an additional 50 percent  to this specific program as opposed to any program. So I would urge my  colleagues to oppose this amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I would state to the esteemed chairman of the  committee that we have proceeded without offsets for many, many years  [[Page H3074]]  on many, many things, and that is one of the reasons why we are over  $20 trillion in debt right now.   This House must exercise fiscal restraint and bring its budget back  into some semblance of order and exercise responsibility. And so an  offset is responsible, is appropriate, does not exist, and was never  discussed.   The chairman talks about experts. We heard from no expert at the  committee level as to the need for the additional $20 million in STOP  grants.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition, although I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Madam Chairwoman, I would answer the gentlewoman by saying  that we are in agreement that domestic violence is a problem, and  regardless of who you are in this country, you deserve protection if  you are a victim of domestic violence. No matter, woman, man, gay,  straight, you deserve protection if you are a victim of domestic  violence, and we need to provide adequate protection.   Unfortunately, this bill does not provide that protection when you  are allowing environments to be created where victims are at risk of  being revictimized, whether it is through the legal process, or through  the shelter process. We have problems with this bill overall. But I  commend the gentlewoman for her amendment, because it does ensure that  the laws regarding immigration in this country are complied with.   I wish that we had gone further. I offered an amendment on another  bill at committee to ensure that ICE was notified whenever an illegal  immigrant committed a crime involving a firearm so that they could be  deported quicker. I wish that that had been attempted in this  legislation as well. ICE deserves to be notified when someone is  convicted of a crime of domestic violence if that defendant is illegal.   So while we could not go further, I thank the gentlewoman for  offering the amendment. I do not oppose it, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   