 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from  Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), the distinguished chairman of the  committee, who has done, I think, an extraordinary job.   I was listening to my friend from Georgia, and--I don't know--maybe  he forgot what it was like the previous 8 years. In the last Congress  in which my friend from Georgia sat on the Rules Committee, we had the  most closed-rule bills coming to the floor in the history of the  Congress.   Mr. McGovern has aptly pointed out how many amendments are in this  bill. One of the reasons we are here night after night voting on dozens  and dozens of amendments is because the Rules Committee got opened up  under Mr. McGovern's leadership and his able staff.   I congratulate them, and I salute them for opening up the process  that my friends on the other side closed down.   Madam Speaker, I also wanted to rise in support of this rule and the  underlying bill, which would make critical domestic investments in law  enforcement, infrastructure, and our Nation's veterans.   I particularly want to commend the Appropriations Committee  Chairwoman Lowey and Chairman Price for including in this bill a $150  million matching program in capital investment for the Washington  Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, the Nation's capital.   This funding is part of a successful Federal-State partnership and  has been used for major investments to upgrade Metro. The three Metro  jurisdictions--Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C.--collectively  match this $150 million annual payment with an equal amount of $150  million, for a total of $350 million a year over a 10-year period.   Without that continued Federal participation, this funding  partnership would, in fact, cease, leaving a massive shortfall in  WMATA's capital budget.   I look forward to working with the chairwoman of Transportation and  Infrastructure, Eleanor Holmes Norton, of Washington, D.C., and my  colleagues to advance a long-term and enhanced reauthorization of  dedicated funding for WMATA.   I have introduced a bill, the METRO Accountability and Investment  Act, would do just that and has the full support of every single member  of the National Capital Delegation: Maryland, Virginia, and Washington,  D.C.   This bill uses a carrot-and-stick approach to both invest in the  essential transit system as well as to hold the system accountable in  providing a more safe, more reliable service. I believe, with those  incentives, we can make Metro great again.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' on this rule and support the  underlying bill as well. And I salute my colleagues for understanding  how investments have positive returns on them.   