 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we are in the midst of a stealth  campaign. Normally, we think about ``stealth'' as associated with  bombers or submarines, weapons platforms designed to go, in effect,  under the radar, to avoid detection, to escape public notice or the  notice of our adversaries.   This stealth campaign is really hiding in plain sight. It is a  campaign to remake our Federal judiciary in the image of the far-right  extreme of the Republican Party, the far-right extreme ideologically  and politically, a campaign, in effect, to outsource selections of  judges to groups that reflect those extreme points of view--the  Heritage Society and other such groups.   Shortly, we will consider the nomination of the latest individual  nominated by the President, outsourced to those groups: Eric Miller, of  Washington, to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. The effort here is  to drastically reshape our judiciary but, in the process, also  dismantle the norms and practices critical to the health of our  democracy. The judiciary is essential to the health of our democracy.   In the future, when we look back on this era--a dark and dangerous  time for our democracy--the heroes will be our free press and our  independent judiciary because they have been selected in the past by  both Republican and Democratic Presidents based on qualities of  integrity, intelligence, and independence.   That norm, common to both Republican and Democratic administrations  in the past, has been broken by this one. One of the norms that has  been broken in the U.S. Senate relates to the use of blue slips. Most  of the public has no idea what blue slips are. They are the traditional  mechanism used over decades to afford home State Senators the  opportunity to express their approval or disapproval for fitness, a  basic quality of a President's judicial nominee to a court that has  jurisdiction over their State.   What is the reason? Well, Senators just happen to spend a lot of time  talking with folks at home. We talk to farmers, businesspeople,  lawyers. A lot of those lawyers know fellow lawyers. Of course, we  receive the ABA qualified or unqualified ratings, but they are single  words based on fact gathering that may or may not be as reliable as our  colleagues--the lawyers who appear in front of judges, who go to court  every day, who have settlement conferences, who rely on the word of  their colleagues, which is either good or bad, who know their integrity  and intelligence, who know whether they have the temperament to sit in  judgment of cases that will have enduring and irreparable ramifications  for the litigants who appear in front of them.   Respecting the blue-slip tradition ensures that when there is a  Federal judicial vacancy--for Connecticut, for example--that the  President nominate a qualified candidate from Connecticut with the  advice and consent of Connecticut Senators. The same is true for the  Presiding Officer's home State of  [[Page S1466]]  Tennessee or any of the other States involved here. I am sure my  colleagues from Texas or North Carolina or wherever would want a  Democratic President to consult them when making appointments to the  courts that have jurisdiction over the people, the litigants, the folks  who have to go to court with their grievances in their States. Blue  slips may be a courtesy, but they are important to the functioning of  our society.    Until the Trump administration, only five judges had ever been  confirmed with only one blue slip in the last 100 years. That means one  Senator from that State objected. Only five went through with that one  objection and with the other Senator saying OK.   To our knowledge, no judge has ever been confirmed without having  both blue slips from their home State Senators. Eric Miller would be a  first.   Sometimes it is good to be a first but not so here. We are witnessing  another norm being shattered in realtime. We need to know from the  majority: Is this the road we really want to go down in this Chamber?   I take my constitutional responsibilities very seriously, especially  when it comes to the confirmation of judges, as someone who has spent  most of my professional career in the courtroom, either as a lawyer in  private practice or a U.S. attorney for Connecticut or as attorney  general in my State for 20 years.   This issue is important because not only is it a matter of courtesy,  but it is a matter of completeness.   This nomination is a stealth nomination in a very important sense,  also, as far as the process for his confirmation is concerned. Only one  Senator--one Senator--has actually asked him questions on the record in  public. That is because his confirmation hearing was scheduled at a  time when only one Member of the U.S. Senate was there to ask him  questions.   It was held during a month-long recess in October. Only two members  of the committee--Senators Hatch and Crapo--could attend the hearing.  Only Senator Crapo questioned Mr. Miller for a 5-minute round of  questions.   All 10 Democratic members of the Judiciary, including me, wrote to  Senator Grassley to have the hearing rescheduled. We asked, and he  refused. We wrote Senator Grassley again to have a second hearing so  that the full committee could provide advice and consent after  questioning Mr. Miller's nomination. We had no success.   If Mr. Miller is confirmed, he will have been questioned by that one  Senator, Mr. Crapo--out of 100--for a grand total of 5 minutes. That is  not the way this system should work.   I do take my constitutional responsibilities seriously. This process  makes a sham of the obligations we all have a sworn duty to fulfill.   In conclusion, let me say that in November of 2018, the Ninth Circuit  ruled against the President. He described that case as ``a disgrace.''  He painted the ruling of the Ninth Circuit as biased by describing one  of the judges as an ``Obama judge.'' President Trump ultimately stated  that the Ninth Circuit is ``not fair'' because every case the  administration files in the Ninth Circuit results in a loss.   He has made no secret of his frustration about judges generally,  whether they were chosen by Republican or Democratic Presidents in the  past. He has made no secret of his contempt for judges who uphold the  rule of law and, as Chief Justice Roberts said, ``do equal right to  those appearing before them.''   Chief Justice Roberts also stated that an ``independent judiciary is  something we should all be thankful for.''   The nomination of Eric Miller betrays that essential principle of the  American judiciary. It diminishes and reduces the independence of our  judiciary at a level that we can ill afford and at a time when  independence is most important. I think this nomination is particularly  objectionable in light of that lack of independence.   Mr. Miller's nomination is opposed by the National Congress of  American Indians, the Native American Rights Fund, Winnebago Tribe of  Nebraska, and NARAL Pro-Choice America because of positions he has  taken. Those positions are also objectionable to me, but what is most  important is his lack of independence, the lack of proper process in  his confirmation, and his lack of qualifications for this job.   I hope my colleagues will join me in voting against him today.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   