 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for yielding to  me today.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 550, the  bipartisan Merchant Mariners of World War II Congressional Gold Medal  Act.   I want to express my deep gratitude to Representative   John  Garamendi, Representative   Don Young, and Representative Susan Brooks  for carrying this message forward.   This act will award this body's highest honor, the Congressional Gold  Medal, to midshipmen who fought on behalf of our country during World  War II. This is particularly important to me because I represent the  district that is  [[Page H7810]]  home to the Kings Point Merchant Marine Academy, and the Congressional  Gold Medal will be housed there at that location.   This is so wonderful that this is finally being done. I am a proud  member of the Board of Visitors at the United States Merchant Marine  Academy in Kings Point.   Kings Point, I want everyone to know, is the only service academy  whose students engage in combat during times of war. In fact, during  World War II, over 7,000 of these students answered our Nation's call  to duty, and 142 students gave the supreme sacrifice.   Today, only 600 of these veterans are still alive. Ralph Crump is one  of those veterans.   In 1941, Mr. Crump went on his first cruise as a freshman cadet at  the United States Merchant Marine Academy. He was quickly promoted to  third assistant engineer.   After his first cruise, Ralph was prepared to return to Kings Point  to finish his schooling when his captain told him there was no  replacement engineer and he needed to sail cargo for Russia. Over the  next 8 months, Ralph and his convoy suffered heavy casualties in the  Mediterranean, China, Burma, and India.   Crump later sailed ships taking exiled U.S. diplomats back to Asia,  returning with prisoners of war liberated from a Japanese camp near  Shanghai.   Ralph finally graduated from the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy a year  later, in 1946. Today, there is a Ralph Crump wing in the National  World War II Museum in New Orleans named in his honor.   This is just one example of so many merchant mariners who did so much  during this time, but I especially want to point out the students who  served during wartime from the Merchant Marine Academy.   Brave men and women like Ralph at the Merchant Marine Academy in  Kings Point, as well as the mariners who served across the country,  deserve this highest recognition. It is not too late. It is time we  recognize their sacrifice and award them the much-deserved  Congressional Gold Medal.   Madam Speaker, I applaud my colleagues again for their leadership,  and I ask the whole House to support our brave merchant mariners.   