 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong opposition to H.R. 312,  the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe Reservation Reaffirmation Act. This bill  will allow the Mashpee Tribe to open a massive off-reservation casino  right on the border of Rhode Island and Massachusetts, nearly 40 miles  away from their historic Tribal lands in Cape Cod.   The Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe became federally recognized in 2007.  Under the Indian Reorganization Act, the United States Department of  the Interior is only allowed to take land into trust for Tribes  recognized before 1934.   In 2009, the U.S. Supreme Court confirmed this Federal standard in  the Carcieri v. Salazar decision. In 2015, the U.S. Department of the  Interior ignored the Indian Reorganization Act and the U.S. Supreme  Court's ruling and took land into trust for the Mashpee Tribe.   A year later, the residents of Taunton, Massachusetts, sued and won  in U.S. district court to stop the casino from being built in their  town. The district court ruled that the Department of the Interior  should not have taken land into trust for the Mashpee Tribe and  instructed the Department to conduct a further review of the Tribe's  eligibility.   After reviewing the Mashpee Tribe's application last year, the U.S.  Department of the Interior rejected the Tribe's claim based on the  finding that the Tribe was not under Federal jurisdiction in 1934,  which meant the Department lacked authority under Federal law to take  land into trust on their behalf.   Today's bill would reverse this final decision of the Federal court  and the Department of the Interior and disregard the U.S. Supreme Court  precedent in allowing the Tribe to build an off-reservation casino in  Taunton, Massachusetts.   If H.R. 312 passes today, it would be the first time--I repeat, the  first time--Congress ever reversed a final Federal court ruling that  determined a Tribe did not meet the Federal standard to have land taken  into trust by the U.S. Department of the Interior.   The impact of this bill would be disastrous and would open a  floodgate for Tribes to come to Washington to hire the biggest  lobbyists they can to get their carve-out from Congress.   Do we really want to go down this road? Does Congress want to be in  the business of picking winners and losers? That is exactly what this  bill does.   The Tribal land system shouldn't depend on which Tribes hire the most  expensive lobbyists. Instead, it should be based on fairness under our  law and applied equally.   Instead of this bill directly benefiting the Tribe, as some have  suggested, the bill will bail out Genting, the Malaysian hedge fund  that is financing this deal. Even if this bill passes today and the  Mashpee build a casino, it is very unlikely, according to all the  experts, that the Mashpee casino will ever be profitable for the Tribe  because they owe Genting a half-billion dollars.   Proponents of this bill have argued that Congress is the last hope  for the Mashpee Tribe and that they will go bankrupt without this  casino, but Genting Malaysia has already written off the half-billion  dollars it gave to the Tribe as a loss on its financial statements. If  today's bill fails, the Mashpee Tribe does not need to pay back this  money because, under the agreement with Genting, it is contingent on  the casino being built. The debt is erased.   Regardless of what happens with this bill today, the Mashpee Tribe  will still be a federally recognized Tribe and will continue to receive  Federal benefits.   Mr. Speaker, I started off opposing this bill because of the damage  it would do to Rhode Island's economy. The casino in Rhode Island  generates over $300 million in economic activity and is responsible for  thousands of jobs in Rhode Island. I am very proud of my fierce defense  for my State, and putting an off-reservation casino on the border will  have a significant, negative impact on Rhode Island.   But the more I learned about this legislation, the more I realized  the dangerous precedent this bill would set if it became law. H.R. 312  would reverse a Federal court ruling, undermine the Indian  Reorganization Act, ignore a U.S. Supreme Court ruling, and reject the  2018 decision by the U.S. Department of the Interior. Most  perniciously, it is a special deal for a single Tribe, and that is just  wrong.   I stand here in opposition to this bill not only because of the  impact on my  [[Page H3820]]  State, and not because I am unsympathetic to the challenges the Tribe  faces, but this legislation will continue their exploitation by a  powerful foreign entity.   I urge my colleagues to defeat this bill, and I thank the gentleman  for yielding.    Will the gentleman yield?    Yes.    I am not aware of the information they had.    Again, I don't know about the legal proceedings. I  know that the litigation was begun by the people in the local  community.   