 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend,  the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Collins, for  yielding today.   Today, I rise in opposition of H.R. 4, the Voting Rights Advancement  Act of 2019.   I fully support the bipartisan Voting Rights Act, which is still in  place today. However, the bill we are debating today, H.R. 4, is not a  reauthorization of the important, historically bipartisan Voting Rights  Act that has helped to prevent discrimination at the ballot box since  1965.   It has only been since the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Shelby  County v. Holder that Democrats have decided to politicize the Voting  Rights Act. This landmark decision left the vast majority of the Voting  Rights Act in place today.   The only thing that was struck down from the VRA was the formula that  was using 40-year-old data to determine which States were placed under  the control of the Department of Justice, this process known as  preclearance. The Supreme Court deemed this data and formula was no  longer accurate nor relevant for our country's current climate.   Chief Justice Roberts said: ``The Voting Rights Act of 1965 employed  extraordinary measures to address an extraordinary problem.''   He went on to say that: ``Regardless of how to look at the record, no  one can fairly say that it shows anything approaching the `pervasive,'  `flagrant,' `widespread,' and `rampant' discrimination that faced''  this ``Congress,'' this institution, ``in 1965, and that clearly  distinguished the covered jurisdictions from the rest of the Nation.''   So what does H.R. 4 do? It doubles down on federalizing elections and  would attempt to put every State and jurisdiction in this country under  preclearance.   The majority has been unable to determine the number of States or  jurisdictions that would be covered by this preclearance if H.R. 4 were  to become law. Apparently, we have to pass this bill before the  American people would know if they would or would not be subjected to  it.   The majority knows H.R. 4 is bad policy that will cripple thousands  of local election officials across the country if it were ever to  become law.   Let me be clear: H.R. 4 is not a Voting Rights Act reauthorization  bill. H.R. 4 is about two things: placing the unnecessary preclearance  requirements on to States, and the Democrats giving the Department of  Justice control over all election activity.   My committee, the Committee on House Administration, has jurisdiction  over Federal election policy, but it does not have jurisdiction over  the Voting Rights Act. That goes to the Judiciary Committee. Despite  that lack of jurisdiction, our Subcommittee on Elections held seven  field hearings and one listening session across this great country on  the Voting Rights Act, encompassing eight different States and over  13,000 miles of air travel.   Even with this gargantuan effort to gather evidence to reinstate the  struck-down formula from the VRA that we are discussing today, the  Democrats were still unable to produce a single voter who wanted to  vote and was unable to cast a ballot.   This isn't a bad thing. It is a fantastic thing. It ought to be  celebrated. We should be celebrating that Americans who wanted to vote  were able to do that, and credit should be given to the Voting Rights  Act for helping to achieve that.   The 2018 midterm election produced the highest voting turnout in four  decades--and that is according to data from our Census Bureau-- especially among minority voters.   The sections of the Voting Rights Act that are currently in effect  are continuing to help safeguard the public from discrimination at the  ballot box. Every eligible American who wants to vote in this country's  elections should be able to cast a ballot. That is why we have the  Voting Rights Act, a great example, until today, of a bipartisan  solution that is still working today to help Americans and protect from  voter discrimination.    I have now seen four election-related bills from the majority come to  this floor, and all of them have the same common theme: catchy titles  and federalizing elections, a responsibility the Constitution gives to  our States.   H.R. 4 is simply more of the same. It is a solution in search of a  problem. That is why I cannot support this legislation.   I ask my colleagues to join me in making sure States maintain control  of their elections.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4 is the fourth  partisan attempt by this majority to federalize our elections. One  thing all four of these partisan bills have in common is they all have  good titles.   In October, the majority jammed through H.R. 4617, the SHIELD Act, an  attempt to federally hijack campaign finance law in this country. In  June, the majority jammed through H.R. 2722, the SAFE Act, an attempt  to federally hijack election infrastructure in this country. And in  February, the majority jammed through H.R. 1, the For the People Act, a  piece of legislation that, as introduced, would fund all of our  campaigns with tax dollars from hardworking Americans.   Catchy titles can't hide the facts, and the facts are that these four  bills are bad partisan policy that would negatively affect the American  people.   When the Democrats proposed public financing of campaigns in H.R. 1,  I could hardly believe it. The 6-to-1 small-dollar campaign match  program would create a mandatory donation from the American taxpayer to  a political candidate.   For every $200 donated by hardworking Americans to any political  campaign of all of us in this institution, the Federal Government, on  the backs of the taxpayers, would give $1,200 to that same politician's  campaign.   This program would do nothing but fill the swamp, and any Member who  voted for it was voting to fill their own pockets and the pockets of  political operatives nationwide.   At Rules Committee, though, this was changed. The shell game now  includes a fund which is supposedly financed through fines and  settlements. But we have now seen the CBO score, and this fund does not  support itself.   So what happens when it fails? I will tell you. It will ultimately  fall to the taxpayers in this country to support this Democratic  policy.   But fines and settlements take us back to the legislation we hope to  recommit to the committee today. There are Members who would have you  believe that there are currently no existing laws protecting the right  for every American to vote or that the Voting Rights Act is no longer  in place. However, the Voting Rights Act is in effect today and  protecting every American's right to vote, and it includes many  important provisions:   Title I of the Voting Rights Act, 52 United States Code 10501(a)  says: No citizen shall be denied, because of his failure to comply with  any test or device, the right to vote in any election.   That is still in effect today, without H.R. 4, and it comes with a  $5,000 fine if you don't follow that.   Section 307(a): No person shall prevent another who is entitled to  vote, from voting. Still in effect, $5,000 fine.   Section 308(b): No person shall destroy, deface, or alter official  voting ballots. Still in effect, $5,000 fine.  [[Page H9332]]    307(c): No person shall provide false information in registering to  vote, or in voting. Still in effect, $10,000 fine.   307(e): No person shall vote more than once. Still in effect, $10,000  fine.   307(d): No person shall falsify or conceal material facts. Still in  effect, $10,000 fine.   307(b): No person shall intimidate, threaten, or coerce any person  for voting or attempting to vote. Still in effect.   Do not let anyone tell you the Voting Rights Act is not alive and  well in this country. What we have debated today is not a  reauthorization of this important, historically bipartisan legislation  that has prevented discrimination at the ballot box, because it does  not need reauthorization.   Sections 2 and 3 of the VRA that are currently in effect are  continuing to help safeguard the public from discrimination at the  ballot box. Every eligible American who wants to vote in our country's  elections should be able to cast their vote.   This bill is only about preclearance and the Democrat majority giving  the Department of Justice and the Federal Government control over all  election activity.   Jurisdictions under preclearance cannot move a polling location,  expand vote-by-mail efforts, nor properly maintain their voting rolls  without a partisan Department of Justice clearing everything they do.  This is about control and taking power away from State and local  election officials who they don't like and putting it in the hands of  the Federal Government.   This bill does not reauthorize the Voting Rights Act. What does it  do? It opens the doors for fines and settlements in this country,  including under this act, to be hijacked once again by my colleagues  for their own political campaigns if they get their way.   My motion to recommit is simple: Make it clear to your constituents  that fines and settlements under the VRA will not be going to your own  campaign coffers.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   