 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill, but there is something even  much more important this week in Congress.   In 2012, President Obama was caught on camera giving Russia's then- President Medvedev a secret message to be given to his soon-to-be  successor, Vladimir Putin. President Obama said: ``On all these issues,  but particularly missile defense, this can be solved, but it is  important for him to give me space. This is my last election. After my  election, I have more flexibility.''   In other words, President Obama's secret promise to reward Russia  with flexibility on missile defense and other issues, to the detriment  of U.S. national security, was if the Russians did not stir up trouble  during his Presidential campaign.   This exchange between President Obama and Russian President Medvedev  is an actual quid pro quo. President Obama's offer was accepted and was  acted upon by the Russians. Both sides exchanged something of value.   President Obama's quid pro quo led to specific actions by his  administration. He was weak against Russia in  [[Page H10300]]  many respects, he broke missile defense agreements with our beleaguered  Eastern European allies, he tried to stop or delay nuclear parity with  Russia, and he repeatedly blocked attempts by Republicans to provide  lethal aid to Ukraine.   By the way, under President Trump, we are finally strong against  Russia. We are now building a more robust NATO, enhancing our missile  defense agreements and troop presence in Eastern Europe, and finally  sending the lethal aid to Ukraine that President Obama had refused to  send.   But President Obama engaged in an actual quid pro quo with Russia to  give him political advantage. It came at the expense of Ukraine, an  ally. It sounds a lot like what the Democrats are accusing President  Trump of. Why were the Democrats silent back then?   These two scenarios, that and the present-day impeachment  proceedings, sound similar, but there is at least one big difference:  the alleged quid pro quo between Presidents Trump and Zelensky never  translated into even an understanding by the Ukrainians that they had  to do something. In fact, they never did anything, such as announce a  corruption investigation of the Bidens, which I believe was a situation  crying out for an investigation.   When you come right down to it, the real abuse of power was by  President Obama. Was it a horrible judgment call to trade favors with  the Russians? Yes. Was it impeachable? Republicans who were in control  of the House then did not think so.   That is the difference between Democrats and Republicans. Republicans  may not always like what a President of the other party does, but we  don't elevate policy differences into a nuclear war involving  impeachment, a constitutional remedy that should be reserved for things  like criminal acts and treason.   This week's impeachment proceedings are nothing more than a political  vendetta by the Democrats masquerading as a constitutional remedy.  Let's stop this charade now and kill this impeachment.    Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. I support it; I  urge its adoption.   I have to take this opportunity to address another vital issue that  we are addressing this week in Congress, but we are not having any time  to debate, practically speaking. All special orders have been shut  down, all 1 minutes have been shut down, practically speaking, so I am  going to take this moment and address the impeachment issue, which we  will be voting on as early as Wednesday.   I rise to highlight the work of the late President John Fitzgerald  Kennedy, who wrote the book, ``Profiles in Courage.''   In this book, then-Senator Kennedy highlighted six Senators who each  took a stand for what they knew was right, risking their political  futures in favor of their convictions. One of these Senators was Kansas  Senator Edmund Ross, who courageously cast the deciding vote against  his own political party and against the impeachment of President Andrew  Johnson despite enormous pressure from his colleagues in Congress.   Senator Ross was a brilliant freshman senator with enormous  potential, yet he sacrificed it all with one vote in 1868.   During the process, an onlooker overheard him say that he had no  sympathy for President Johnson but wanted to see a fair trial.   Ross' reverence for the Constitution and the institutions of American  government superseded the wishes of his own political party.   Today, my friends and colleagues across the aisle would do well to  learn from Senator Ross, who put principle and a strong belief in the  Constitution over the fads and crazes of the politics of the moment.  His reasoning echoes loudly today.    If a President could be forced out of office by insufficient evidence  that was generated from partisan disagreement, the Presidency would  then be under the control of whatever congressional faction held sway.   The American people clearly decided in 2016 that Donald Trump is our  President.   I fear that, throughout this impeachment process, my colleagues  across the aisle will choose to cast aside the Constitution and the  will of the American people as they carry out this hyperpartisan  impeachment.   History will long remember those who stood and courageously defended  the Constitution, just as Senator Ross did on that fateful day as he  forged his profile in courage by bucking his own political party.   I wonder if my colleagues understand the legacy they are forging. My  question for them simply is this: Who of you will choose to be a  profile in courage?   