 Madam Speaker, when I took the oath of office in January,  I entered Congress prepared to work with President Trump whenever  possible and to stand up to him whenever necessary. In my first year, I  have ranked among the top five of 235 House Democrats in voting with  the president. In a deeply divided and partisan Congress, the  opportunities for agreement have often felt limited, but I have sought  in good faith to work with him as best I can.   Since January, I have received many phone calls and letters from  constituents calling upon me to support efforts to impeach the  president for a wide range of reasons. I have resisted those efforts  and maintained that the impeachment of the President of the United  States must be considered as a last resort, reserved only for the most  serious crimes and constitutional abuses.   Earlier this year, upon the conclusion of Special Counsel Robert  Mueller's investigation, I determined that there was no evidence that  the president had committed an impeachable offense, and as a result I  opposed calls for his impeachment. In my view, the Special Counsel's  report identified a pattern of conduct beneath the office of the  presidency, specifically: poor judgement, efforts to exert undue  influence over an investigation, and attempts to obstruct justice.  However, in reviewing the available facts, I did not find sufficient  information to support impeachment principally because the Special  Counsel did not find adequate evidence that the president or his  campaign team were involved in a conspiracy to collude or coordinate  with Russian efforts to interfere with U.S. elections. It was my  personal judgement that the president's efforts to impede the  investigation did not meet the threshold for launching impeachment  proceedings.   What mattered most in my assessment of the Special Counsel's report  was whether or not the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia to  interfere in our elections--actions that, if proven, would have crossed  a clear red line. This concern was rooted in the history of our nation,  for there is no doubt that the Founders were fearful of foreign  influence in our domestic affairs. In Federalist No. 68, Alexander  Hamilton wrote:   ``Nothing was more to be desired than that every practicable obstacle  should be opposed to cabal, intrigue, and corruption. These most deadly  adversaries of republican government might naturally have been expected  to make their approaches from more than one quarter, but chiefly from  the desire in foreign powers to gain an improper ascendant in our  councils [emphasis added]. How could they better gratify this, than by  raising a creature of their own to the chief magistracy of the Union?''   Our Framers also understood that impeachment may be necessary to  protect American elections. During the Constitutional Convention, James  Madison argued that waiting for an election to vote a president out of  office might not be a sufficient safeguard, because the president  ``might betray his trust to foreign powers.'' Similarly, in debating  the need to include a procedure for impeachment in the Constitution,  the Framers conceived of how a president might abuse his power in order  to win an election. George Mason asked the Constitutional Convention,  ``Shall the man who has practiced corruption, and by that means  procured his appointment in the first instance, be suffered to escape  punishment by repeating his guilt?''   I have argued previously that to the extent that my constituents  consider the president's actions, most of them believe that the future  of our country's leadership and direction should be determined at the  ballot box in 2020. I continue to believe that sentiment, but in order  for my constituents to voice their opinions on the direction of the  country, the security of the 2020 presidential election must be  guaranteed, and the integrity of the election must be without question.  That is why I find the president's most recent actions with regard to  Ukraine and the upcoming election deeply troubling and unacceptable.   In evaluating the president's actions, I have consulted the  statements of the Founders and of members of Congress who spoke during  previous impeachment hearings. I have studied the late law professor  Charles Black's monograph Impeachment: A Handbook, written at the  height of Watergate. I have considered carefully the depositions of key  witnesses, watched hours of the testimony provided in public hearings,  and carefully listened to the questions and statements of my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle. The length of my process has frustrated  some of my constituents, but on a matter of such gravity, I have felt a  responsibility to take the time necessary to gather all available  information before making a decision.   Here is what we know: in September, the White House released a call  summary showing that on July 25, 2019, just one day after the Special  Counsel presented his findings about the 2016 election to Congress,  President Trump solicited the Government of Ukraine to publicly  announce investigations into a political opponent, former Vice  President Joe Biden. The president requested this investigation despite  the fact that officials in both the United States and Ukraine have  rejected the accusations as baseless.   The president's intent in the July 25 phone call is clear. He  specifically references both the former vice president and his son,  Hunter Biden. We also know from depositions taken as part of the House  impeachment inquiry that the president's personal lawyer, Rudy  Giuliani, was concurrently demanding that Ukrainian officials publicly  announce investigations into Burisma, the company where Hunter Biden  served as a board member, before the White House would agree to arrange  a meeting between President Trump and the new Ukrainian president. Key  members of the Trump Administration's diplomatic corps testified under  oath that this head of state meeting was contingent upon the  announcement Of these politically-motivated investigations.   The House investigation clearly unearthed a pattern of evidence that  demonstrates the corrupt intent on the part of the president, his  personal lawyer, and members of his administration to leverage the  powers of the presidency to damage a political opponent and strengthen  the president's reelection prospects. Given that the sought-after  investigation was solicited from a foreign government, the president's  actions are a realization of the Framers' greatest fears: foreign  corruption of our electoral process, and a president willing to  leverage the powers of his office to benefit his own reelection. This  action crossed a clear red line, and in my view, there is no doubt that  this is an impeachable act. For this reason, I will vote for Article I  of the House resolution to impeach President Trump for an abuse of  power.   I did not reach this conclusion lightly. Although I find that there  is indisputable evidence that the president solicited the interference  of a foreign government in the 2020 U.S. presidential election, I  believe that the burden of proof for part of the first article, that  the president withheld military assistance to Ukraine in order to  secure the investigation of Vice President Biden, will be harder to  meet in a Senate trial. While I believe it is reasonable to conclude  there is sufficient evidence to support the other charges in Article I  and justify sending an indictment to the Senate for trial, I also  regret that the House did not package the charge regarding the military  aid as a separate article, rather than combining it with the  president's direct solicitation of a foreign investigation into his  political rival.   I have advocated for this change to Article I to House leadership, in  part because I believe it would provide for clearer debate in the  Senate and among the general public. Why exactly the Trump  Administration withheld military aid from Ukraine is a question on  which reasonable minds--looking at the same set of facts--may reach  different conclusions. But there is no such room for disagreement on  one stark fact: the President of the United States asked a foreign  government to aid in his reelection by soliciting an investigation of  his political opponent based upon trumped-up charges. Our Founders  feared exactly this situation, a president willing to illegitimately  wield the powers of his office against his political opponents in order  to secure his reelection. As North Carolina's William Davie remarked at  the 1787 Constitutional Convention, ``If he be  [[Page H12201]]  not impeachable whilst in office, he will spare no efforts or means  whatever to get himself reelected.''   Article II of the resolution presents a separate charge, that the  president ``without lawful cause or excuse,'' obstructed the  congressional inquiry into his actions. While I do not dispute that the  White House has been provocative in its defiance and sweeping in its  claims of executive privilege, I also believe there are legitimate and  unresolved constitutional questions about the limits of executive  privilege, and that before pursuing impeachment for this charge, the  House has an obligation to exhaust all other available options.   It is important to note that the House has not attempted to enforce  subpoenas for key witnesses to the charges before the president,  including those issued to Mick Mulvaney, John Eisenberg, and Russell  Vought. The House has also failed to issue subpoenas to other key  witnesses, like John Bolton and Rick Perry. In fact, because of a  political decision to wrap up impeachment proceedings as quickly as  possible, the House recently withdrew a subpoena for Charles Kupperman,  a senior aide to John Bolton, and House counsel asked a federal court  to dismiss a lawsuit that would clarify Mr. Kupperman's obligation to  testify.   At the heart of this matter is a debate about the limits of the  president's executive privilege, especially in the face of subpoenas  issued by congressional committees conducting an impeachment inquiry.  Professor Black has argued that executive privilege has a stronger  claim in the earlier stages of the impeachment process, but that by the  time of a Senate trial, it should be clearer what specific information  is necessary for Congress to conclude its proceedings.   I believe that the House must exercise as much restraint as possible  in order to avoid setting a dangerous precedent for the future. On the  one hand, each of the two political parties has an interest in  protecting the executive privilege of the White House; there are some  communications that should remain confidential, or at the very least  not be released publicly in order to protect our national security. On  the other hand, the White House has made broad and in my view excessive  claims regarding executive privilege, declaring as early as April of  this year that it would contest ``all the subpoenas'' and arguing that  Congress is powerless to force the White House to comply.   This tension is precisely why our system of government provides for a  forum in which disputes between the executive and the legislature over  the scope of their respective privileges and powers can be resolved.  That forum is the judicial branch. The House can--and in other contexts  has--gone to the courts to enforce committee subpoenas. Before wielding  our awesome power to impeach a sitting president, we first ought to  exhaust available judicial remedies, or--at the very least--give the  courts a chance. If the president were to defy a court order to produce  documents or to give testimony in an impeachment inquiry, or if he were  to encourage his subordinates to do the same, then a charge of  obstruction would be appropriate. But while the president's resistance  toward our investigative efforts has been frustrating, it has not yet,  in my view, reached the threshold of ``high crime or misdemeanor'' that  the Constitution demands. For that reason, I will vote against Article  II of the House resolution regarding obstruction of Congress.   To my constituents: please know that I am deeply dismayed by the  circumstances surrounding this inquiry, likely impeachment, and coming  trial of the president. Indeed, my concerns about our politics and the  health of our democracy have only grown over the course of this  process. The divisiveness of this impeachment inquiry has been terrible  for our country, just as the Framers knew it would be. I also believe,  however, that the president's efforts to solicit a foreign government's  involvement in our upcoming election to undermine a political opponent  represents a clear and imminent threat to our democracy that cannot go  unchecked. I see it as my duty to vote in support of Article I in order  to send a clear message to the president, to the country, and to the  world that foreign interference in American elections is not  acceptable, not welcomed, and will not be tolerated. In the end, I  believe the failure of Congress to act in a bipartisan fashion to send  this message may represent the greatest threat of all to the health of  our democracy.   Earlier this year, I expressed my concern that a partisan impeachment  would further deepen the political divisions in this country, and that  the best recourse would be to rely on our electoral process to litigate  our differences. But in this current moment, when the subject of the  president's actions has been to corrupt that very process, relying on  the next election cannot be the solution. As I square those concerns  with our current moment, I take solace in the words of a previous  congressman from Maine's Second District who also confronted an  impeachment vote during his first term in office. Concerned with the  divisive impact of impeachment on the country, then-Congressman William  Cohen observed:   It has been said that impeachment proceedings will tear this country  apart. To say that it will tear the country apart is a proposition I  cannot accept. I think what would tear the country apart would be to  turn our backs on the facts and our responsibilities to ascertain them.  That in my opinion would do far more to start the unraveling of the  fabrics of this country and the Constitution than would a strong  reaffirmation of that great document.   In the face of the evidence before me today, I believe Cohen's words  still ring true--but only if we commit ourselves not to become mired in  this current sad chapter of deep partisanship in American history. We  must turn our eyes to the future and look for ways to address the needs  of the country and our constituents. We have made progress in the past  few days with the passage of important legislation, like the National  Defense Authorization Act and the announcement of a budget deal that  keeps government open, accomplishes important healthcare reforms,  secures our borders, and funds our military. There remains much more  potential in the year ahead, if only we are able to set aside our  differences and work together toward common ground for the good of the  country.   