 Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition to this  appropriations bill at this time, in its current form.   Before I get into details, I want to thank my friend and colleague  Betty McCollum, the chair of the Interior, Environment, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee, for her leadership. I have had the honor of  serving with her as the ranking member on the subcommittee with  jurisdiction over appropriations contained in division C of this bill.   Throughout the 16 hearings and briefings on the important issues  under her jurisdiction, Chair McCollum has set the tone for civility,  fairness, and, on many topics, bipartisanship. Foremost among those  topics is the Indian Country.   Roughly one-quarter of this bill is dedicated to programs for  American Indians and Alaska Natives, whose ancestors paid in advance  with their lives and their land for the basic services which this bill  helps to provide.   These are true have-to-do Federal programs, and they continue to be a  nonpartisan priority in today's hyperpartisan environment.   In addition, I thank the chair and her capable staff for making a  genuine effort to accommodate bipartisan Members' requests in this  bill, as well as other requests addressing matters back in our  districts that will be appreciated by our constituents, regardless of  their party. In particular, for Great Lakes districts like mine, her  work has been extraordinary.   However, there are several matters in this bill which concern me  greatly and will need to be addressed before we can reach a bipartisan  agreement. Foremost among these concerns is a proposed 5 percent  overall increase for the Interior and Environment programs in the  absence of any new governmentwide budget agreement.   Current law mandates a 9 percent overall decrease to programs in this  bill beginning October 1, 2019. Even if the bill before us today were  to be enacted, all these programs would still be cut on that date. That  is why the bill before us today is completely unrealistic and nothing  short of a fairytale.   Of course, House Democratic leadership knows this already. That is  why this bill contains so many Member requests: to pressure Members  into voting for it and to use a strong vote count to pressure the  Senate and the President to agree to more spending.   All this bill is really doing is giving supporters false hope and  stealing the resolve of those of us who are truly concerned about  driving our Nation further into debt.   To be clear, there are critical programs in this bill that need more  funding, but decisions about increases must be made in the context of a  larger budget agreement so that increases can be offset elsewhere.   The other area of this bill which concerns me is policy. This bill  drops several longstanding, bipartisan policy provisions which will  need to be added back before we can get to a future bipartisan  agreement.   Meanwhile, this bill also adds in several new poison pill riders and  directives limiting domestic energy and mineral production. Limiting  our own supplies of much-needed natural resources does not decrease our  demand for them. It only makes us more dependent upon other nations to  obtain them in order to meet that demand, which is not only a national  security concern but is also an economic security concern. We cannot  protect American jobs if we cannot supply them with the energy and raw  materials.   So it is for a combination of these funding and policy reasons that I  cannot support this bill at this time, in its current form, but I am  committed to working with my colleagues as we move through the fiscal  year 2020 process to craft a bill that can receive bipartisan support  and keep government operating, continue our shared commitment to Indian  Country, and conserve our Nation's natural, cultural, and environmental  resources that we all care so deeply about.   Until then, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  package today.   