 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this dangerous  resolution. Right now, as I speak, Iran is stretching its tentacles of  terror across the Middle East.   By aiding the Houthis in Yemen, arming Hezbollah and Lebanon, and  supporting the Shiite militias in Iraq and Syria, Iran is creating a  Shia Crescent that can dominate the region. Their goal is to build a  strategic land bridge from Tehran to the Mediterranean Sea. If we allow  them to succeed, terrorism will flourish, instability will reign, and  the security of our allies, like Israel, will be threatened.   One of the ways we can push back against Iran's murderous aggression  is by empowering our partners in the region. Unfortunately, this  irresponsible resolution handcuffs our ability to do so.   Specifically, this legislation would prohibit an export license and  stop the United States from providing our partners with the arms that  they need to defend themselves. This particular license first came  before members of the Foreign Affairs Committee in January of 2018.  When I became the lead Republican in January of 2019, I reviewed this  case and maintained the informal approval granted by my predecessor,  Chairman Royce.   The administration has been criticized for bypassing Congress to push  these sales through. But the Democrats, in fairness, placed informal  holds on the sale for more than 13 months, a total of 407 days, which I  believe abuses the process that we have in place in Congress.   During that time, the State Department continued to pursue this case  with Congress. They also sent forward additional cases to help support  the Saudis, the UAE, and Jordan. And, by the time the State Department  submits such cases to Congress, they have already undergone a thorough  interagency review process.   This important process ensures compliance with the President's  conventional arms transfer policy intended to support our partners and  strengthen our national security. Other critics are worried that these  weapons will increase civilian casualties in Yemen.    However, the precision-guided munitions that we were trying to send  to the Saudis will actually lower the risk of civilian casualties in  Yemen as it counters attacks from Iranian-backed Houthis.   Now is not the time to deny our partners what they need for their  defense. Nor is it time to hold precision-guided munitions that could  minimize the risk to civilians.   Recently, after Iran attacked civilian ships and shot down drones--a  U.S. military asset--the President brought together a bipartisan group  of congressional leaders, including the chairman and myself, to discuss  an appropriate response. He listened to our advice and made a prudent  decision to exercise restraint.   The President has made it explicitly clear the United States is not  looking for war. The decision to move forward with these arms sales is  part of a larger effort to deter Iran. A key part of that effort is to  empower greater burden sharing by enhancing the defense capabilities of  our allies. These sales provide more options for deterring Iran that do  not all depend on U.S. intervention.   I support these sales, even though I do not think that all 22  required emergency certification--this is a point the chairman and I  actually agree on--especially those that will not be ready for delivery  until later this year. I support revising the law with Chairman Engel  to ensure and enhance the role of Congress in future emergency sales.   I thank the chairman for his bipartisan work with me on that  amendment to the NDAA that was passed by a wide margin.  [[Page H5937]]    But I do oppose relitigating prior, lawful sales to partners who face  growing threats to their security, which is what today's resolutions  attempt to do.   Mr. Speaker, we face many dynamic challenges. Iran threatens the  Middle East, it continues to pursue the eradication of Israel, and it  remains the number one state sponsor of terrorism around the world.  That threat is growing, not waning. For that reason, I believe that  Members should oppose today's resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to go back to when we debated the Yemen  resolution, which I thought was, once again, pro-Iran and pro-Houthi  rebel, and anti-Israel. It is interesting that after that passed this  Chamber, that the Houthi rebels celebrated a victory in the Congress,  thinking that the American people, through the Congress, actually  supported them.   We have to be responsible in our rhetoric on this floor and what we  stand for. Many in this body favor asking our partners around the world  to step up and do more to help protect our shared interests.   The President has called on other nations to take on the burden of  defeating terrorism in the Middle East and has commended our partners  for their contributions to regional security. Sharing this burden of  collective security interest is really vital to ensuring the United  States is not the only one bearing the costs in blood and treasure, for  we have borne way too much in the Middle East.   But these arms sales are where the rubber hits the road for burden  sharing. We cannot ask for partners to take on additional burdens while  withholding from them the tools to do so. We should and do work with  our partners to train them to use U.S.-origin equipment effectively and  responsibly. This is an ongoing process.   My fear is that if we are unwilling to provide our partners with the  means to ensure their own security and to invest the resources to turn  them into responsible users, then the United States will find itself as  a main guarantor of Middle East security. We have borne that burden for  the last several decades. We also need to be wary of our partners  turning to China and Russia for their defense needs.   Mr. Speaker, it was unfortunate how the current law, I believe, was  utilized for these 22 sales. That is where Chairman Engel and I agree.  And that is why we have worked on a bipartisan basis to refine this  process for invoking an emergency moving forward. We have the informal  congressional review process to try to resolve concerns regarding  sales.   But when Members place indefinite holds on sales and place a stop to  our  [[Page H5938]]  ability to share burdens with our partners--for 18 months in some  cases--it undermines our entire security strategy and the important  bilateral partnerships we worked so hard to establish and grow. For  that reason, I oppose the resolution, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   