 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Reed) for yielding.   Madam Speaker, the reason I am behind the microphone is because, in  the committee, we actually asked the question of staff and others who  were testifying that this look-back to be able to file for the marriage  deduction and benefits would not create a new avenue of audit, would  not create a new channel for opening up someone's tax records for a new  line of investigation.   The feedback we received as a committee was saying, no, this was very  specifically just to this benefit.   Did the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Neal) hear the same thing?    I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts.    Madam Speaker, I just thought it is important for all  of us to hear it on the Record that we are not opening up a new avenue  of investigation because I need to be brutally honest that the language  of the legislation, I don't think, is crisp enough on that point. Let's  make sure it is cleanly in at least the Record we have produced here  today.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Brady) for yielding.   I may come to the microphone with a slightly different message,  having been on the bipartisan multiemployer pension commission, having  hundreds of staff-hours into digging into the numbers and desperately  trying to come up  [[Page H7330]]  with an honest, holistic, complete solution.   I fear we are about to do a level of violence here financially that  we don't mean to. A previous Democrat speaker in the previous testimony  actually spoke about we need to do a lifeboat.   If you do the math here, we are not doing a lifeboat. We are putting  a little life preserver out when we need a big lifeboat. And the math-- let's be honest about the math. If we actually come here, and I know  this chart is too small to read, but I brought it up because we have  all seen the actuarial report that makes it very clear.   If we actually use anything even close to what a union worker for a  single employer plan--the protection, the rate of return, the net  present value calculations they get--if we do that to these  multiemployers, the vast majority of the multiemployer plans are in the  red.   And we are, right now, about to fix an offer--whether you want to  call it a bailout, whether you want to call it a subsidy, it is really  expensive, and we are only taking care of a small portion of the  problem.   What are we about to do to all the others, saying: Well, you were  close to the cutoff; you are on your own?   Is that the type of cruelty you are actually about to pass, telling  everyone we took care of the problem when the vast majority of the  workers in these plans are on the other side of the cliff?   I beg of you, come back. We were so close in the commission work, and  it was painful. Everyone was going to be mad at us, and it got a little  too politically difficult.   But there is a mathematical way to get there. And for once, can we  use our calculators to actually solve the problem and be honest rather  than the political rhetoric that is absolutely vacuous on the scale of  this problem.   