 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Chair, as I travel across Michigan, I constantly hear about the  high cost of prescription drugs. Hardworking families are simply paying  too much. That is why we need to tackle this issue in a bipartisan way,  not try to score political points.   Sadly, H.R. 3 is a partisan, heavy-handed approach that has no chance  of becoming law.   Let's be honest: Government doesn't negotiate; they dictate.   This drug pricing scheme will ultimately hurt families, stifle  innovation, and prevent lifesaving cures from becoming available to our  friends, our neighbors, and families.   There is a better approach, a plan that is patient-focused and filled  with bipartisan provisions that enjoys support in the Senate as well.  It is H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act. This bill will  strengthen transparency, encourage medical breakthroughs, and make  medications that families rely on more affordable.   If the other side is serious about getting something done, then we  should be voting on the Lower Costs, More Cures Act this week.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Chair, as I travel across Michigan, I constantly hear about the  high cost of prescription drugs. Hardworking families are simply paying  too much.    We agree on this, and that is why we need to tackle this issue in a  bipartisan way, not try to score political points like, Madam Chair, I  am hearing tonight.   Sadly, H.R. 3 is a partisan, heavy-handed approach that has no chance  of becoming law.  [[Page H10115]]    Mr. Chair, let's be honest: Governments don't negotiate; they  dictate. This drug-pricing scheme will ultimately hurt families, stifle  innovation, and prevent lifesaving cures from becoming available to our  friends, our neighbors, our families.   Approximately 100 lifesaving drugs, according to the Council of  Economic Advisers, won't come to fruition if H.R. 3 passes.   Mr. Chair, I would dearly love to ask my colleagues: Which of those  cures would we do away with? Alzheimer's? Parkinson's disease?  Childhood cancers? Which ones would we give up for H.R. 3?   There is a better approach, a plan that is patient-focused and filled  with bipartisan provisions that enjoys support in the Senate, and, oh,  by the way, the President would sign. It would become law. It would  reduce the costs and increase innovation. It is H.R. 19, the Lower  Costs, More Cures Act.   Mr. Chair, this bill will strengthen transparency, encourage medical  breakthroughs, and make medications that families rely on more  affordable.   If the other side is serious, Mr. Chair, about getting something  done, then we should be voting on the Lower Costs, More Cures Act this  week and move it forward for our people and provide cures at lower  cost--and many more than the other countries that you are talking about  tonight.   