 Madam Speaker, I want to associate myself with the  remarks of my colleague from Illinois.   This is a win for American workers, for their families, for their  communities, and for our Nation as a whole.   I want to thank Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady, the working  group, and, in particular, our staff, who worked so hard, tirelessly,  to bring this deal forward.   The USMCA legislation before us today is the result of many months of  hard-fought negotiations between Congress and the administration, and  it is a true victory for working people and our country.   Compared to the initial version of the agreement shared by the White  House last year, the improved trade agreement before us today includes  markedly stronger protections for American workers and crucially  serious enforcement mechanisms that ensure all parties will follow the  agreement.   While I believe the agreement includes higher standards to preserve  our environment, I do regret the administration was unwilling to make  any commitments to address the very real and pressing issues of climate  change.   Nevertheless, the USMCA is a major step forward for American workers  and businesses fighting to compete in an increasingly interconnected  world. It also puts to rest the President's threat to pull out of NAFTA  without the certainty of a replacement.   A testament to the hard-fought negotiations is the backing of this  agreement from stakeholders as diverse as the AFL-CIO and the United  States Chamber of Commerce.   I support the passage of the USMCA implementing language, and I urge  my colleagues to do the same.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for  recognizing me.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5377, the  Restoring Tax Fairness for States and Localities Act. This legislation  seeks to fix one of the most harmful provisions of the 2017 Republican  tax law: the $10,000 limit on the State and local tax deduction.   Raising this unfair, punishing cap is a top priority for the  constituents I represent. Forcing Americans to pay Federal tax on the  taxes they have already paid to their State and local government is  double taxation and it is wrong.   In my Illinois district, approximately 42 percent of filers use the  SALT deduction, and the average deduction is significantly higher,  nearly double the new cap. Even worse, the new $10,000 cap applies  equally to married and single filers, creating a marriage penalty,  further punishing joint filers. This is not fair to America's middle  class.   It is wrong that the burden of the tax law that overwhelmingly  benefits the most fortunate Americans--indeed, 83 percent of the  benefit of the 2017 law went to the top 1 percent--it is unfair that  the burden should lie in a narrow range of States like Illinois.   H.R. 5377 would rectify these wrongs. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes.''   