 Madam President, I am pleased to join my colleague Senator  Whitehouse in celebrating the tenure of Sister Jane Gerety as president  of Salve Regina University. Sister Jane has served the Salve Regina  University community since 1995. First, she was a member of the board  of trustees, and, starting in 2009, she became its seventh president.  She has been an extraordinary leader, educator, and friend. We will  miss her dearly in Rhode Island as she retires and embarks upon her  next venture.   Salve Regina University is a special institution. Founded by the  Sisters of Mercy, its original charter authorized establishing a  college to ``promote virtue, and piety and learning.'' In 1947, after  the acquisition of Ochre Hall, Salve Regina College enrolled its first  class of 58 students. In doing so, it opened the gates of some of the  mansions of America's gilded age to serve a new and better purpose of  expanding educational opportunities in the pursuit of wisdom and  universal justice.   It comes as no surprise that Senator Pell made Salve Regina  University his home away from home upon his retirement from the Senate.  Senator Pell was committed to a just and harmonious world. He was a  man, born of privilege, who dedicated his career in public service to  expanding educational and cultural opportunities that had previously  been reserved for the elite to all Americans.   Senator Whitehouse and I share a keen sense of responsibility to  protect and build on Senator Pell's legacy. In Sister Jane, we had a  true partner in that effort, and we are grateful for her service.   Sister Jane embodies the founding principles of Salve Regina College,  now Salve Regina University. On campus, she is known as the students'  president, perhaps the highest praise for a university leader.   She has been a real presence in student life on campus. From the  athletic fields to the dining halls to her office, where the doors were  always open, students knew that she had their back. She was their  president.   It was only fitting that the university has dedicated Wakehurst Hall,  the hub of student activities and home to the office of community  service, the student government association, and the campus activities  board, in her honor. It is now called Gerety Hall, a name that in  Sister Jane's reflection on her family speaks to love, fidelity, and  perseverance.   Under Sister Jane's presidency, Salve Regina University has grown,  thrived, and helped address vital needs in the community. Sister Jane  oversaw the expansion of academic programs, including a new doctorate  program in nursing, a master of fine arts degree program in creative  writing, additional experiential learning opportunities in business,  ground-breaking research programs in the sciences, and a new campus in  Warwick, Rhode Island to serve the academic needs of working adults in  graduate and continuing education programs.   She improved the campus infrastructure, spearheading the renovation  of the O'Hare academic building, creating spaces for collaborative  learning, and renovating laboratories for programs in science and  nursing. Sister Jane also worked to ensure that the university  addressed emerging areas of need, opening a digital forensics lab and  incorporating cyber education across the undergraduate curriculum.   Even more significantly, Sister Jane worked to ensure that students  from all walks of life could afford a Salve Regina education. She led  the campaign ``Scholars and Scholarships'' to reach 100 gifted, endowed  funds valued at over $15 million to support students, faculty, and  research. Over the last 10 years, Salve Regina's annual Governor's Ball  for Scholarships nearly doubled in support, raising more than $500,000  in 2019 alone as the university's signature event.   Sister Jane's accomplishments at Salve Regina University are but some  of her many professional and academic achievements. She earned  bachelor's and master's degrees in French and a doctorate in English.  She is a William Butler Yeats scholar. She has been a teacher at many  levels--junior high, high school, and college and an academic dean.   She had a notable career in the healthcare sector, serving as a  senior administrator for St. Joseph's Health System in Atlanta before  coming to Salve Regina University. In each of these roles, Sister Jane  answered her vocation to live a life of mercy. In her words and in her  deeds, she promotes universal justice and works for a world that is  harmonious, just, and merciful. We are all better off for knowing  Sister Jane.   I will miss her advice and counsel and wish her well in her next  endeavors. As she told the students when she announced her retirement,  ``Looking forward, we all share a bit of fear for the unknown and also  hope for the excitement that is to come.''   May we all follow her example and work to make what is to come  harmonious, just, and merciful.   I yield to my colleague, Senator Whitehouse.   