 Mr. President, I rise to sound the alarm on the Trump  administration's expected announcement of its withdrawal of the United  States from the Paris Agreement within the United Nations Framework  Convention on Climate Change to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions  in an effort to limit global temperature increase in this century to 2  degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels, while pursuing means to  limit it even further to 1.5 degrees.   Article 28 of the Paris Agreement that was entered into in COP 21  2015 specifies that after joining, no country can withdraw for 3 years,  after which a 1-year waiting period must occur before the withdrawal  takes effect. The United States entered into this historic agreement on  November 4, 2016; thus, the earliest date the United States can  initiate withdrawal is November 4, 2019. After the U.S. files  withdrawal documents, the 1-year waiting period begins, making November  4, 2020, the earliest possible date the United States can fully--and I  might add, recklessly--get out of this agreement.    I urge my colleagues to support a Senate resolution that I certainly  will be filing expressing our need for U.S. climate diplomacy.  Withdrawal is terrible. The cost of inaction is high.   For example, in my State of Maryland, by the year 2100, climate  change could force the Navy to relocate the U.S. Naval Academy from  where it has made its home in Annapolis, MD, since 1845.   Surrounded by water on three sides, the Naval Academy is especially  vulnerable to sea rise. The Severn River runs along the east, Spa Creek  extends to the south, and College Creek runs along the north. Parts of  the academy adjacent to the water stand 3 feet above the waterline. Sea  levels around Annapolis have risen about 1 foot over the past 100  years. The Naval Academy is only one of scores of U.S. military bases  that may be inundated by rising seas.   Unlike this administration, the academy is taking action. In 2015,  the Sea Level Rise Advisory Council formed to create an adaptation plan  and make decisions about flood-related matters. Staff are installing  door dams and flood barriers on doorways, repairing seawalls, and  installing backflow preventers in storm drain systems to reduce  funding. Newly constructed buildings will have elevated entrances and  limited first-floor openings to keep rising water out. But these  actions have high costs that are compounded by inaction.   On October 12 of this year, a combination of seasonal high tides, a  full Moon, and a tropical storm stalled off the eastern seaboard caused  a ``nuisance flood'' in downtown Annapolis, disrupting the festivities  at the annual Annapolis Boat Show, flooding booths at the city dock and  closing streets.   One week later, the Chesapeake Bay Foundation--the key nonprofit  partner in the restoration effort--announced that it will close the Fox  Island Education Center due to subsidence and rising sea levels--a  casualty of our failure to address climate change. For the past 40  years, the Fox Center has helped educate students on the importance of  a healthy Chesapeake Bay watershed. Environmental literacy is an  essential goal of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement, and  institutions like the Fox Island Center serve a key role.   The marshes and wetlands the foundation is dedicated to protecting  are among Maryland's best natural defenses in mitigating the effects of  climate-related impacts like more frequent storms and rising sea  levels. The untimely closure is a reminder of the very real presence of  changes to the bay in our communities and the urgent need to prepare.   On October 17, the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco released a  report. The collection of 18 papers by outside experts amounts to one  of the most specific and dire accountings of the dangers posed to  businesses and communities in the United States--a threat so  significant that the Nation's central banks are increasingly compelled  to act.   Climate change has begun to affect the real estate market, according  to a paper by Asaf Bernstein, an economist at the University of  Colorado in Boulder. His research shows that properties likely to be  underwater if the seas rise 1 foot now sell for 15 percent less than  comparable properties with no flood threat.   Our failure to act on climate change has a real economic impact on  American families. Coastal cities are already unable to pay for the  types of projects that could prevent them from the growing effects of  climate change.   On October 23, in a briefing for the Maryland Senate Education,  Health, and Environmental Affairs Committee, NOAA oceanographer Will  Sweet said that Annapolis is on pace for another record-breaking year  in 2019, with 10 high-tide flood days so far.   By 2030, there could be between 15 and 25 high-tide flood days a  year. By 2050, that number could rise to between 50 and 170. That  compares to how it was at the turn of the century when we only had two  such events in a year.   This is not only a coastal issue. In addition to an update from NOAA,  the committee heard from officials in Howard County--Howard County, I  would state, is a landlocked county in Maryland--about their plan to  mitigate flooding in Ellicott City, 35 miles inland from Annapolis,  where flash-flooding has claimed the lives of three people since 2016.  Officials discussed their $140 million plan, which includes demolishing  some buildings and constructing a tunnel 15 feet in diameter, 80 to 100  feet deep, and 1,600 feet long on the north side of the city's Main  Street. The tunnel would divert about two-thirds of the floodwaters.   It is an expensive project. Will it keep Ellicott City safe? It will  keep it safer, but the threat will still be there because of our  inaction as far as dealing with climate change. That is $140 million we  would not need to find as fast if we were slowing the rate of sea level  rise; that is, if we were reducing the use of carbon emissions in  accordance with the Paris Agreement.  [[Page S6291]]    Many small business owners took out loans in 2016 and 2018 from the  Department of Housing and Community Development and are struggling to  repay them. These are not international competitors with an agenda  being hurt by inaction on climate change; these are local residents,  constituents, Americans.   We need to act.   I am proud to lead bipartisan legislation to help critical water  infrastructure adapt to natural hazards. We need to do adaptation. I am  for that, and it is bipartisan in this Chamber, but adaptation  mitigation must go hand in hand, from the local to the international  level.   I led the congressional delegation to COP 21 with nine of our  colleagues in the U.S. Senate. We had a delegation 10-strong in Paris  at COP 21 in 2015 when the United States agreed to lower its gas  emissions 26 to 28 percent below the 2005 levels by 2025. Entering the  25th conference of the parties, U.S. carbon dioxide emissions rose an  estimated 3.4 percent in 2018--a spike that comes as reports like the  Fourth National Climate Assessment and the IPCC special report tell us  the world needs to be aggressively cutting its emissions to avoid the  most devastating effects of climate change. The findings, published by  the independent economic research firm Rhodium Group, mean that our  Nation now has a diminishing chance of meeting the pledge it made in  Paris. This is a horrible embarrassment for our country, which was once  a global leader on climate change. When the United States doesn't lead,  other countries are going to step in and take over that leadership, as  we have seen with regard to China stepping forward in regard to climate  issues. China should be the United States.    I urge this administration to reassert strong leadership in  implementing the Paris Agreement. I urge the Senate to act to return  America's leadership to this critical global challenge.   I yield the floor.   