 Congratulations, Chairman Smith, on bringing to the floor  an excellent bill. I want to also congratulate Mr. Thornberry from  Texas, a responsible Member of this Congress, a responsible member of  the minority, and a person who has been a strong voice on behalf of  national defense.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this year's defense  authorization bill. It makes smart, strategic investments in our  military to keep America safe and defend our interests overseas, and it  reflects core values.   We are proud to fund the Department of Defense. I have been in this  body for some 38 years. I have supported every Defense bill. Now, when  I say that, very frankly, we have had some political fights back and  forth and there have been political votes cast where we thought that  there were things being done that shouldn't be done. But I have  supported a strong national defense. I supported most of Ronald  Reagan's build-up which was, by the way, started by Jimmy Carter.   I have supported making sure that we had weapons we needed and the  personnel we needed.   We are proud as Democrats to stand behind our men and women in  uniform. As a matter of fact, some of the great victories of democracy  have been led by people like Woodrow Wilson in World War I, Franklin  Roosevelt in World War II, Harry Truman in Korea, and John Kennedy  confronting communism and authoritarianism, the people who want to rule  by armed might.   This bill, the first written by a Democratic majority in 8 years,  raises military pay by 3.1 percent and recognizes the contribution of  our men and women in uniform. It supports a stronger military by  prohibiting funding for discrimination against transgender, that denies  us the talents and courageous service of patriotic Americans.   Now, that has happened before, and Harry Truman stepped in and said  that, no, we are not going to segregate our services. We are not going  to discriminate against those of color in our services. He said that in  the 1940s, post-World War. And there were some who said that would  destroy our military effectiveness. They are saying the same thing  about gays and transgender. They were wrong then; they are wrong now.    This bill cuts $17 billion. The chairman, the ranking member, and I  had discussions through the years. We need to make sure that we spend  our money smartly and not just blindly spend money. We need to make  sure that every dollar is spent effectively, but that our national  security is not in any way undermined. I believe the savings that have  been effected are focused and that we are taking that money and using  it for effective items and taking it away from an expensive and  ineffective wall on the southern border that the President wants to  spend money on.   It also acknowledges the serious national security challenges posed  by climate change. Surely, we know how critical to our national  security the effects of climate change are showing. We experienced that  just the other day here in Washington, D.C.   It requires the Pentagon to develop a plan, along with others in our  government, as to how we can confront, effectively and on behalf of our  national security, climate change.   This bill also accelerates the closure--long overdue--it is not the  American way to hold people without finding out whether they are, in  fact, guilty or not. I have been to Guantanamo. Nobody in America ought  to talk about how much it costs to incarcerate somebody in America,  because it is about one-tenth or one-twentieth of what it is costing us  in Guantanamo. You talk about fiscal responsibility.   I am deeply disappointed that my Republican friends are bucking a  long tradition. I did not like everything in your Defense bill. I  disagreed sincerely with some of the provisions that you put in your  Defense bill, and I voted for the Defense bills you offered on this  floor because I thought they were in the best interests of our  country--not perfect--but in the best interests of our country, of our  military, and of our national security.   I am sorry that that is not happening today or tomorrow or Friday  when we vote on it. This bill ought to have bipartisan support. It  ought to have bipartisan support for our military, and if the  situations were reversed, my Republican colleagues would be accusing  Democrats of not supporting our national security, not supporting our  troops, not supporting the men and women who are put at the point of a  spear, in harm's way, many paying the ultimate price. That is what you  would have accused us of.   How sad it is that some in this House are choosing loyalty to the  President and their party over a common commitment to our troops--tough  words, but I think true. Republicans object to this bill because they  claim it does not meet their demands for $750 billion. Until March of  this year, however, they were demanding exactly the number in this  bill. Some on my side of the aisle  [[Page H5350]]  think this sum is too high. Mr. Smith, the Speaker, and I urged our  colleagues to adopt this number because it was a bipartisan number--not  the perfect number.   More than 70 Republican Members out of your 194 wrote to the  President citing the same number as their preferred figure for defense  investment. That is the number the Pentagon used for the previous year  around which it built its budget.   That is what Joseph Dunford--Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,  General Dunford, said was the number the Pentagon needed ``after  scrubbing every account,'' $733 billion. That is the figure we included  in this bill. That is the figure that you are prepared to vote against.   Ranking Member Thornberry, who is my friend and whom I respect and  whom I have just spoken of, penned an op-ed that President Trump must  ``move forward with the $733 billion budget he originally proposed for  2020.''   We took your number, and, yes, there are some things you don't agree  with in this bill, but there were things we didn't agree with. Very  frankly, there are very few bills that we consider on this floor that I  agree with 100 percent. But we are a democratic body. We are a  collective, collegial body, and we try to reach consensus.   We took your number. We took the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff's number. Indeed, at the same time that Republicans are arguing  that $733 billion isn't enough, the White House is calling for a  continuing resolution that spends far less. A former Member of this  body originally suggested sequester which would devastate our national  security and our domestic security.   As Chairman Adam Smith has stated, to claim that $733 billion is an  abdication of our responsibility to fund our troops is patently  ridiculous and contrary to the representations that have been made on  your side of the aisle.   They claim this bill is partisan. That is absurd. The bill includes  more than 53 percent of the amendments offered by Republican Members--a  higher figure than Democratic amendments in the bill. Chairman Smith's  staff worked tirelessly and collegially with Republicans for months to  ensure that the defense authorization bill would be bipartisan as this  legislation has been historically.   Of course, there are provisions in this bill with which Republicans  disagree. I would be shocked if that were not the case. There are  probably going to be some provisions in there that I disagree with.  That doesn't mean they should vote against this entire bill, however,  Mr. Chairman. Democrats supported this bill when we were in the  minority over the last 8 years--check the record--even when Republicans  forced controversial measures into it because we believed it was  important to support our military. We voted for it over serious  objections on policy because we viewed it as a must-pass bill.   Where has that bipartisanship on national security gone?   Is it just a strategy to defeat this bill?   I am convinced that we are going to have 218-plus Democrats vote for  this bill, Mr. Chairman. I urge my Republican colleagues to reconsider  their opposition and vote for their number and put country over party.   To my Democratic colleagues, I say: This is a strong Defense bill, as  good as you are going to get. It protects LGBT rights and advances  family leave. It loosens the heinous restrictions on transferring  prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. Opposing this bill means we will be  stuck with a Senate version that omits these provisions.   I thank Chairman Smith and members of the Armed Services Committee  for their hard work, and I thank the ranking member. I congratulate you  both on producing a very strong, very positive bill. You did that  together.   Do not abandon your work. I hope that it will pass with resounding  support from both sides of the aisle. Our troops in harm's way deserve  that affirmation, that trust, that faith, that commitment. Let's not  let them down.   