 Madam President, I am very honored to offer my support  today for Kimberly Reed to be President of the Export-Import Bank of  the United States. I think the Presiding Officer is very proud, too. We  are both proud that the first woman to lead the Ex-Im Bank will also be  the first West Virginian.   As a former West Virginia small business owner, I know this is an  engine for economic growth and long-term stability and prosperity. It  is truly beneficial for those businesses to reach broader markets and  new customers. Rural states like West Virginia have a lot of talent and  a lot of great businesses, but we need to make sure these companies are  hitting global markets and building in sales and supporting more jobs  here at home.   The Ex-Im Bank creates jobs and helps businesses, both big and small,  to sell their products overseas at no cost--I repeat, at no cost--to  the Federal Government, in addition to providing loans and other forms  of credit. The Bank can also help with market research and to identify  potential buyers and distributors of products in foreign countries. It  is like having your own reconnaissance team, PR team, and a sales  force, everything wrapped up into one.   In 2014, I invited the former Ex-Im Bank Chairman, Fred Hochberg, to  West Virginia. Since then the Bank has worked with 14 West Virginia  businesses throughout the State, providing $11 million in loans to  support $18 million in exports. The people in West Virginia had no idea  of the opportunities that a small business person would have with the  Ex-Im Bank. They had no idea how to get into foreign markets. They  didn't have any idea about the collections process or the legal  expertise in that arena. This helped them immensely.   I know Kimberly wants to do the same thing for our State and for  small businesses across rural America.   I can state that Kim's West Virginia roots shaped her to be the  leader she is today. Growing up in Buckhannon, WV, and graduating from  West Virginia Wesleyan College and West Virginia University, Kim checks  all of the boxes for the best and brightest our State can offer. Every  West Virginian will know what it means when I say that she was a Golden  Horseshoe awardee and a Governor's Honors Academy graduate.   She hasn't lost sight of those roots, either. She continues to serve  on the Wesleyan board of trustees and has worked with West Virginians  every step of her career, whether it was as the senior adviser to the  Secretary of the Treasury or the head of the Community Development  Financial Institutions Fund.   Kim exemplifies bedrock Appalachian values, and her deep commitment  to serving her Nation through the House of Representatives and the  Department of Treasury is a true testament to her character. I have  always been proud to call her a West Virginian, and I know that I and  the Presiding Officer will be proud to call her the President and  Chairwoman of the Ex-Im Bank.   I urge my colleagues to support Kimberly Reed to lead the Export- Import Bank of the United States.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   