 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3702, the Reforming  Disaster Recovery Act of 2019. I want to thank the bill's bipartisan  sponsors: Mr. Green, and Mrs. Wagner, and also Chairwoman Waters, and  Ranking Member McHenry for their leadership.   I approach this as a Representative of a disaster-prone State.  Citizens in my State of North Carolina have a special reason to  appreciate this bill. We have been hit hard by national disasters.  Hurricanes Matthew and Florence made landfall in 2016 and 2018, just 2  years apart.   The storms upended lives, destroyed homes and businesses, and caused  billions of dollars in damages. Many communities in my State are still  recovering more than 3 years after these storms.   As the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation,  and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, I have worked  with colleagues in our delegation, and colleagues from other impacted  States and territories, to secure tens of billions of dollars for HUD's  CDBG-DR program. We have worked on this for years. We know the need for  this legislation.   These flexible funds help facilitate long-term recovery. They can be  used to repair and rebuild housing, to improve infrastructure, and to  revitalize local economies. Unfortunately, Congress has never formally  authorized this program but this bill fixes that.   The absence of an authorization has contributed to lengthy delays and  a complicated patchwork of requirements laid out in numerous Federal  Register notices that grantees must follow anew every time we have a  disaster.   This legislation is overdue. It makes essential reforms to this  program. Specifically, it eliminates the need to issue those Federal  Register notices and creates clear statutory deadlines to get the  funding out the door as expeditiously as possible.   It ensures that assistance goes to low- and moderate-income people  who need it the most. It boosts transparency and public input, and it  requires HUD and grantees to collect and use data to improve program  outcomes.   I am especially pleased that the legislation will formally  incorporate ``mitigation'' funding that we have included in  appropriations bills after recent disasters. Mitigation dollars will  allow communities to strengthen resiliency and protect against future  hazards, which has long been a priority of mine and North Carolina's  Governor Roy Cooper.   Again, I want to thank my colleagues for their leadership and for  working collaboratively and cooperatively with the Appropriations  Committee to advance this bipartisan legislation.   I urge all Members to support the bill.   