 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from North  Carolina and appreciate his distinguished service on behalf of the  citizens of North Carolina, his leadership of our Republican Study  Committee in the last Congress, and his leadership as our Conference  leader for this Congress. And I greatly appreciate his personal  engagement to help continue this conversation with the American people  about the need for enhanced security along our southwest border.   Like my colleagues you have heard from, I have been to the southwest  border four times as a Member of Congress. I worked in Texas for nearly  a decade, so I am very familiar with the southwest border in Texas.  But, as a Congressman, I have gone four times to get at the root of  what is the balance that we want between border fencing, barrier, the  use of technology, screening technology, enhancements at our ports of  entry, and the manpower issue.   Mr. Speaker, we need all of that, and that is, in fact, what we have  produced time and time again on the floor. Just in the last year, Mr.  Speaker, we have proposed these kinds of commonsense border security  issues, and we have not gotten sufficient votes to pass them.   So this is why we find ourselves hearing from the Border Patrol and  our officials at Homeland Security that we need additional barrier  construction, additional boots on the ground, new judges, additional  screening technology--all of the things I hear about from county  judges, county sheriffs, Federal law enforcement--to make our border,  in fact, safe.   But tonight I want to reflect on the impact in my home State of  Arkansas. I see it every day. I have two young adults now, Mr. Speaker,  a 19-year-old and a 22-year-old.   When I was in high school, I didn't know anybody who had died of a  drug overdose. I didn't know anyone who had committed suicide among my  peers in my high school. And I am brokenhearted tonight, Mr. Speaker,  to report that my kids and their age group have seen deaths from deadly  addiction to these drugs that are coming over our border, our southwest  border. It breaks my heart to see them at funerals when they should be  at soccer games.   The opioid crisis has killed more than 100 Americans a day and caused  45,000 deaths last year, alone, almost as many as we lost in all of the  Vietnam conflict. A third of these deaths were attributable to  fentanyl, much of which is manufactured in China.   This Congress, bipartisan, last year, decided to get screening  equipment to our postal service to interdict and try to stop fentanyl.  Senator Cotton and I want to increase criminal penalties for fentanyl  possession and dealing because, Mr. Speaker, in this small Sweet'N Low  packet that we are all familiar with, 1 gram has enough--if it were  fentanyl--to kill 500 Americans. That is what confronts our kids as it  is laced into heroin, pressed into pills, soaked into marijuana on the  streets of our country, coming across the southwest border.   So my kids have suffered from it. I have watched their faces. I have  hugged a lot of moms. And whenever I think of this issue, I think about  Nate Gordon, who lost his life, whose mom I visit with and who has  helped me in my roundtables on helping me cope with how to talk to our  parents about this deadly addiction that has overtaken our country.   Nate was a kid who got addicted, and he tried to beat it. And he beat  it. And then, one night, it took his life.   His mom doesn't have her son anymore, but she has dedicated her life  to helping parents to educate kids, to get people in treatment. And  that is what we need. We need an entire community to bond with this  Congress to fight drug addiction.   I spoke to our attorney general, my friend from North Carolina, and  she told me that over 1,000 illegals had been arrested in Arkansas  recently, tens of thousands of pills, and over 1,000 pounds of drugs.   So this is something that challenges our whole country, and we have  to work together. I commend our President for keeping it at the  forefront of the American people, and I commend Mr. Walker for inviting  us here to visit about it tonight.   