 Mr. President, my hometown of Jasper, IN, sits in the  county with the most veterans per capita in the State. My father was a  tail gunner on a B-17 himself, and I will never forget the lesson he  and my community impressed upon me of honoring those who have served so  effortlessly and selflessly.   Providing for the health and well-being of the men and women who have  sacrificed so much for our country is the least we can do, and it ought  to be one of the things we can all agree on in this Chamber.   When the Trump administration took over, the VA had been in dire  straits for many years. The passage of the MISSION Act represented a  great stride toward improving access to quality healthcare services for  our vets and, especially, a great step for Hoosier veterans.   A few of the valuable provisions for Hoosier veterans in the MISSION  Act include these: replacing the mileage requirement with a drive time  requirement; greatly expanding access to care for Hoosier veterans who  report to VA hospitals in bigger cities like Chicago, Indianapolis,  Louisville, and Cincinnati; reducing the maximum wait times and  reducing the strain on smaller VA facilities that may not have the  resources or specialties available to serve patients in a timely  manner; implementing a new urgent care benefit so veterans can now  utilize urgent care and walk-in facilities from providers in the VA  network without prior authorization; and a big win for access to care  for Hoosier vets, allowing veterans to seek out community care if the  VA medical service line is unable to meet quality standards.   Before this legislation, Hoosier veterans not receiving proper care  would have nowhere else to turn. The MISSION Act offers Hoosier  veterans better choices, better access, and better care.   As we reflect on the sacrifice of our servicemen and servicewomen  this upcoming Fourth of July season, we must also remember our  commitment to them once they return from the field of battle. We have  made great strides in improving access and quality for veteran care in  the last 2 years, and the MISSION Act is a big win for Hoosiers and all  American veterans.   I yield the floor.   