 Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Yes, in its current form.  [[Page H4147]]     Madam Speaker, this is a final amendment to the bill.  This amendment will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If  adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   You know the drill on a motion to recommit. I stand here before the  House today to get an affirmative vote that we stand together against  the anti-Semitic notion of the BDS movement.   The BDS movement is an effort to weaponize the world's economy  against one simple State, one State, the great State of Israel and the  Jewish people. They are trying to weaponize our economy, our dollars,  against our only ally in the Middle East that is a democracy.   This is an effort for us today--today--to say that we will stand  against this movement. This movement is about anti-Zionism. Anti- Zionism is anti-Semitism.   Let us speak with one clear voice today that we as the American  people will not stand for this economic warfare. We will stand with our  ally, and we will stand with the Jewish people in the Israel State.   Why weaponize our economy against Israel? To destroy Israel, to choke  off economic growth, to choke off economic opportunity, and thereby  weaken the State of Israel so they get rolled into the sea.   That is unacceptable. That is the notion of the BDS movement.   It may be polite in certain company to say you boycott, you divest,  you sanction the State of Israel. It is not polite to say that you are  anti-Semitic.   But what the BDS movement says is that you are anti-Semitic. What you  say by supporting the BDS movement is that you are okay with  discriminating against people because of their faith; you are okay  discriminating against the Jewish people because you don't like--well,  let me stop there.   This body has a long history of working together in a bipartisan  fashion. I have worked for 3 years to hammer out a bipartisan approach  to stopping the BDS movement. That got rolled into the bill that was  passed in January in the Senate.   Seventy-seven Senators joined together and sent a bill over here to  the House. We have waited 4 months, with no vote on that bill, and it  is not because we don't have bipartisan support to stop the BDS  movement. We do. We do.   In this Chamber, we have stood together in a bipartisan forum to  stand against hate and to stand against anti-Semitism, but the  leadership over there doesn't want us to have a vote on that bill.   So, today, we are saying let's have the vote. Let's stand up for the  State of Israel. Let's stand against hate. Let's stand up against this  anti-Zionism and the anti-Semitism that underlies it. Let's stand up  for our Jewish friends and allies, and let's speak with one voice that  the BDS movement is anti-Semitism.   Vote ``yes'' on this motion to recommit.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   