 Madam President, last night, for the second time in a  month, Democrats objected to a bill to ban infanticide.   That statement to me is absolutely chilling, but for the second time  in a month, Democrats objected to a bill that would do nothing more  than state that a living, breathing baby born in an abortion clinic is  entitled to the same protection and medical care as a living, breathing  baby born in a hospital is entitled to.   It is a pretty basic bill. It just says that living, breathing, born  human beings are entitled to protection even if they are born in an  abortion clinic, but apparently that is not something Democrats are  prepared to say. This is where Democrats' support for abortions has led  them--to being unable to condemn infanticide.   Let's remember why we voted on this bill last night. We voted on this  bill because the Democratic Governor of Virginia implicitly endorsed  infanticide--because the Democratic Governor of Virginia got up and  said that you could keep a living, breathing baby comfortable while you  decided what to do with it.   There is only one answer to what you do with a living, breathing  baby, and that is to provide it with the care it needs. A baby born  alive in an abortion clinic is no less valuable and deserving of  protection than a baby born in a delivery room.   It is horrifying that we are actually having a debate about this.  Honestly, it is horrifying that the Democratic Party can't get up and  say that infanticide is wrong. My Democratic colleagues like to talk  about protecting the vulnerable, but how can they claim to care about  helping those in need if they harden their hearts toward the most  vulnerable among us? If they are willing to deny living, breathing  babies basic medical care, do you really stand for the vulnerable if  you can't stand up and say that infanticide is wrong?   It is terrible enough that we have so far betrayed our founding  principles as to deny the right to life of living, breathing unborn  babies, but we are not even talking about abortion here. We are talking  about withholding essential care from babies who are born alive. My  Democratic colleagues can't even bring themselves to say this is wrong.   I would say to my Democratic colleagues, do you really want to be the  party of Governor Northam? Do you really want to be the party of  infanticide?   The American people don't agree with the Democratic Party on abortion  and on infanticide. Most Americans believe that babies born alive after  an abortion should be provided with medical care. Most Americans think  there should be at least some limits on abortion. In fact, most  countries in the world think there should be some limits on abortion.  The United States is just one of a tiny handful of countries that allow  elective abortion past 20 weeks of pregnancy. Among the others on that  list are China and North Korea--not exactly the company we want to be  keeping when it comes to protecting human rights.   A recent poll found that 71 percent of Americans oppose abortion  after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Yet the Democratic Party is aggressively  embracing an agenda of zero restrictions on abortion, ever, up to--and  now, apparently, after--the moment of birth.   I hope last night is not the last time we vote on the Born-Alive  Abortion Survivors Protection Act. I hope my Democratic colleagues have  a chance to recast their votes. I hope, next time, they will decide to  vote against infanticide. I hope, next time, they can affirm what  should be a basic, foundational principle, and that is that every baby,  wherever he or she is born, deserves to be protected.   I yield the floor.   