 Madam President, there is a lot that I love about my  State, Montana. It is where I grew up. In fact, it is where--my great- great-grandmother came from Minnesota and homesteaded just north of  Great Falls. It is where my dad and my grandpa taught me how to fly  fish and to hunt. It is where I got to attend college, in fact, at  Montana State University. It is where I went to kindergarten through  high school--in Bozeman. In fact, it is where I proposed to my sweet  wife Cindy on Hyalite Peak. It was about 7\1/2\ miles up and 7\1/2\  miles back. It was about a 15-mile day that day we got engaged, July  31, 1986. It is where Cindy and I raised our four children. In fact,  speaking of children, it is more recently where I walked my daughter  Annie down the aisle in Churchill, MT, last October. Montana is a part  of me. It is home.   But what I am here to talk about today is something that Montanans  like me love most about our State, and that is our public lands,  because in a place like Montana, our public lands are a way of life.  Our public lands are where Montanans make memories with their families,  their loved ones, and their friends. Montana's public lands are where  we take our kids on the weekends. In fact, they are where we spend at  least a week every August off the beaten path in the Beartooth  Wilderness. They are where Cindy and I will take a couple of dogs and  take along our kids now, as they have gotten older, if they have time.  If not, Cindy and I go off with our two dogs and spend time in the high  country. We do that every summer.   Our public lands are where we grow up learning to love the outdoors,  and they are where we still continue to pass on that outdoor heritage  to our children and our grandchildren. Montana's public lands play a  major role in what makes our State so great.   For anyone who has time and has been fortunate enough to enjoy the  Big Sky Country's public lands, I am sure you would agree that we must  continue to cherish and protect those very lands we love in every way  possible. That is why I am thrilled that this afternoon the Senate is  going to vote on a very important, bipartisan public lands package that  includes some important provisions for Montana, such as the permanent  reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and the  protection of Paradise Valley. In fact, Paradise Valley is the doorstep  to Yellowstone National Park, our Nation's first national park. That  would be found in the Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act.   Growing up, I spent a lot of time in that part of our State. I still  do. I love fly fishing on the Yellowstone River. In fact, when I was in  high school, I loaded up the station wagon--in fact, I think probably  the Griswolds' station wagon by today's standards--and, with a couple  of my classmates from Bozeman High--we had our homecoming dinner before  we went to the homecoming dance there in Chico, MT.   This package also increases sportsmen's access to public lands, which  is something that is so important to the sports men and women of  Montana.   This is a historic win for Montana. In fact, it is one of the biggest  conservation wins we have seen in arguably a decade. It is what is  going to help preserve our access to our public lands. These are the  treasures of our great State.   I very much look forward to casting my vote this afternoon when we  pass it here in the Senate. This public lands package is a product of  years of effort. Over 100 different pieces of legislation have been put  together from the local level, grassroots moving its way up, to our now  having a chance to vote on that right here for final passage in the  U.S. Senate. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the  same.   We are blessed to be home to so many public lands in Montana, and we  must do all we can to protect them and ensure Montanans have access to  these public lands.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   