 Madam Speaker, I stand before you today as we approach the  46th anniversary of Roe v. Wade to speak on behalf of Americans who  cannot speak for themselves.   Our Nation was founded on the notion that every American has a right  to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. As legislators, we are  bound to protect these rights, especially as they relate to our most  vulnerable population, which is why we cannot ignore the fundamental  right of an unborn child to live.   While Roe v. Wade may be the law of the land, I am here today because  I, along with many of my fellow Floridians, disagree with it. I believe  it is incumbent on this institution to debate the definition of life as  well as our authority and responsibility to protect it.   As a father, I have the privilege and have had the privilege of  watching my daughter grow from a tiny blip on a monitor, to a beautiful  baby girl, and now to a strong, courageous young woman, the young woman  that she is today; and when I look at her my heart breaks. It breaks  for the children whose lives have been and continue to be taken from  them just as they are beginning.   These children could have been future doctors, lawyers, Members of  Congress, teachers, military servicemembers, anything they wanted. But,  unfortunately, because of a court decision made nearly 46 years ago, we  will never know who those children would have become.   Madam Speaker, as a veteran, I have seen horrible things. And, yet, I  believe abortion is one of the greater tragedies of our generation. I  believe, in time, future generations will look back on this era in  American history and condemn us for the millions of children that we  have allowed to be taken. Because the truth is, each life, from the  moment it begins to exist, is a precious person, and therefore, has a  fundamental God-given right to live.   So on this anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I stand with my colleagues in  solidarity for the lives lost, and I pray for the mothers and fathers  that face very difficult circumstances surrounding new life.   