 Reserving the right to object, I think we all want  transparency. I think we all want reports to be revealed. We think the  American people deserve to know what happened with the Russians hacking  into Democratic emails and with the Russian involvement in trying to  affect the outcome of our elections. I think we all want that.   What do we know so far? We know that we spent $30 million to  investigate this, and they have decided and concluded--after doing  hundreds of interviews and thousands of subpoenas, they have concluded  that President Trump did not collude with the Russians, did not  conspire with the Russians, did not commit a crime with the Russians,  and the President has said repeatedly he never talked to the  Russians. We do know that. That is what we know so far.    But now that we know that, in addition to the Mueller report, we also  need to know: Was there malfeasance? Was there misuse of government  power? Did President Obama's administration get involved in an election  to actually try to manipulate and infiltrate the Trump campaign to  entrap them or try to spread information that was incorrect? We need to  know that.   So I am asking the Senator by unanimous consent to accept my  amendment, which would say that not only will we see the Mueller  report, but we will also see the communications between John Brennan,  known to have already lied to the Senate about spying on Senate  computers, and James Clapper, also known to have lied to the Senate in  testimony over the bulk collection of phone records, and their  communications with James Comey, who is known to have illegally leaked  information about this investigation to the press--that their  communications become known to all of us.   We need to know why they decided that the fake Russian dossier was  real. The country had concluded it wasn't. No media outlet would  produce the Russian dossier because it was so unverifiable. Yet the FBI  head and the CIA head kept sending the dossier out to people, having it  come back to them again, saying: Oh, my goodness, look at what this  Senator gave us. It was what  [[Page S2074]]  they already had that nobody was believing and nobody was discounting  and now the Mueller report has said was fake, was made up. The dossier  was not true, but that is what began this entire investigation.   Why should we know about this? Because we don't want this to happen  every 2 to 4 years. I don't care whether it is a Democrat President or  Republican President. We should not waste the time of the entire  country sending spies into campaigns, making false accusations, and  tying the country in knots for 2 years. Tying us in knots such that  people are at each other's throats and will not talk to each other  because we spread this false narrative that President Trump had  something to do with the Russians. It was not true. We spent $30  million and now we know it is not true.   So I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be added to the current  resolution.   We will agree to see the Mueller report as long as the other side  will agree to show us the communications that took place in deciding to  promote this fake allegation against the President. We want to know  whether there was misuse of their office. If that is allowed, then I  will agree to the consent request.   I would ask unanimous consent that my amendment be added to the  Senator's resolution.    Reserving the right to object.    The Senator made one point that the investigation was begun  under Republicans of this dossier.   The Mueller report and the Mueller aspect of this was begun under  Republicans, but the actual investigation--the promoting, the passing  around of the fake Russian dossier--occurred under President Obama's  administration.   What we need to discover and what we do not yet know is, Was  President Obama involved? Was this done for partisan purposes? Was this  done to try to elect Hillary Clinton? Was this done with mal intent?   We need to know the truth, and to get to the truth, we need not only  the Mueller report, but we need every ounce of information about the  people at the very top of our intelligence community who were promoting  the inclusion of this fake dossier that most American media outlets had  discounted as unverifiable and that turned out to be unverifiable.   We based this investigation on a lie. We should investigate who the  liars were.   I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for both sides to  yield back all remaining time.   