 Mr. President, yesterday, the Republican leader, my  friend, announced that the Senate would hold two votes on Thursday  afternoon. First, the Senate will vote on the President's proposal, and  then the Senate will vote on an amendment that is essentially identical  to the underlying bill sent to us from the House, meaning a continuing  resolution that opens the government for 3 weeks plus disaster  assistance.   Let me be very clear. These two votes are not equivalent votes. It is  not ``on the one hand, on the other hand.'' The President's proposal  demands a wall and radical legal immigration changes in exchange for  opening up the government. The second vote demands nothing in exchange  for opening up the government.   The first vote--unless you do it my way, I am keeping the government  shut down--is the Trump amendment. Our amendment says: Open up the  government, and then let's talk.   To say, well, one is a Democratic amendment and one is a Republican  amendment doesn't get the magnitude of this. The difference is one is  holding 800,000 workers hostage--millions of Americans hostage--unless  the amendment authors get their way. The second vote doesn't demand  anything. It just says to open up the government and then let's discuss  it.   The first vote, on the President's plan, includes radical changes to  our asylum system and the full funding the President asked for the  border wall in exchange for reopening the government. The first vote is  completely partisan. The first vote is the President's hostage-taking  position codified into an amendment. It says: You must do it our way  and pay $5.7 billion for a wall before we open the government.   The second vote is the opposite. It does not demand anything before  we reopen the government. It simply reopens the government for 3 weeks  and allows us to continue debating border security. There is nothing  partisan about the second vote. If President Trump weren't opposed to  it, there would be nothing controversial about the second vote and just  about every Republican would vote for it, as they did the first time, a  month ago.  [[Page S484]]    The second vote is not a Democratic proposal with demands. The first  vote is a Republican proposal with Republican demands. One simply  reopens the government. The other says: No way. It embodies the  President's temper tantrum: If you don't do it my way, I am shutting  down the government and hurting lots of people.   The two votes are not equivalent. It is not ``on the one hand, on the  other.'' They are diametrically opposed in concept.   I do give Leader McConnell credit. He put on the floor, for the first  time, an ability for Senators to vote on a clean proposal to reopen the  government. That is the second vote. It is completely silent on the  issue of border security. A vote for the continuing resolution does not  preclude a continued discussion on how we best secure our border. It  isn't pro-wall or anti-wall. It just says: Open up the government. It  is a way to reopen government while we continue to work out our  differences.   I want my Republican friends to understand the stakes here. Reopening  the government for 3 weeks may not sound like a long time, but it is  massively important to 800,000 public servants who have been  languishing without pay. Reopening the government even for 3 weeks  would mean that all 800,000 get their backpay, to which they are  entitled. That is three full paychecks: one for January 11, one for  January 25, and one for February 8. Let me repeat that. Even a 3-week  continuing resolution would provide three full paychecks to our Federal  employees: TSA, Border Patrol, FBI agents, air traffic controllers,  food safety inspectors, Coast Guard. Every one of the ones I mentioned  involves our security. The President says--in my opinion, totally  incorrectly, misstating all of the facts--that we need the big wall for  our security. Even if he succeeds--which he will not, I believe--it  would take years to build that wall. There is also eminent domain and  so many other issues that it might never be built at all. But this is  hurting TSA, hurting Border Patrol, and hurting FBI agents, air traffic  controllers, food safety inspectors, and Coast Guard members, who all  deal with our security right now--right now.   So if you believe in the security of America, you vote for the second  amendment, no matter what you think of the wall.   The American people, more and more--it is amazing--were on our side  to start with, and they are turning more on our side now. In a CBS poll  this morning, 7 out of 10 Americans say the issue of a border wall is  not worth this government shutdown, including 71 percent of  Independents, but, astoundingly, 43 percent of all Republicans say a  border wall is not worth a government shutdown. Close to half of all  Republican voters are saying to President Trump and to Leader McConnell  and to every Republican Senator in this Chamber: Don't keep this  shutdown going over the wall. Don't hold the government hostage. Open  it back up and figure out your policy differences.   Parenthetically, I would remind my colleagues that this poll--and  another one this morning showed the same thing with President Trump's  ratings lower than ever--occurred after his speech on Saturday. His  gambit to try to get the shutdown off his back failed, as it should  have, because the shutdown is solely his. He said he was proud of it.  He said 25 times before he did it that he wanted to do it. Everyone  knows the shutdown is his. Neither the President nor our Republican  friends can squiggle out of that one. Because of the President's  destructive hostage-taking gambit, as I said, his disapproval rating  reached the highest level of his Presidency in the CBS poll.   What more do my Republican colleagues need to hear? The will of the  American people is crystal clear: Open the government.   I know that President Trump has some power in these Republican  primaries, but sometimes you have to rise to the occasion.   The second bill, without any preconceptions or preconditions says:  Open the government. The first bill is hostage-taking: Unless you do it  my way, the government is staying shut down.   So these are not equivalent bills. These are not ``on the one hand,  on the other hand.''   For weeks we have been at a stalemate. Leader McConnell has not  allowed a vote on legislation to reopen the government until now.  Tomorrow the Senate will finally have its chance. We can reopen the  government until February 8 and continue to discuss border security. If  you are worried about hundreds of thousands of Federal employees going  without pay, if you are worried about the impacts of the shutdown on  our economy or our basic security--as law enforcement, Border Patrol,  and food safety are not paid--if you are worried about our national  security, and if you are looking for a way to open up the government,  this is the way. The second vote is the only way that is on the floor  of the Senate and can actually open up the government.   I urge all of my Republican colleagues, as they did once before-- before President Trump said what he said--to join Democrats on a  bipartisan basis on the second vote tomorrow and, finally, open up the  government.   I yield the floor.   