 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Barr for yielding time to me  and for being here today with us so we can talk about what really makes  this country so great.   I rise today to make the case against socialism because it is not  compatible with freedom. If you have got it, they want it. Socialists  want the free stuff; capitalists want the good stuff.   Let's look back in history at the divide between those who destroyed  human potential and those who empowered others to stand on their own  feet and make a difference.    I have created an all-star team tonight. On the socialist all-star  team, you will recognize names like Vladimir Lenin, Karl Marx, Hugo  Chavez, and Fidel Castro, all proponents of socialism who promised  their people would be provided for if small amounts of individual  liberty were forfeited.   Instead, they left men, women, and children starving in the streets  and stuffed their pockets with money from other people. These failed  socialist regimes drove their countries into the ground, some of which  have never recovered.   On the capitalist all-star team, you will recognize names like Adam  Smith, Ronald Reagan, George Bush, Jack Kemp, Henry Ford, and Donald  Trump, all proponents of capitalism who promoted the ideas of  individual responsibility and free enterprise.   Now, this team recognized that what sets America apart from the rest  of the world is the drive to reach our fullest potential, coupled with  a free-market economy.   Risk and reward are a big deal to capitalists. They want a hand up.  Guarantees are a big deal to socialists. They want a handout.   Capitalism is about taking responsibility for what you create and  making it even greater. We are a nation of opportunity and incentive,  and because of those principles, we are a nation of hope, where  everyone can benefit.   Capitalists believe in individual integrity and the dignity of  reaping reward from hard work. It is the greatest force in the history  of our world for lifting people out of poverty, and we must instill  this value in future generations.   Now, the version of shiny, progressive socialism that we see touted  by Democrats promises equality and prosperity. They sell these lies to  everyone, that everyone can succeed if there is a central power  regulating fairness. Well, that central power, remember, runs Amtrak  and it runs the post office.   Now, fairness could not be further from the truth. The government  should never, ever be in the business of picking winners and picking  losers.   I serve on the Financial Services Committee, and I ask most witnesses  who testify before us if they are a socialist or a capitalist.   Mr. Speaker, can you guess the results?   They are, overwhelmingly, capitalists because, under capitalism,  individuals own their work because they are incentivized by greater  gain. It is a system that rewards innovation because it maintains  demand for the best products and demand for the best price. These  ideals translate into the core of the American economy.   Capitalism is the American Dream; socialism is the American scheme.   Neighbor-owned businesses like bakeries, coffee shops, florists, auto  repair stores, and boutiques are the lifeblood of our communities. In  short, they are simply called Main Street America. And it was built by  men and women who wanted to reach for more because, at the end of the  day, we inherently possess a desire to dream bigger and to dream  bolder.   Socialism doesn't work in our small towns. What is happening in  Caracas, Venezuela, is not what we want in Cleburne, Texas.   In the end, socialism fails because it is based on the false promise  of certainty. It is a failed system because it is unable to excite the  human spirit.   The bottom line is it is a downer. It is a total loser. America will  never be a socialist country because the fabric of our Nation is soaked  in the moral imperatives of responsibility, pride, and discipline.   In closing, I want to ask this body and the millions of people we  represent: Which team do you want to be on? Do you want to be on Ronald  Reagan's team, or do you want to be on Fidel Castro's team?   Let's take the days on, not take the days off.   May God bless Texas, my State, and may God continue to bless the land  of opportunity, the greatest land in the world, the one we love to call  home, the United States of America.   