 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for  his hard work on the committee and in the United States Congress.   There are just a couple of key things to keep in mind. I am against  this bill. The average yearly pay for a government worker is $85,000.  CBO did a study. Those with college degrees who work in the Federal  Government make 21 percent more than people with college degrees in the  private sector; those without a college degree, 53 percent more than  those in the private sector.   Think about what this bill says. All of those hardworking taxpayers  in the private sector, hey, you are already making less, but now you  are going to have more of your tax dollars go to pay people--who are  already making more money than you--to get a raise. How is that fair?   Even worse, think about what the Democrats are doing on H.R. 1, their  signature legislation. H.R. 1, they are saying to those same people who  are already making more money than folks in the private sector, they  are saying to those private-sector taxpayers, Hey, guess what? We are  not only going to give them a raise, even though they are already  making more than you, we are going to give them 6 paid days to work on  campaigns, 6 vacation days where they get to work on campaigns. And,  oh, by the way, they may be helping the very candidate you are against.  Such a deal for the taxpayers.   That is why I am a ``no'' on this bill. I am thinking about the  taxpayers in the 11th District of North Carolina, the Fourth District  of Ohio, and all across this country. Tell me how that is fair.   Oh, I forgot. There is one more thing the Democrats want to do. H.R.  1, they want to make election day a paid holiday for Federal employees.  This is not where we need to be. This is not the respect taxpayers  deserve.   Mr. Chair, I would urge a ``no'' vote, and I appreciate the good work  Congressman Meadows is doing on this legislation. Frankly, he is right.  We probably should have had a hearing and talked about this. Maybe the  Democrats didn't want to talk about the fact that people in the private  sector are making less with the same kind of education than those who  work for the Federal Government.    Mr. Chairman, I have the utmost respect for the majority  leader. In his comments he said that the shutdown is painful and  stupid.   No one wants a shutdown, Mr. Chairman, but I will tell you what is  stupid. What is stupid is a southern border that is not secure. I feel  for the Federal employees who missed a paycheck. We don't want any  family to have to go through that, and I understand that.   But I also understand the pain that some families across this country  have suffered, particularly when they lose a loved one because an  illegal immigrant is here and took the life of someone they cared  deeply about.   This shutdown would have never happened if the Democrats would have  voted for what they were for before, what they had already supported.  But no, no, no, they are so focused on stopping the President that they  can't get focused on helping the country.   Everybody knows we need a border security wall. All you have to do,  Mr. Chairman, is watch the caravan phenomena over the last several  months. There is another one forming. Until we understand this and are  willing to deal with the problem, we can keep having these debates, but  I just wish Democrats would support what they did previously, support  money for the border security wall that everybody knows needs to  happen. That is the real problem here.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Mr. Chairman, this is one of the most ridiculous  amendments I have ever seen.   Just a few years ago, the IRS targeted people for their political  beliefs, systematically, for a sustained period of time, went after  conservatives because they didn't like their political beliefs and what  they were doing.   Now we are saying to those same people across this country--we had  constituents. Congressman Meadows had constituents. The gentlewoman  from Massachusetts may have constituents. We are now saying to them:  Mr. and Mrs. Taxpayer, you may have been targeted by the IRS, but now  we are going to take some of your hard-earned tax money and pay them,  give them a pay raise?   Giving people a pay raise who went after people's most fundamental  right, your right to speak out against--your First Amendment liberties,  that is what this amendment would do.   Also, the chairman knows this. We did an investigation in the  Oversight Committee. The IRS had fired people who they then rehired-- now think about this--and some of the people they rehired, who had been  fired, some of the very people they rehired were people who didn't pay  their taxes, and we are now going to give them a pay raise. You have  got to be kidding me.   The very agency that systematically went after people, went after our  most fundamental right, our right, under the First Amendment, to speak  out against our government, went after people for doing that because  they didn't like their political beliefs, set up this elaborate system,  this ``Be on the Lookout'' list, Lois Lerner, and the whole 9 yards,  did that, also the same agency that fired people for not paying their  taxes and then rehired them, and now the taxpayers have to give them a  pay raise. That is what the Democrats want in this amendment.   This is ridiculous. We should reject this, and we should reject, as  we talked about before, the whole darn bill.    Mr. Chairman, I am not painting with a broad brush. Look,  I know there are lots of good employees there. All I am saying is an  agency that did what the IRS did, that rehired people who had been  fired, some of them had been fired for not paying their taxes, an  agency that went after people for their political beliefs, I just--call  me crazy, but you can go ask your average taxpayer: Do you think that  agency that did those things, do you think those people need a pay  raise?   My guess is most of the constituents I get the privilege of  representing in the Fourth District of Ohio would say: Nope, I am not  for that.   That is all I am saying, not painting with a broad brush.   All I know is what this agency did. And it is not a conspiracy  theory, and the gentleman from Virginia knows it.   The inspector general did a report and said targeting occurred at the  Internal Revenue Service. They went after conservative Tea Party  conservative groups, and it happened just as sure I am standing here  speaking on the House floor, and the gentleman from Virginia knows that  to be the case.    Mr. Speaker, what is stupid is not securing the border.   Mr. Speaker, let's just cut to the chase. If Democrats would support  now what they supported then, there never would have been a shutdown.  Ten years ago, all kinds of Senators--Senators Biden,  Feinstein, Schumer, Obama, and Clinton--all supported money for a  barrier on the border.    Senator Obama said this: ``We simply cannot allow people to pour into  the United States undetected, undocumented, and unchecked. Americans  are right to demand better border security and better enforcement of  our immigration laws.''   Secretary Clinton said this: ``I voted numerous times as a Senator to  spend money to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants  from coming in.''   Oh, how times have changed.   Where are the Democrats today? What is the position of the left  today?   Congressman Blumenauer: Abolish ICE.   Candidate Clinton: We need a borderless hemisphere.   The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives said: Walls  are immoral.   And the person they selected to give the State of the Union response,  a gubernatorial candidate in Georgia, said she is okay with noncitizens  voting.   Oh, how times have changed.   All we are asking for is, do what you said before, be for what you  were for before, and let's build a border security wall.   Let's focus on one simple thing here. Let's do what is best for the  country. Everyone knows a sovereign Nation should control its borders.  Everyone knows that a border security wall will help with this caravan  phenomena we have watched over the last several months. Let's build a  border security wall. If we can agree on that--and Democrats were all  for it just a couple of years ago--there never would have been a  shutdown and we would be serving the American people.   