 Mr. Speaker, this piece of legislation is particularly  significant to me. I lived in public housing for 5 years. I saw what  the possibilities were there. I saw people who did not make it, and I  saw people who did made it.   The one thing that I found difficult to accept was the fact that if  you lived in public housing, almost every rule made was designed,  unintentionally, to keep you in public housing.   My father didn't tell the truth about the fact that he was cleaning  up at an office building on Saturday earning some additional money and  then serving at parties on the weekends. He had to pretend that that  didn't happen because he was saving money trying to get our family in  our own home. And it worked. He is watching C-SPAN right now, hearing  his son talk about what could have happened.   The essence of this bill was passed as a part of the appropriations  package that was signed into law earlier this year. It promotes housing  mobility for individuals who rely on housing vouchers.    Under this bill, the Department of Housing and Urban Development  would establish a demonstration program to allow interested public  housing agencies to form consortia to enhance mobility and provide  residents with increased opportunity to move to higher-income  communities.   There is something contagious about working around only poor people.  If you live in a neighborhood and all you see are people who are  struggling, it is easy to come to the conclusion that that is the way  life is: that you are just supposed to struggle and that you are just  supposed to barely make it. If you don't see the signs of people who  are making progress--people who are achieving--you might come to the  conclusion that achievement is beyond one's reach.   This was demonstrated with a research project from Harvard economists  Raj Chetty, Nathaniel Hendren, and Lawrence Katz which indicates that  children who move to higher-opportunity neighborhoods increase their  chances of success. More specifically, the study found that children  who were able to use housing vouchers to move to lower-poverty areas  were 32 percent more likely to attend college and earned 31 percent  more a year than their counterparts in lower-income neighborhoods.   This bill removes barriers by providing families with the tools to  navigate a move from one neighborhood to another. H.R. 1122 will allow  more families to thrive by increasing their access to higher performing  schools, employment opportunities, fresh and affordably priced foods,  and safe playgrounds.   There is something about homeownership or living in a nice  neighborhood. Our family was able to move out. My father bought a house  in a White neighborhood where we could not live and had it moved at  night from the Midwestern Parkway to Gerald Street, where my father  lives today. And, my goodness, I wish the world could see what  transpired.   My father's yard is in contention with any yard in town for the yard  of the summer. We had a water shortage in Texas--we had a drought, a  serious drought 38 years ago--and my father would get up at 3 a.m. in  the morning to trick the city people who would come out checking to see  if anybody was violating the water ordinance by watering his lawn at 2,  3, or 4 a.m. in the morning.   While I am confessing my father broke the law, the truth of the  matter is that it pleased me because we had never had a yard in my life  until we were able to get out of public housing. So not only does it  give the children an opportunity for a higher achievement  educationally, but it also does something for the homeowner.   This bill removes barriers, and I am supportive of that.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, friend, and former  neighbor, Sean Duffy, who worked with me on this bill. And I also thank  the chair and the ranking member of the committee for their continued  support.   With this, I am hopeful that we can continue working across the aisle  to promote housing opportunity for all of our constituents.   