 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from New Hampshire, as  well as the Senator from Virginia and my other colleagues who are  gathered here.   My trek each week to this desk starts in Illinois. It means that for  a number of years, I have gone through the airports of the Midwest-- primarily in Illinois and Missouri--more than most. In fact, I probably  know O'Hare Airport and every corner of it better than anyone who  doesn't work there on a regular basis, and I know the people who work  there, too, at all different levels.   Starting in 2001, we brought in TSA as a means of making certain that  we would be safe boarding airplanes, that people would not bring guns  or weapons or bombs onto planes. These men and women, of course, get on  our nerves once in a while as we have to open a valise or piece of  baggage and take off our shoes, and perhaps we forgot there was a water  bottle onboard. It is a little frustrating, and I know I have had that  feeling, but I often think to myself: They are doing their job, and  thank goodness they are. If it weren't for the men and women of TSA  carefully screening passengers every single day, we would not be as  safe, nor would our families be as safe, on these airplanes.   At 10 this morning, I went out to O'Hare. Instead of heading to the  gate to catch a plane, I had a press conference and brought four of  these TSA agents in to explain what has happened to them and what will  happen this coming weekend because, you see, this is showdown weekend  for these employees. President Trump's shutdown of the Federal  Government will mean that for the first time this coming weekend, these  employees of the Transportation Security Agency are not going to  receive a paycheck. They show up for work every day. They have to. They  are known as essential personnel, which means our government has  decided we can't really function as a nation without them. Yet our  government has decided--at least in the White House--that as important  as they may be, as essential as they may be, starting this weekend they  will work without pay.   I had not met them personally before, but I asked each of them to  explain, what is this going to mean to you and your family--not getting  a paycheck.   They really brought home to me what workers across America--not just  Federal employees but workers across America--face every payday. They  each said to me, with only one exception: Senator, we live paycheck to  paycheck. If we don't receive our paychecks, we have to make some basic  decisions.   One young woman, who had worked for 16 years for TSA, said to me: I  live 39 miles away from O'Hare, roundtrip 78 miles every single day,  and I make it because I need this job, and I need gasoline for my car  to get here. It costs me a lot of money each and every day and every  week. I don't know what I am going to do without the paycheck.   Another one talked about the fact that they are dealing with expenses  we all face--whether it is mortgage or rent--and what it will mean to  them if they can't make their mortgage payment. Well, if you don't make  your mortgage payment on time, and time passes, it affects your credit  rating. It could affect the interest rate you pay on your mortgage or  whether you even have a mortgage when it is all over. So, for these  people, it is a critical element.   One woman brought up something, which I am sure many working families  know instantly. She said: Senator, if I can't get my paycheck, I can't  pay the daycare center that takes care of my kids while I come to work  here every day. That is the reality of life for working families.   So why in the world has President Donald Trump decided that in order  to make his case to the American people, he is going to penalize these  workers, many of whom are essential to America's security and safety?  Why did he do this?   I would have to say, with all due respect to President Donald Trump:  Pick on somebody your own size. Stop picking on people living paycheck  to paycheck who are trying to serve this Nation in important ways.  [[Page S54]]    What we hear from the President: I just have to do it because I have  to have my wall.   We remember the wall. You couldn't miss it in his campaign. He talked  about it incessantly, the sea to shining sea concrete wall that was  going to protect America and be paid for by the Mexicans. Remember  that? Well, here we are. We have given the President money over the  last 2 years in his Presidency to construct fences and barriers where  they are needed--not his almighty wall, 2,000 miles long--but we have  asked him to justify each year how he is going to spend this money,  taxpayers' dollars, and whether it really is worthwhile.   The President has decided he is impatient. He can't wait any longer.  He has to have huge sums of money, maybe even $5 billion, dramatically  increasing spending on barriers at the border, and he has to have it  now, and the only way to make his point is to shut down the government.   I was at a meeting last week when the President said: Make no  mistake, I am not talking about shutting down this government for a few  days. I am prepared--and he repeated it afterward in front of the  cameras. Donald Trump said: I am prepared to shut down this government  for months, even years.   Now, this President is making history. No President in the history of  this country has ever shut down his own government. We have elected men  to lead and manage this government, and we understand that their  responsibility is to keep the lights on and make sure taxpayer dollars  are well spent, but this President doesn't understand that to be his  responsibility, and a lot of innocent people are suffering.   Yesterday, I was at the Department of Agriculture research lab in  Peoria, IL. It turns out it is the largest one, with 200 researchers  there. You think to yourself, they are doing important research when it  comes to agriculture. It turns out this lab has some amazing history  behind it.   It was during World War II at this lab where they discovered  penicillin. It was at the Peoria ag lab where they came up with  penicillin that we could use for our troops who were being wounded in  World War II, saving countless lives in the process. They are pretty  proud of that legacy, and they should be.   Do you know what they are working on now? The Peoria ag lab is  working on something called tunicamycin. I had never heard of it, and I  am a liberal arts lawyer so I don't understand a lot about it, but here  is what it gets down to: This element, which occurs naturally in  nature, can boost the healing power of antibiotics that have been  spent--they no longer have an effect on people--but if tunicamycin is  added, they can once again be effective and save lives. Peoria may have  done it again: first penicillin, now tunicamycin. Well, the lights have  been turned off at the Department of Agriculture research laboratory in  Peoria. They have been turned off because of President Trump's  shutdown.   I met with one of the research team. She has worked there for 15  years, she has a degree in chemistry, and she is doing her best to do  her job, but she is not going to get paid this weekend. I asked her  what she was going to do as a result of it. She said: I hoped I might  be able to apply for unemployment compensation, but, Senator, the  records I need to produce for unemployment compensation are in that  laboratory building, and I can't get in there. They have shut me out.   She can't even apply for unemployment compensation so her family can  get by until the shutdown is over. Why did we do this to her? Why does  this President want to impose this kind of shutdown and hardship on  people who are doing worthy work--at taxpayers' expense, for sure, but  for the taxpayers of America? Whether it is TSA agents or it is people  at the ag lab, these are good people who are dedicated to this  government and have given their life and their life's work to this  government. They deserve better treatment than this.   Let me close by saying a word about the border. The President says it  is all about walls. Well, it turns out there are things he hasn't  shared with the American people, and he is not likely to do it when he  makes his presentation this evening.   Take a look here at the apprehensions at the border. These are the  apprehensions being made by Federal agencies and people trying to cross  the border illegally. Notice something? You may have noticed, in the  year 2000, there were 1.6 million apprehensions. Then take a look at  the year 2018. The apprehensions are down to slightly under 400,000. So  from 1.6 million to slightly under 400,000.   We are going to be told we are facing a security crisis at the  border, and it turns out that we have fewer people seeking to cross the  border illegally now than we have in 45 years, and the apprehensions of  those people have gone down dramatically from 1.6 million to slightly  under 400,000, and we have already dramatically increased the number of  people in Border Patrol.   Meanwhile, let me add something that the President doesn't talk about  because it doesn't fit into his wall scenario. We are facing the worst  drug epidemic in the history of the United States of America. It is  opioids, heroin, and fentanyl, and fentanyl has now been identified by  the CDC as the deadliest narcotic on the streets of America.   Where is the fentanyl coming from? I can tell you where a large part  of it is coming from, from China through Mexico. Oh, they must be  putting it in backpacks and jumping over the border. No, 80 percent of  the fentanyl seized by CBP in 2018 was coming through ports of entry,  places where vehicles and railroad cars go through now. So 80 percent  of this deadly fentanyl seized by CBP was coming through ports of  entry. What are we doing to stop it? Let me tell you, we are not doing  enough. Ninety-eight percent of the railroad cars that come into the  United States are scanned, a basic x ray, to find out what is inside  that car. Is it something that wasn't disclosed? When it comes to cars  and trucks coming into this country, 18 percent are being scanned,  fewer than one out of five of the cars and trucks coming into this  country. Ever wonder how the fentanyl is coming into this country and  killing people in every town across the State of Illinois and across  America? It is coming in through ports of entry.   If the President would stop preaching about his almighty wall and  take a look at real border security, he would be doing what is  necessary to stop this fentanyl and these drugs coming into this  country--and we are not doing enough.   I am for border security. Make it smart. I am not worried about a  President keeping a campaign promise that didn't make sense from the  start. I am worried about keeping this border safe for our families  across the entire Nation. Tonight, let's make sure the people who work  that border and work at TSA and work for the Federal Government get  back to work this week. That is priority No. 1.   