 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5038, the Farm Workforce  Modernization Act. This compromise bill represents the kind of  legislation this body can put together and pass with broad bipartisan  support when Members put aside ideological differences and choose to  work together to solve a very serious and difficult issue.   With this legislation, we will finally begin to address the labor  crisis that has been plaguing American agriculture by providing a  stable and legal workforce so they can continue to grow the best food  and fiber in the world.   In my home State of Oregon, we are a specialty crop State. We rely on  manual labor for nearly every crop we grow. The labor shortage is the  number one issue my farmers face. In many of our ag industries, like  nursery crops or the dairy industry we just heard referenced, the labor  is needed year-round.   H.R. 5038 is a critical step forward in not only providing workforce  stability for our farmers but also in providing a path to lawful  permanent residency for hardworking farmworkers and their family  members.   I am also very proud of the work that PCUN in Oregon has done to help  make this legislation a reality.   I hope our colleagues in the Senate are paying close attention and  move this bill in short order. I urge all Members to support this bill  today.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I  rise today to speak on behalf of H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower  Drug Costs Now Act of 2019.   The bill before us today will finally allow Medicare to negotiate the  price for prescription drugs to get a better deal for our seniors, a  task that has long been successful by the Department of Veterans  Affairs, Medicaid, the Department of Defense, and, frankly, in  commercial insurance plans.   Why not allow our seniors to negotiate the best price for their  costly drugs? It can save the taxpayers a lot of money. Americans  support negotiation.   I will point out that while I appreciate the efforts to expand  service, the Medicare trustees report has shown that the Medicare  hospital insurance trust fund is projected to be depleted by 2026, a  mere 6 years from now. At the same time, Medicare per capita spending  is supposed to grow at a rate of over 5 percent a year.   The savings from the drug negotiation portion of this bill, at least  a big portion of it, should be put toward ensuring that our seniors  will continue to have access to Medicare.   We cannot keep spending money we do not have. As we continue to have  conversations around expanding access to healthcare and lowering costs  of prescription drugs, I urge my colleagues to be mindful that they  need to address the solvency of our healthcare safety net systems.   This is a good bill. I urge support.   