 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life  of one of Florida's brightest lights--a light that was extinguished far  too soon.   One year ago today, we lost Jeri Bustamante in a tragic accident. She  was my press secretary, but she was so much more. She was my Spanish  tutor. She was my travel partner. She was so kind to everyone that you  couldn't help but love her.   Everyone thought Jeri was their best friend because she was so loving  to everyone. She brightened every room that she walked into and made  everyone around her better. There is not much that brings the Florida  political world together, but Republicans, Democrats, and even her  friends in the press loved and respected Jeri.   She lived the American dream. As a small child, Jeri moved from  Panama to the United States with her family, speaking only Spanish. She  grew up in Miami, where she attended Miami Beach High, Miami-Dade  Community College, and Florida International University.   She had a passion for communications. She started out at a local  Miami TV station and eventually worked for the Miami-Dade property  appraiser under Carlos Lopez-Cantera, who became my Lieutenant  Governor.   She joined my reelection campaign for Governor in 2014, and she was  with me for 4 years. She was determined. She was courageous. She had  big goals. She wanted to be the Press Secretary for the President of  the United States, and I have no doubt she would have been. That is the  kind of person she was. She never stopped working to meet her goals in  life, but she always did it with a smile, with a joke, and with a kind  word.   In Jeri's memory, my wife Ann and I established the Jeri Bustamante  Memorial Scholarship to support a graduate of Miami Beach Senior High  School, who, like Jeri, is trying to become the first in their family  to go to college.   Today Senator Marco Rubio and I are introducing a resolution to honor  Jeri's memory. We will never forget her, and we will never forget the  ways she made all of us better.   Now I would like to honor Jeri in the best way I know how, speaking  the Spanish she taught me.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Senate in  Spanish.    I have provided a translation to the Senate for  the Record.   (English translation of statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   Jeri lived the American dream. She was determined. She was brave. She  had great goals. She wanted to be the Press Secretary of the President  of the United States. I have no doubt that she would have achieved it.  That is the kind of person she was. She never stopped struggling to  fulfill her goals in life and always did so with a smile, a joke, and a  kind word.   Senator Rubio and I today present a resolution to honor Jeri's  memory. We will never forget her.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  consideration of S. Res. 147, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   