 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I am proud to be joined by 11 of  my colleagues from the Committee on Education and Labor in presenting  this amendment, which would increase funding for the Department of  Education's Office of Inspector General, or the EDOIG, by $4 million  dollars.   EDOIG conducts independent and objective audits, investigations, and  other activities to promote the efficiency, effectiveness, and  integrity of the Department.   This office helps prevent and detect fraud, waste, and abuse, and  that work is as important now as it has ever been, especially since the  Department of Education has violated the law on three different  occasions under this administration.   Just last year, a Federal court ruled that the Department's actions  during the rollback of a loan-relief plan, had violated Federal privacy  law.   The Department also violated the Administrative Procedures Act by  arbitrarily refusing to discharge the student loan payments of  borrowers who attended Corinthian College, a for-profit university  accused of predatory lending.   And recently, the Department illegally delayed Obama-era regulations  governing online colleges, without conducting the legally-required  negotiated rulemaking.   We insist upon the utmost integrity at the Department entrusted with  the education of our children, and this amendment will make sure that  OIG has the resources and staff it needs to do its critical work.   I would like to reiterate my gratitude to my Education and Labor  Committee colleagues who joined me as cosponsors of this amendment. And  I would also like to thank Chairman  Bobby Scott and his team for his  visionary leadership of our work on behalf of students, families,  workers, and all Americans.   I also thank Chairwoman DeLauro and Chairwoman Lowey for working with  me on this, and for their leadership on this bill which prioritizes  funding for programs that provide opportunities for millions of  American families. Many of those programs have been shortchanged in  recent years, and that will no longer be the case, thanks to the  gentlewomen's leadership.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut  (Ms. DeLauro), my esteemed colleague.    Madam Chair, I want to commend my colleague  from Connecticut, on behalf of the entire freshman class, for her  incredible leadership on this bill.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time I  have remaining.    Madam Chair, I will close.   I will use my last 10 seconds to tell the gentleman that the Janus  decision was nothing about people not paying dues. Unions have not been  allowed to make people pay dues for 60 years in this country. It was  about not having workers pay their fair share for services that unions  are forced to provide them under U.S. law.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   