 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2181, the Chaco  Cultural Heritage Area Protection Act of 2019.   One thousand years ago, Chaco Canyon was the center of a vibrant  ancestral Puebloan culture that became the focal point for ceremonies,  for trade, and for political activity in the prehistoric Four Corners  area.   Today, thousands of ancestral sites and cultural resources are spread  across the Chaco region, while at the same time pump jacks, such as the  one shown here, have become increasingly present across the landscape.   Currently, only a small portion of the region's sacred sites and  abundant cultural resources are protected within the Chaco Cultural  National Historical Park, with much of the surrounding land available  for oil and gas development.   The greater Chaco region is a prime example of how sacred sites are  facing increased threats from encroaching oil and gas development and  the Trump administration's energy dominance agenda. The Bureau of Land  Management has already leased over 90 percent of the public land in the  larger San Juan Basin for oil and gas extraction, and under the Trump  administration, BLM has proposed to lease parcels near Chaco on three  different occasions.   Increased fossil fuel extraction not only threatens the region's  cultural resources, it also threatens clean air and water, as well as  the health and safety of surrounding communities.   New Mexico's methane emissions are already the highest in the  country, and it will only get worse if the region is open to increased  extraction. That released methane--a greenhouse gas that is 34 times  more impactful than CO2--is a significant contributor to the  ongoing climate crisis.   I urge my colleagues to safeguard our Nation against the threat of  continued climate change and vote to protect Chaco's unparalleled  collection of ancient ruins and the health of local communities from  the impacts of oil and gas extraction.   