 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense  amendment that will allow the Department of Housing and Urban  Development Secretary Ben Carson to restore the longstanding,  scientific definition of gender as it relates to federally subsidized  same-sex housing.   The underlying legislation strips the Secretary of that power, and my  commonsense amendment simply gives it back to him. I ask the House to  support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler), chairwoman of the House Values Action Team.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.  It is important that we give the Secretary the ability to set this  definition.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer another commonsense  amendment that will allow the Department of Housing and Urban  Development Secretary Ben Carson to restore the longstanding and  scientific definition of gender as it relates to federally subsidized  same-sex homeless shelters.   The underlying legislation strips the Secretary of that power, and my  commonsense amendment simply gives it back to him. By doing this, we  are working to protect at-risk homeless women and children in the  shelters.   I ask the House to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler), who heads up the Values Action Team which is  an important voice for Americans.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for his  Freudian slip because he knows we shouldn't allow men in the bathrooms  with our female children.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Roy).    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleagues for joining  me on this.   We all know that many of the homeless on our streets have mental  issues, but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are okay with  allowing those homeless men in the bathrooms with our female children,  and that is just wrong.   Mr. Chairman, this is a commonsense amendment. I ask my colleagues to  support it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   