 Mr. President, I am here to recognize an unbelievable  individual who contributed so much to my home State and to our country.   My home State of West Virginia has lost a beloved family man, a noble  veteran, a legendary businessman, a very proud West Virginian, and a  very dear friend.   President John Kennedy, when visiting our State during our centennial  in 1963, said: ``The sun does not always shine in West Virginia, but  the people always do.''   Charles T. Jones, whom we called ``Captain Charlie,'' exemplified  this, and his light will forever shine through the many people who knew  and loved him best. He was truly one of a kind. He was one of the most  warm, kind people I ever had the privilege of knowing.   Last year, I had the privilege of submitting a Congressional Record  statement for Charlie's 100th birthday. He credited his longevity to  good genes, good luck, a great wife, and very supportive family,  colleagues, and friends.   Charlie was an innovator. He always had ideas for how to make  something better or run more smoothly, making him a joy to work with  and to work for.   There is no greater reward in life than to be in a position to give  back to the place that made you who you are. While he grew up on the  banks of the Kanawha River in West Virginia, Charlie attended school in  New Jersey, later earning a degree in business from Babson Institute in  Massachusetts.   Charlie then served his country in the U.S. Navy during World War II  with the Navy Seabees in Guadalcanal and on a minesweeper as an  engineering officer off the coast of Japan and the Philippines.   After the war's end, Charlie came home to West Virginia and went to  work for his family's coking coal business--Star Coal and Coke  Company--which later became Amherst Coal Company in 1946. That was the  company his grandfather started in 1893.   Due to the downturn in production of and demand for coking coal, out  of necessity, the company ventured into river transportation. In 1951,  the family bought the Hatfield-Campbell Creek Coal Company, a business  that operated steamboats, barges, and river terminals along the Kanawha  and Ohio Rivers. He took over the river operations of the company and  renamed them Amherst Barge Company. Along the way, the company became  Madison Coal & Supply Company and is now known as Amherst Madison and  still specializes in marine services like towing, construction,  shipping, and equipment repairs. Amherst and its affiliated companies  have proudly employed thousands of Virginians over the past 70 years.   Charlie was one of the most hard-working, humble, and giving people  the Mountain State has ever known and was a longtime supporter of many  business, charitable, and community organizations throughout the  Kanawha  [[Page S6145]]  Valley. Over the years, he served on numerous boards and committees,  including the Yeager Airport Authority Board, Board of Trustees for the  University of Charleston, Chairman Emeritus of the Inland Waterways  Users Board, Trustee Emeritus of the West Virginia Chapter of the  Nature Conservancy, Director Emeritus of the Mariners' Museum, past  Chairman of the West Virginia Mining and Reclamation Association,  former Director of the Charleston Area Medical Center Foundation, One  Valley Bancorp, the Western Pocahontas Corporation, Ohio Valley  Improvement Association, and so many more.   In recent years, Charlie was honored as a Distinguished West  Virginian by the Governor, entered into the Honorable Order of Kentucky  Colonels by the people of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, inducted into  the West Virginia University College of Business and Economics Business  Hall of Fame, and recognized as a West Virginia ``Who's Who'' by the  State Journal.   Additionally, he received previous honors, such as the Charleston  YMCA's Spirit of the Valley Award, induction into the Coal Mining Hall  of Fame, Charleston Gazette-Mail's West Virginian of the Year, Seamen's  Church Institute Lifetime Achievement Award, and the National Rivers  Hall of Fame Achievement Award, to name only a few.   Put simply, Charlie was a regular Renaissance man. What stands out  about Charlie's character was he that he was beloved by those who  worked with him and knew him. He was compassionate and considerate and  was also a strong leader and motivator with an unparalleled work ethic.  It was an honor to call him a friend.   Once again, Gayle and I send our deepest condolences to his children,  Laura Jones Pray, C. Tandy Jones, and Jennifer Jones. I am honored to  join each of you in remembering Charlie's legacy, as well as the  unwavering love he had for his loved ones, community, and, most  importantly, our home State.   I know he and Mary Ellen and their son Nelson are looking down on  each of them fondly today.   I yield the floor.   