 Mr. Speaker, I happen to be a Christian, and I am  grateful. I am grateful to have been born in a nation where my beliefs  and those of every other American are legally protected by our  Constitution.   It is no coincidence that the very First Amendment to the  Constitution guarantees religious liberty. Our Nation was settled by  men and women from all over the world with divergent beliefs and  conviction. We were Catholics, Puritans, Lutherans, Jews, Baptists,  Hindus, Anglicans, Quakers, and Muslims.   This rich and diverse cultural melting pot was the soil in which the  guarantees of the First Amendment were planted, sprouted, and grew very  strong. And over these last 230 years, the freedom of Americans to  worship and believe as their conscience and their God dictates has  become deeply and firmly rooted in our Nations's heritage, laws, and  jurisprudence. But although deeply rooted, I fear we have forgotten and  neglected its fundamental importance.   The First Amendment was adopted long ago, but freedom--freedom--is  always a new idea. Coretta Scott King wisely said: ``Freedom is never  really won. You earn it and win it in every generation.''   H.R. 5 is bad for freedom. You see, it would immediately expose  churches, religious schools, and universities and faith-based  organizations to legal liability for simply following their earnest  beliefs. It would essentially allow the government to place its hard  and unyielding fist inside the church walls to force compliance with  the convictions and dictates of the State instead of the church.   H.R. 5 is bad for freedom. It would force small businesses, small  business owners all across this country to provide services or products  to the public that may violate their deeply held, faith-based  convictions, again, allowing the State to essentially impose from  above, top down, its own moral codes and rules in place of those of the  individual.   H.R. 5 is bad for freedom. It is a large leap backward for parental  rights, pitting physicians against parents, the genuine religious  convictions of parents when their child seeks life-altering,  irreversible sex reassignment treatment before that child has even  developed physically or emotionally, once again, government inserting  its rigid fist and iron will, this time, directly into the family unit.   H.R. 5 is bad for freedom. It would, in one fell swoop, deliver a  crushing blow to the base of the tree of religious liberty, the tree  that has grown strong and provided shade and protection for many for so  long.   