 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule  reported by the Committee on Rules providing for the consideration of  H.R. 5377, the Restoring Tax Fairness for States and Localities Act. I  was an original cosponsor of this legislation.    Last Congress, the middle class was targeted by the former House  majority. The tax scam law of 2017 remains one of the most destructive  bills we have ever seen here because it specifically went after the  middle class. The principal way it did this was by capping the State  and local tax, or SALT, deduction, one of the oldest deductions on the  books. It existed before the tax code, and there was a reason for it.   This unfair cap hit New Jersey like an anvil dropped from five  stories up. The average value of all New Jersey families' deductions  was $19,162 in 2017, a figure double the $10,000 cap.   But this is not just about New Jersey. The SALT deduction directly  benefited more than 46.5 million households, which represents over 100  million Americans. Almost 40 percent of taxpayers earning between  $50,000 and $75,000 claimed the SALT deduction, and over 70 percent of  taxpayers making $100,000 to $200,000 used it. Imagine that, that  spread over millions of households from coast to coast.   These are families in New Jersey, Illinois, New York, Minnesota,  Kentucky, and Texas. They are not all blue States. That is where you  made your mistake. You tried to nail us, and you got everybody else  paying through the nose to fund a tax cut, which you know went to Big  Business and executives, which didn't invest in the government. It  didn't invest in this government bill. It didn't invest in industry. It  invested in the pockets of shareholders. We know. Look at the data.   When I hold this up at my meetings, your home is worth less than it  should be. That has happened all over the country. That is what it has  done.   Get rid of all the deductions; see what will happen to charity  donations.   Nor is this just a blue-State issue, like some bad faith critics  claim. In 2017, the average SALT deduction exceeded $10,000 in 25  States and the District of Columbia.    At least 10 are so-called red States where the average  deduction exceeded $9,000, including South Carolina, Idaho, Arkansas,  and West Virginia.   SALT benefits flow to all communities, like my hometown of Paterson.  SALT relief empowers communities to make investments in broadly shared  services.   I want to emphasize, this package is fully paid for, so don't give me  this malarkey that you are concerned about the poor people, all of a  sudden. It is like the Sun coming out in the morning, all of a sudden,  and we are concerned about the rich. It doesn't work out that way. It  doesn't work out that way.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman and Mr. Brady. I  thank Messrs. Blumenauer and Buchanan for the great job that they did.  I also thank Mr. Lighthizer. He is a different kind of guy, and I  really believe that he was essential to getting to this vote today.   In my entire political life, I have never had anyone say to me, as  was said today, that if you vote against this, you are voting for the  status quo.   I even have a Jerry Garcia tie on today. Me and the status quo don't  agree most of the time.   So there are some questions that do remain.   The ship of human rights has not been righted. The President never  once mentioned in any speech, during 2016 until now, about human rights  and about workers' rights in discussing NAFTA. Mexican workers are  still being treated like chattel, American jobs will still flow through  other countries, and sham protection unions will still own the day.  This bill has made many improvements, but it is not enough.   Some can say: Is there ever enough?   There are too many questions.   Will Mexico be held accountable to fully enforce their labor laws?   We don't know.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5377.   The bill is a carefully crafted and balanced package of tax relief  created to address the injustice done to our middle-class families by  the SALT cap.   Remember, if you are rich, you get double taxed. If you are not so  rich, you get double taxed.   That is what we are talking about here. It is the product of months  of hard work by members of our committee and the working group led by  Mr. Thompson.   I thank the gentleman from California for the time he spent on this  and for not giving up. I am grateful to our many other colleagues from  other States, blue and red. I also thank our committee chair, the  gentleman from Massachusetts, for his leadership and hard work. I  strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this important  legislation.   I am going to conclude with this, Madam Speaker. They have only  talked about one side--the other side has done this--about what happens  to those ``millionaires'' if, in the bill, we pay for it by increasing  the personal income tax from 37 percent to 39 percent, from where it  was before.   Have you subtracted that from what you are going to get back on their  taxes? No, you haven't, because you have done it in a dishonest way.   That is why the middle class gets shafted. Not this time.   