 Mr. Speaker, people at home think they are watching C- SPAN, but this is more like ``Masterpiece Theatre.'' I mean, this is  actually like a documentary where we record what happened in history,  but here we see that we are going to change and revise history. We are  going to remind everybody who is watching and everybody in this House  that, under this minority leader, who was the majority leader at the  time, we passed a bill in this House to keep the government open.   We didn't want to shut down the government. We wanted to keep the  government open and fund border security. We passed it in this House.   Mr. Speaker, I know everybody is smiling over there because you voted  against it, but we passed it in this House, and we sent it to the  Senate. It was the Senate Democrats who said, ``Oh, no. Oh, no, we are  not going to do any of that border security stuff. We want you to go  ahead and have the shutdown, and then we will blame it all on you.''   Mr. Speaker, we are not here to revise history. We would like to get  to the task at hand, which is solving this issue of border security.   We ask the other side, instead of engaging in this blame game, of  which they are wholly part of, obviously--they didn't want to keep the  government open. The Senate Democrats didn't want to do anything  to keep the government open. Forget this charade, this theater, and  let's get to negotiating on border security and making sure that the  American people are safe.     Madam Speaker, we are here today to talk a little bit  about what we just saw, which is what the gentleman from Texas is  talking about, this vote that we just had with the condemnation of  shutdown.   Let's just be clear. Nobody--nobody--in this House, whether it be  Democrat, Republican, conservative, liberal, anywhere in between, or in  the Senate, nobody votes for shutdown. There is no bill that says: Are  you voting ``yea'' to shut down the Federal Government or are you  voting ``nay''? That is not how this goes.   What happens is we are trying to fund. It is an appropriations bill.  And ``appropriation'' is a fancy way of just saying: We are taking your  tax dollars, and this what we are spending. This is our priority. This  is how we are spending it.   There is a disagreement, and we can't come to an agreement. Nothing  happens. That is the problem: nothing happens. So the Federal  Government shuts down.   Now, we had a discussion earlier on when I said: Look, we are having  this vote today to condemn this horrible thing. That doesn't fix  anything. It doesn't solve a thing. It is just theater. And the  American people and our country have big issues at stake that we need  to get to solving. This doesn't solve anything.   This is just: Let's make sure we place blame where we think blame is  so we can pound our chest and feel good and we can--oh, by the way-- cover for some of our Members who voted ``no'' on paying Federal  employees who were working. That is what this was all about.   It is in the past. It is in the past. But right now we should be  talking about the negotiation which caused this whole thing in the  first place.   Quite honestly, you should be able to talk and chew gum at the same  time, which is: Let's have a discussion about what is appropriate at  the border and keep all of the Federal Government open at the same  time. But, no, we can't do that because we are not interested in  securing our border.   That is really what this is all about. This is the Homeland Security  appropriations bill. And if you are not talking about securing the  border in the Homeland Security appropriations bill, I don't know where  you are going to talk about it.   So, again, no one wants a shutdown. No one voted for a shutdown.   But I reminded the majority party that, in December, this House,  under Republican leadership, voted for a bill that would have kept the  government open and, in walking and chewing gum at the same time,  provided for border security that the President would have signed.   The majority leader said: You guys voted on a bill after waiting for  a year that you knew couldn't pass.   Well, during that period of a year, the reason it couldn't pass is  the reason it didn't pass in the Senate: because Senate Democrats  refused to fund border security.   Now, I believe they are for border security, but if it says ``the  wall,'' well, that is President Trump, and we certainly can't have any  of that. I would say we have got to get past that.   Look, you can dislike the President all you want. That is your  prerogative. But don't translate your dislike for the President into  not caring for the security of the American people. And that is what  has happened here.   We are now in January, at the end of January. We don't know what the  numbers for January are. We don't know the numbers for December yet.  But Homeland Security reported in November, between the ports of entry,  between the points of entry, 51,000 people were apprehended coming  across our border. We don't know how many weren't apprehended. We just  know we got 51,000.   My friends on the other side of the aisle say: We are for border  security, so we want some drones and more technology and beef up the  points of entry.   We are not opposed to that, but we are saying, generally, that is  status quo, right? We are talking about fixing the status quo. We are  not talking about doing anything in between the points of entry, which  is what the discussion really is all about.   And the President is willing to do things at the points of entry and  in between, but some folks are not, and that is where we are having a  problem.    In 1 month.    Madam Speaker, I am not sure what else to call it.   We are a generous people, and I, myself, am the product of legal  immigration through Ellis Island. We want to remain that way. The  United States is the most generous nation on the planet in that regard,  I think last year admitting, legally, about 1.7 million people into our  country.   All we are saying is: Listen, please just knock on the door. We have  a process here. We have got to do it the right way. Don't just barge  in. Just ring the doorbell.   But these folks are saying: Well, we don't want to ring the doorbell.   You can clearly see why, if you are trafficking in little girls or  young men, if you are trafficking in the 90-plus percent of heroin  coming across the border and into every single town, laced with  fentanyl.   If you are trafficking in MS-13, you are not going to go to the point  of entry and say: ``Hey, Mr. Border Patrolman, I have got this stash of  drugs here. You don't mind if I bring this into your country.'' No, you  are going to go where they are not.   The President is saying this is where we need to secure our border as  well, as well as the points of entry.   Again, I don't understand why we are in this mutually exclusive  position. I don't think that Democrats don't want to secure the border,  but securing the border has to be more, something more than putting a  drone up in the sky so that we can see them coming.   The point is that they don't get across the border, not just to see  them coming, but that they don't get onto our side of the border with  whatever they are bringing and that we interdict them. That is the  issue here.   So I think we should be closer than we are, and I would urge my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to just appeal to their  better angels.   We don't have to side with the cartels. Republicans and Democrats can  be together and siding with the American people and securing America  and its people from this unsafe circumstance, whether it is gang  members and gang-related violence, whether it is drugs coming into our  community, or whether it is low-skilled labor that puts our low-skilled  labor--there are people in America, believe it or not, who don't  graduate high school, and they have a hard time finding a job because  they don't have an education.   Not only are they competing against the things that they have in  their own circumstance--right?--of not having an education in their own  country, but now they are competing against other people who don't have  a high school education from another country, who are willing to work  for less than they are.   If we don't stand up for the least of those in our community who have  the least, who have the worst disadvantage against them, our  constituents, who is going to?   I would say to my friends on the other side of the aisle: It is  really time to stop with the theater here and the blame game. It is  what it is now. Nobody votes for a shutdown. Nobody votes for a  shutdown. But stop with all that, and let's get to real, live  negotiations.   You don't have to side with the cartels. You can side with the  American citizens. You don't even have to consider it siding with the  President of the United States if you find that unpalatable. You can  side with the citizens in your community who don't want MS-13, who  don't want heroin, who don't want fentanyl, who don't want people  stealing their wages from the citizens in their community.   So I would just appeal to them. I know their heart is good, so we  just ask them to negotiate in good faith.   The good gentleman from Texas and I will be here when they come up  with their plan. We have asked--right?--for 30-some days: What is your  plan? We know you don't like the President. We got that. But what is  your plan? Have we seen it? I haven't seen anything yet, right? I  haven't seen their proposal yet.    Madam Speaker, I can't speak to what happened in the past,  and I don't know where the money went either, but I know where we are  today.   I know that our communities are in peril for these issues that we  have discussed already. I am sure, coming from Texas, you can name  people's names. I can name people who have been murdered, who have died  of overdoses. Even if you are just an average taxpaying citizen in  Pennsylvania--I don't know about other States--but in Pennsylvania, we  pay at least $1.3 billion annually just for illegal immigration in the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and that doesn't include healthcare and  social services. That is education and incarceration. And we are 2,000  miles from the border.   If you are a senior citizen in Pennsylvania, where our property taxes  are high, you have paid your mortgage, you are no longer working, you  are on a fixed income, you are counting on your retirement and maybe  your Social Security and your savings, and the price tag keeps going up  because people keep coming into your community illegally. You are in  peril of losing your home, you are looking to your representatives and  saying: Sir, ma'am, what are you doing about this problem? We cannot  accept this. We don't want to lose our home to pay for this problem  that shouldn't be happening.   Regardless of what happened in the past, I can't fix that. But what  we are saying in this House, as Republicans, is the status quo of  51,000 people in 1 month getting caught between the entry points cannot  continue. It is too much. It must be stopped. We must do something.   If the other side has a better plan, God bless them. I am ready to  sit down and look at it, but we have been waiting for it since December  20-something. It is now the end of January. We are prepared. The  gentleman from Texas, the Representative from Texas, and I are willing  to consider whatever they have, but we don't have anything so far.   This President has offered, I think, four or five times things that  they  [[Page H1324]]  have wanted and said: Let's come to the table.   We can't fix it on our own. We need their involvement. We need their  input.   We just beseech them: Let's get past all this theater. Let's get down  to brass tacks here and start saving our community.   