 Madam President, at the end of June, we received news that  sickened so many of us. The Youngstown Vindicator, one of Ohio's  greatest local newspapers, is closing after 150 years in business.   It is devastating news for a community that is already reeling from  General Motors' abandonment of  [[Page S4686]]  Lordstown--and ``abandonment'' is the right word. General Motors made  the decision to shut down production, losing 4,500 jobs in Lordstown,  OH. They moved some of their production to Mexico. They took part of  their tax cuts and their profits and used that money to buy stock  options for their top executives.   The Vindicator was reporting the story about GM's abandonment of  Lordstown before the national media came to town. When GM laid off one  shift of workers back in late 2016, after the Presidential election,  then a second shift several months later, the Vindicator was there  covering what those job losses meant to this community. We know the end  of the Vindicator's coverage is another huge blow to Mahoning Valley.   Our hearts break for the dedicated journalists and support staff  losing their jobs. This was a family-owned paper for 132 years.   This will not just be a loss for those who worked there. When local  newspapers close, everyone suffers. Local reporters know their  communities better than anyone. David Skolnick, Mark Sweetwood, and the  entire Vindicator team have held local officials accountable. They told  the stories of how national issues affect real Ohioans, how our trade  policy hurts Ohio workers, and how the opioid crisis has devastated the  valley. Craig Graziosi and many others have done vital work covering  Lordstown. These journalists care about the cities and towns they  serve. They hold those in power accountable, whether it is local  government or city business leaders.   NPR reported on what happens when local papers shut down. First of  all, investigative reporting suffers. Long investigations are  expensive. Usually, when there are no local newspapers to do these  stories, no one steps in to fill the void. The investigations don't  happen. Corruption increases, the city's financial health suffers, and  citizens get hurt.   Three researchers looked at local newspaper closures over a 19-year  period. From 1996 to 2015, 300 papers across the country closed in that  time. They found that where papers closed, city borrowing costs went  up. Without local journalists, city watchdogs, the city's finances took  a hit. It became more costly for taxpayers to fund local schools and  other projects. It is just more evidence that journalists are vital to  our communities and are necessary for our democracy.    Too many people in this country already undermine the work that  journalists do--or worse. We see reporters restricted, vilified, and  even threatened--all for getting up every day and doing their jobs  honorably.   On the anniversary of the shooting at the Capital Gazette in  Annapolis, MD, where several reporters were murdered in cold blood, the  President of the United States joked about getting rid of journalists.  That is pretty sick. He is the same President who says journalists are  the enemy of the people.   Meanwhile, Wall Street hedge funds gobble up local papers around the  country. Just this spring, the Cincinnati Enquirer and other papers  around the country that are owned by Gannett fought off a hostile  takeover by a New York hedge fund. These guys--and they are mostly guys  in the hedge funds--buy up local newspapers and turn around and  dismantle them. They fire reporters, and they sell company assets. That  is their business model--to put tens of millions of dollars in their  pockets. There is no public benefit to that; there are only benefits to  the hedge fund operators. It is the last thing we need as the news  business gets tougher and tougher.   We have lost veteran reporters at Cleveland.com and at the Columbus  Dispatch. The Dispatch's parent company, GateHouse Media, laid off more  than 100 journalists this spring, including its longtime Washington  bureau chief, Jack Torry, and now The Vindicator is closing its doors  for good.   It is time for us in the White House and in this Congress to stand up  for the free press, to stand up for community newspapers, and to stand  up for local journalists, who are vital to the fabric of cities and  towns like Youngstown and all across this country.   