 Mr. President, before I speak, I ask unanimous consent  that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action on the Calabria and Altman nominations.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Since I made that unanimous consent motion, and I am  going to be speaking for longer than 10 minutes, I ask unanimous  consent to speak for whatever time I may consume, which will probably  be in the neighborhood of 20 minutes.    Mr. President, yesterday the Ways and Means Committee  sent a letter to the IRS requesting the President's tax returns. Last  night, I had a chance to read that letter, and I have to say that if  you take it at its face value, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense.  Consider the reasons that are stated in that letter from the Ways and  Means Committee for requesting the President's tax returns. It states  that the committee is conducting oversight of the audit process that  the IRS uses to evaluate Presidential tax returns.   Currently, the IRS examines the President's tax returns as a matter  of policy--simple policy--but a review isn't required by law. Democrats  of the Ways and Means Committee have said they are now looking into  whether the current IRS policies of auditing the President is enough or  if congressional action may be needed. Democrats have even been talking  about making IRS audits of the President's returns mandatory every  year, even though--now, I understand that--even though the IRS does  that every year, and they have been doing it for a long period of time.   In a press release, a Democratic member of the Ways and Means  Committee said he has a duty to examine whether congressional action is  needed to require Presidential audits and to oversee that they are done  correctly. Ask yourself why that member would be saying that.   I, for one, haven't seen any evidence that the IRS has suddenly  changed its policy under this President, meaning President Trump, or  that it is conducting a less thorough review of President Trump's taxes  than it did of previous Presidents or that it hasn't  [[Page S2259]]  conducted a review at all. So why are the Democrats considering these  changes to the Tax Code now? Why didn't they raise the issue under  President Obama or President Bush or President Clinton? The answer of  course is that nothing has changed.   There is no reason to believe the IRS is doing any less due diligence  in its review of President Trump's taxes than it has for any other  President in our memory. The letter also states the committee needs to  know the scope of the audit that the IRS conducts when it looks at a  President's tax returns; that it needs to know whether there is a  review of underlying business activities reported by the President. If  Democrats are truly interested in finding out the level of scrutiny  given to a President's tax returns, why not simply just ask the IRS to  describe its audit procedure? That is a very straightforward question,  and I am sure Commissioner Rettig would be happy to oblige with a  straightforward answer. Why is there a need to seek President Trump's  tax returns in order to get an answer to those questions? I want to  give you a hint: There isn't one.   The letter also states that the committee is looking into how the IRS  is doing its job of enforcing tax laws in a fair and impartial manner.  In a statement yesterday, the Ways and Means Committee said it  especially wants to know whether or not audits of Presidential tax  returns are fully and appropriately being conducted.   Along those lines, in addition to asking for President Trump's tax  returns and those of his businesses for the last 6 years, the Democrats  have asked for information on the status of all audits of those tax  returns that have been conducted. It sounds like they are planning to  conduct their own review of the President's tax returns to see whether  the IRS has been doing its job. Now, there is a problem with that.   The IRS audits more than 1 million tax returns every year. While  audits of the President and Vice President might happen automatically,  the audit process that is followed for them ought to be the same as it  is for everyone else. Every member of the Ways and Means Committee  knows that as well.   In members' remarks yesterday, they said the committee has a  responsibility to conduct oversight of the tax system to determine how  Americans, including those in elected office, are complying with the  law. In other words, the President and the Vice President ought to be  held to the same high standards as every other American--not a  different standard but the same standard. There is no reason to believe  this isn't already happening. Democrats haven't offered a shred of  evidence to suggest the IRS hasn't done its job auditing President  Trump, his taxes, or anybody else's for that matter.   By the way, if Democrats are really so concerned about enforcement,  then why not ask the Treasury inspector general to conduct a review of  the IRS audit process? Well, I want to tell you why they might not do  that. It is because they are not concerned about oversight of the IRS  enforcement process at all. What they are interested in is using their  oversight responsibilities to collect as much information about this  President's finances as they can get their hands on, and that is really  the bottom line, isn't it?   This letter from the House Democrats doesn't make sense when taken at  face value because you can't take it at face value. Democrats say they  are interested in the tax returns of all Presidents when they are  really just interested in one--President Trump's.   If the effort to get the President's tax returns isn't part of a  grand reform effort, as they would have us believe, then what is it  motivated by? I want to tell you what it is motivated by. It is  motivated by the Democrats' intense dislike of this President. It is  motivated by their frustration over losing an election they thought  they would easily win. It is motivated by their desire to use all of  the resources at their disposal to find something--anything--to bring  this President down.   Just take a look at how this whole effort to request the President's  tax return has unfolded. That will tell you a real story. Democrats  started making calls for President Trump to release his tax returns  while he was still a candidate during the 2016 election. At the time,  Democratic calls for the release of his tax returns were clearly just a  political attack, not a policy issue as they now want us to believe.   Secretary Clinton said: ``There must be something really terrible in  those tax returns.''   Her communications director used the issue to chide then-candidate  Trump for ``hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on . . .  previous promises.''   In his speech before the Democratic National Convention, Mrs.  Clinton's running mate questioned then whether then-Candidate Trump had  been paying his fair share, at once calling for him to release his tax  returns and asking: ``Donald, what are you hiding?''   Since the election, these calls have continued, as you see yesterday.  Democrats have just come up with more inventive excuses for making  these calls, although I suspect the underlying political reasons are  the same today as they were in 2016. Consider how those reasons have  changed over time.    Not long after the election, at the beginning of the last Congress,  93 House Democrats signed a resolution of inquiry directing the  Secretary of Treasury to turn over the President's tax returns. That  request to turn over his tax returns was to be provided to the full  House of Representatives and not to the Committee on Ways and Means.   The House Democrats' portion of that resolution committee report,  signed by the ranking member and current chairman, is filled with  complaints about the President's refusal to release his tax returns,  none of which ever mentioned reviewing IRS audits or even inquiring  about IRS audit procedures.   In that report, Democrats say that the President has ``rebuked over  40 years of tradition'' by refusing to release his tax returns. They  say that the President's tax returns should be released because he has  a vast domestic and international business empire. They say they should  be released because he is ``not the average American.'' They say they  should be released because he is President of the United States and has  the power to sign bills into law, and that is supposed to serve as some  kind of justification for demanding and releasing his tax returns. I  can tell you that the law does not support that argument.   Under section 6103 of the Federal Tax Code, the tax returns of all  Americans, including even the President of the United States, are  considered to be private information.   Without an individual's permission, tax information can't be released  except under the most limited circumstances. Let's not forget that our  Tax Code reads that way for a very good reason.   Congress reformed the modern IRS privacy law in 1976, not long after  President Nixon left office. Nixon had used his power over the IRS to  target his political enemies. By passing that law in 1976, Congress  wanted to make sure that never happened again. Congress was determined  to put protections in place that would prevent any kind of abuse of  that IRS power in the future. Congress wanted to ensure private tax  information was never used for political purposes again. But if you  strip away all of the pretense and trace this current effort back to  its roots, that sounds an awful like what is happening right now with  the efforts of the members of the Ways and Means Committee.   I stopped listing them, but Democrats have had plenty of other  reasons in the past for claiming to need President Trump's tax returns.   In 2017, Democrats also said the President's taxes should be released  because he stood to benefit from the tax reform that Congress passed  and the President then signed into law. Apparently, because the  President is wealthy and successful, they figured he must have had a  self-interest in supporting that reform.   A more recent effort to get the President's returns is contained in a  bill the House Democrats recently sent to the Senate, known as H.R. 1.  That bill contains a provision requiring that candidates for President  and Vice President, as well as the sitting President and Vice  President, release their last 10 years of individual tax returns.  Assuming the proposal lives on, even if the bill doesn't, I wonder if  that is one of the items they were hoping to evaluate through their  current oversight efforts.  [[Page S2260]]    Maybe they want to see the President's tax returns in order to  evaluate their proposal to see the President's tax returns. That sounds  like a lot of circular logic to me.   Democrats have also made a big deal out of the fact that under  section 6103, the Secretary of the Treasury ``shall'' turn over  relevant tax records to the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee if  he requests it. That is exactly right, as long as the committee has a  legitimate legislative purpose in asking for them, as opposed to this  perceived political reason for why they want to do it.   For decades, the courts have been clear that congressional requests  for information, like those tax returns or anything else we are trying  to do, must have a legitimate legislative purpose. That is where the  Democrats come up very, very short.   See, they don't have a purpose. All they have are a lot of excuses.  Let me tell you something. Introducing legislation that would  essentially require the President to release his tax returns and then  using that to somehow justify requesting the President's tax returns is  one of the worst excuses I have ever heard of.   You would think, considering the amount of time and practice they  have had trying to rationalize all of this and make it sound so very  good, they would be able to come up with something a little bit better  than that. Apparently not, and that really speaks volumes, doesn't it?   The fact is, the reasons the Democrats have offered for wanting  President Trump's tax returns back in 2016 and 2017 don't pass muster  any better than the ones they are trying to peddle right now. That is  because they are not requesting the tax returns in order to investigate  a problem in need of oversight at all. All they really care about is  finding a pretext to bring this President down.   As a Member of Congress who knows firsthand the importance of good  oversight, that is what concerns me the most about this whole campaign  that is going on in the other body.   I happen to know a thing or two about oversight. Over my career, I  have conducted oversight of the last seven Presidential  administrations--Democrat and Republican. I have called out both  parties for doing things they shouldn't be doing. In that spirit, I  have always said that every single Member of Congress is dutybound to  conduct oversight of the Federal Government. In fact, I remind every  new Member that I run into in this body--and the Presiding Officer has  heard me tell him this--that if you want to get a bill passed, you have  to have 51 votes to get it passed, but if you want to do oversight, you  have to have one vote--your own decision to do that oversight.   The responsibility to conduct oversight is and ought to be regarded  by each and every one of us as sacrosanct. The power to conduct  oversight flows directly from the Constitution.   As Members of Congress, we owe it to the people we represent to  preserve and protect its use as a tool for carrying out our legitimate  constitutional responsibilities. I don't believe for a minute that when  the Framers created article I--the power of Congress to legislate--what  they had in mind was Members using these powers to collect personal  information on their political opponents in an effort to destroy those  political opponents.   In all my years of conducting oversight, I have never started with an  end result and then worked backward in search of a reason for making it  happen. That is not how oversight is done.   Oversight is about advocating for transparency, and with transparency  comes accountability in order to fix problems and to improve  government. It is not about searching for ways to sow division and tear  down your political opponents. What Democrats are doing now looks a lot  more like the latter than the former. If that is what they are up to,  it is not oversight at all.   When you strip away all of their pretexts and when you strip out  their circular logic, all you have are Democrats who want to go after  the President in any way they can. They dislike him with a passion, and  they want his tax returns to destroy him. That is all this whole  process is about, and it is Nixonian to the core.   I yield.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   