 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, once again I am here to announce a  looming deadline hanging over the heads of our hard-working and  patriotic coal miners. It is a shame that we have to do this again, and  the reason is that we didn't fix it the first time.   If we don't pass the American Miners Act, there will be 1,200 retired  coal miners who will lose their healthcare by the end of this year.  Those 1,200 coal miners spent a lifetime underground, in part, digging  the coal that we needed to become the strongest and greatest Nation the  world has ever seen. They have always done the heavy lifting. They gave  up raises and bonuses year after year in exchange for the promise of  economic security when they retired. So they paid for this. They held  up their end of the bargain, and it is time that we held up ours.   Why is the healthcare of retired coal miners once again on the  chopping block? We have gone through this before. It is because of the  courts. Our court system has again allowed coal companies to break  their promises to their workers. Through bankruptcy, they were able to  shed their obligations to pay for these hard-earned healthcare and  pension benefits, and then they were able to reemerge from bankruptcy  as a profitable company once all the money was basically taken  [[Page S4892]]  from them. This time around, it was Westmoreland Coal Company and  Mission Coal Company that both declared bankruptcy approximately at the  same time in 2018.   For those of you who think this is another big government program,  let me share a little history with you.   In 1946, due to the horrendous working conditions our miners faced  every day, there was a nationwide strike. It brought our Nation's  economy to its knees. President Truman dispatched the Secretary of the  Interior, Julius Krug, to meet with the president of the United Mine  Workers of America, John L. Lewis. They ended that strike by signing  the Krug-Lewis Agreement, which created a retirement fund and  healthcare benefits for our Nation's miners and their families that had  the full backing of the U.S. Government.   It was not coming from government tax dollars. It did not come from  the people of the United States paying for this retirement and pension  plan and healthcare. It came from every ton of coal that was sold. From  that time forward, there would be a certain amount of that set aside.  So they worked for it, and they paid for it. It was part of their  compensation. Unfortunately, over 70 years later, we are still fighting  to make good on that promise.   Then, in the 1980s, with the bankruptcy laws changing the way they  did, people were basically walking away. This money was there. Somebody  got it. Usually, through the bankruptcy, it was dispersed to the  creditors and not to the miners who had earned it. That is what we are  really talking about.   We have the chance today to pass my bill, the American Miners Act,  along with all of my colleagues who worked so hard with us on that, to  ensure that once and for all these coal miners and their wives and  children will not lose their healthcare and pension benefits and will  get them back. It is fully offset and will not cost the taxpayers a  dime. We are using money that we are not only borrowing, but basically  it is from abandoned mine land money, of which we have excesses, which  can still take care of the obligations we have to use it for those who  mine the coal.   The entire Democratic caucus cosponsored this bill when it was filed  on the National Defense Authorization Act last month. Everybody signed  off. If our colleague here, the Senator from Kentucky, would just put  it on the agenda, it would pass. It came out of the Finance Committee  last year in a bipartisan vote--a very strong bipartisan vote. We all  know we have made a commitment to the people who work so hard.   I am asking all of us to keep our promise the way we did when we  passed the Miners Protection Act, which saved the healthcare of 22,600  miners. We need to finish the job, but guess what. We still have 87,000  miners who are going to lose their pensions by no later than 2022 if we  don't do something. This adds another 1,200 who are going to lose their  healthcare by the end of the year. So the crunch time is here. These  people have worked hard.   Let me tell you about the pensions. The people who would receive the  pensions are mostly widows. Do you know what the average pension is?  Less than $600 a month--less than $600 a month for the people who have  worked for 20, 30, 40 years underground and have provided the energy to  keep the lights on in the country and have kept our country strong  enough to help us win every war.   I am happy that my colleagues have joined me here today. I am happy  that my neighboring Senator from the great State of Virginia is right  here beside me.   Senator Kaine has been a champion working very hard for the coal  miners in Southwest Virginia who have contributed so much to our  country and basically worked very closely with the miners in West  Virginia. We are proud to have him here.   So without further conversation from me, I am going to now turn it  over to my good friend and colleague Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, if I could, first of all, thank my  colleague from Virginia, my dear friend Senator Kaine. I just want to  touch on one thing before we have Senator Casey speak on behalf of all  the coal miners he represents in the State of Pennsylvania.   On the Black Lung Fund, a lot of people don't know, the House of  Representatives basically, 2 years ago, passed a bill reducing the fund  from $1.10 to 55 cents. I called over to my friends and colleagues in  the House, and I said: You would think we don't need the money anymore  because we have cured black lung--but it is just the contrary. We have  more diseases and more younger people getting black lung, and I will  tell you the reason why.   When mining coal, you are cutting through a lot of rock, and you get  silica coming out from that. We are cutting into more rock than ever  before. We have even more younger miners contracting black lung. We  need to fund more now than ever before, and this is not the time to cut  it. That 55 cents a ton makes a difference between solvency or not,  curing people or the Federal Government having to step in.   The coal miners have been proud to pay their own way. They paid for  their pension. They paid for their healthcare. They didn't take money  home because when they negotiated, this is how much stayed in the fund.  Basically, somebody received that money, the benefit, but not the  people who worked for it. Now they are willing to try to fix that with  the coal they mined from the abandoned mine land money. That is all we  are asking for. We will take care of our own problems.   We are begging the majority leader of this respected body to please  put this bill on the floor and let the body vote on it because we have  had good bipartisan support. Everybody respects the person providing  the energy who protected this country, and that is all we are asking  for.   There is no one who has fought harder and worked harder on this than  Senator Casey from Pennsylvania, and that is another State that borders  West Virginia that we are proud of and are very close with, and they  have given so much.   With that, I yield the floor to Senator Casey.   