 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is ``Washington Waste  Wednesday.'' It is a new series I launched last week to highlight all  of the ways Washington wastes taxpayer dollars. Unfortunately, there  are a lot of ways.   My belief is that you, the American taxpayer, can spend your money  better than Washington can. It is a novel concept here in DC. The way  Washington spends your money is oftentimes an embarrassment.   As Governor of Florida, my focus on responsible spending meant more  money in the pockets of Florida families and more funding available to  pay down State debt and invest in what mattered most to our families.  We paid down $10 billion in State debt over my 8 years as Governor-- nearly one-third of total State debt. We cut taxes 100 times, giving  more than $10 billion back to Florida families and job creators. And we  have record funding for education, for the environment, and for  transportation.   But right now, our national debt is impossible to fathom, much less  sustain. It is $22 trillion. Just let that sink in for a minute. We are  already $22 trillion in the hole, but that doesn't stop the far-left  Democrats from proposing more debt for this country.   Medicare for All, which I like to call Medicare for None, would not  only throw 150 million people off the private insurance they like, but  it is projected to cost as much as $32 trillion over a decade. That is  $32 trillion with a ``t.''   The problem with our healthcare system is rising costs. It just costs  too much. Prescription drugs cost too much. Hospital visits cost too  much. ObamaCare drove up the cost of healthcare. That is obvious. Then  the government tried to hide that cost by providing Federal subsidies  to the tune of $737 billion in 2019--$737 billion in 2019 and $1.3  trillion by 2029.   Instead of providing subsidies and proposing more wasteful ideas, we  should be focused on bringing down the cost of healthcare, which solves  two problems. First, it will result in more people having healthcare  coverage, and, second, it would ensure that health insurance results in  actual healthcare.   Reduce costs and you solve both of these problems, but solving  problems is a novel concept in Washington. The Democrats in Washington  just want to spend more money to solve every problem. On top of  Medicare for All, the Democrats want a Green New Deal. The Green New  Deal--I call it the Green Job Killer--would cost as much as $93  trillion. These two proposals alone will cost more than $100 trillion.  To put that in perspective, that is more than $300,000 for every man,  woman, and child in the United States--$300,000. You wouldn't run a  business like this, so why are Democrats proposing to run a country  this way?   We are turning this Nation around. Our economy is booming, and wages  are rising. We can't go along with this dangerous socialist playbook.  Higher taxes, more debt, and more regulation will reverse our success  and bankrupt our country. These ideas are the craziest examples of  Washington waste we have seen in a long time.   Thankfully, the American people will not go along with socialism. We  can cut the waste and cut the spending, but we have to be thoughtful.  We have to propose real solutions, just as we did in Florida, to make  Washington work for all American families.   I yield the floor.   