 Mr. Speaker, this agreement is a good step forward; not  a great step, but a good step.   As vice chairman of the Budget Committee, and a veteran who serves on  the Armed Services Committee, I want to speak for a moment about its  impact on our national security.   This bill turns our attention to confronting and out-competing our  adversaries. And partly, it does so by ending the threat of  sequestration.   Now, we all know that the Budget Control Act was established with the  tool of sequestration in an effort to improve our budgeting process to,  in fact, address our debt, which itself is a threat to our national  security. But we also know that that hasn't worked. And in the  meantime, our national security, our defense budgeting is at risk.   This bill not only ends that; it also creates parity in increased  defense investments with domestic investments. That is a big deal,  because it means we will spend as much on the dignity of Americans as  we will on their defense.   But it is also important to note that a lot of defense functions, a  lot of things that ensure our national security fall under nondefense  discretionary spending; things like investing in veterans' healthcare,  investing in embassy security. In fact, the entire investment we make  in the Department of Homeland Security falls under nondefense  discretionary spending, and we increase that significantly with this  deal.   But let's not kid ourselves. This deal is not perfect. America is  racking up a huge credit card bill which our kids will have to pay. It  has skyrocketed under this President and his massive tax cut for the  wealthiest few, and this bill does not address that.   And while I don't love that this bill was negotiated behind closed  doors, it proves there is middle ground, and it strips Congress of  those draconian tools in the Budget Control Act that made that middle  ground hard to find.   Chairman Yarmuth and his team have done us a tremendous service. This  deal buys us the time and the opportunity to fix the budgeting process,  and I hope we will use it.   In the window this creates, where we aren't negotiating under  gunpoint, let's fix Congress and create a next-generation budgeting  process where there is thoughtful debate and, ultimately, consensus  around a fiscally responsible bill. We can get there. We can start  today, and we can begin by passing this bill.   