 Madam Speaker, to my colleagues, I rise in support of  them and the incredible work they have done for disaster relief, and I  also rise today to speak about my district, the Fifth District of  Virginia, which borders North Carolina, which was devastated last year  by two hurricanes, first Florence and then Michael. The damage was  immense, and the impact on families was tragic, including the loss of  lives.   This is not an issue I take lightly. In fact, I pledged to make a  donation to Drakes Branch Volunteer Fire Department in Charlotte  County, which was an area the hurricanes hit particularly hard,  actually, with the collapse of the volunteer fire station back into the  river--and the fact is they had nowhere to actually do fire emergency  work.   Applications for FEMA aid were filed in Charlotte County, Danville  City, Franklin County, Halifax County, Lunenburg County, Mecklenburg  County, and Prince Edward County. And many additional counties in my  district were affected by these hurricanes.   Unfortunately, the effects were not limited to my district, and the  lasting damage done by these storms lingers in these communities today.  Yes, they are rebuilding and recovering, but we cannot ignore the  opportunity to prevent this from happening again.   There are other things we can do not only with disaster relief and  supplementals, but also working on issues like I am in the Financial  Services Committee by addressing issues in the National Flood Insurance  Program.   The NFIP is a necessary Federal backstop for flood insurance, but  substantially increasing private participation will help Americans  better prepare for potential future flood emergencies.   I would also like to take this time to commend the great work done by  so many emergency responders and volunteers who helped the communities  of the Fifth District and throughout the other States and in my  colleagues' districts, helped them dig out and move forward after these  hurricanes.   I have visited with many of these brave men and women who put  themselves at risk to help their communities. I commend the strong  folks who make up all of these communities, linked not only by  hurricanes but by their ability to move on with great resilience.   