 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1837, the United  States-Israel Cooperation Enhancement and Regional Security Act, of  which I am a cosponsor.   The United States-Israel partnership is a two-way street. We work  together to further our shared values and interests. We already  collaborate on a wide range of civil issues, such as energy and  agriculture; and our security cooperation helps keep both of our  countries safe as we counter threats from a wide range of terrorist  groups, as well as from Iran. But still there is much more that we can  do together.   I want to thank Mr. Deutch and Mr. Wilson for this comprehensive,  bipartisan update to the United States-Israel partnership to confront  the challenges both countries face in 2019 and beyond.   H.R. 1837 expands our mutually-beneficial cooperation, identifying  several new or growing areas of cooperation where we can exchange  innovations and help improve the lives and livelihoods of our people as  well as our respective national interests.   Through this bill, the United States and Israel will be better- positioned to  [[Page H7197]]  cooperate on critical fields like research and development, directed  energy, cybersecurity, international development and foreign  assistance, treating post-traumatic stress disorder, and developing  health technologies.   In terms of our security partnership with Israel, the bill authorizes  U.S. foreign military financing to Israel at $3.3 billion per year  through 2024, the same levels agreed to in the 2016 U.S.-Israel  memorandum. It reauthorizes United States loan guarantees and extends  War Reserves Stockpile Authority for Israel.   H.R. 1837 also codifies policies to ensure that the United States can  transfer precision-guided munitions and other defense articles to  Israel quickly in the event of an emergency.   We all know that Israel faces threats on multiple fronts, from Iran,  from Hezbollah, Hamas, and others. These adversaries aren't going to  call ahead in the event of an escalation. We need to be prepared with  the appropriate authorities to ensure that if Israel is facing a  protracted or multifront conflict, that the United States can help.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Smith), my good friend, and I would ask unanimous  consent that he be allowed to control that time.   