 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here once again to urge the Senate to  take up the FUTURE Act, to extend funding for our historically Black  colleges and universities.   I see my great friend, the Senator from Tennessee, across the way,  and I know the Senator, as a music fan and a musician himself,  understands the term ``broken record.'' A broken record is that record  that is an old album and the vinyl has a little bit of a flaw, and it  just gets stuck on the same lyric, the same refrain, and keeps going  back to it. That is what I feel like today.   I also know that with just a little pressure on those old vinyl  records, just a little bit of pressure, you can go right through that  and get to melody. That is what I was hoping to do today, that we could  put just enough pressure on the Senate and others to go right through  and fund HBCUs. The deadline for that funding ends September 30.   People will say it is not going to turn the lights out in our  historically Black colleges and universities, and it is not. I get  that. We also know we have to plan. We have to look months in advance.  We have to look a year in advance to make sure that funding is there.  [[Page S5719]]    This bill--a similar bill has passed the House of Representatives  unanimously. In this partisan world we are living in, it passed the  House unanimously the other day. It has overwhelming bipartisan support  in this body.   This is something our historically Black colleges and universities  need today. They don't need to wait. We don't need to put them in the  lurch and uncertainty because in today's world in Washington, DC, there  is no certainty. We don't know what will happen tomorrow. We don't know  what is going to happen next week with the legislation that will come  before this body. Nothing is predictable. We don't see the kind of  legislation we should be seeing. We don't deliberate and have the kind  of deliberations we have seen this body have in the past.   So to say we can put this together as part of a bigger bill and  hopefully get this done this year is possible, but it is also just as  possible, in today's world, that doesn't get done, that it ends up  somewhere buried beneath a whole bunch of other qualified and just as  meritorious bills that never see the action of the U.S. Senate or the  Congress of the United States.   I would urge--urge that we do the right thing by our historically  Black colleges and universities. Let's get this bill passed unanimously  and sent to the President of the United States for his signature so all  of our historically Black colleges and universities and minority- serving institutions can breathe a sigh of relief.   I ask unanimous consent the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 212, H.R. 2486; that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I have to admit that I haven't had a heck  of a lot of sleep the last few nights, and I don't think anyone has. If  anyone has rested well the last few nights, it is because they are  either not paying attention or they are here for the wrong reason.   We are in some troubled times. Events of the past 2 weeks have been  nothing short of stunning. They have been stunning in the speed in  which they have unfolded. They have been stunning and disturbing in the  allegations that have been made regarding the conduct of the President  of the United States. These are allegations that go to the heart of  national security and allegations that go to the heart of whether or  not the President is upholding his oath to the Constitution of the  United States or abusing the power of the Presidency.   We have to remember in this body, and we have to remind our  colleagues, we have to remind the media, and we have to remind the  public that we are just now beginning this process. The facts have not  come out. We are just now beginning to see facts and determining what  happened over the course of this past summer--where things were, what  happened, what was said, and who said it. We have to determine the  allegations and whether or not they have merit based on the facts that  come out, not just reports in the media or even the allegations in a  complaint. I am a lawyer. Allegations in a complaint are just simply  allegations made, but they have to be proven.   The reason I rise today is that already we are seeing this becoming  political. People are going to their political corners. The partisan  tribalism is taking over already, and that is unfortunate. It is a sad  commentary when a process that is so rooted in the Constitution of the  United States--something so fundamental to our democracy--is almost  immediately cast in political terms. My colleague and friend, Senator  Sasse from Nebraska, used the term ``partisan tribalism'' in today's  world that is ``insta-certain.'' No matter what you see, no matter what  you read, it doesn't matter because you are going to take a side, and  when we take sides, the American public immediately take sides and no  one listens to the facts.   We are called as Senators, we are called as Members of the House, and  we are called as Members of this body to a much higher duty than that-- a much higher duty. Our duty is to carefully analyze and review the  facts--facts, not mere allegations; facts, not reports or leaks; facts,  not what some political talking head on the television says their  opinion might be. Our duty is so much higher than that.   We have seen already some of what appear to be very disturbing facts.  We have seen a summary of a telephone call between the President of the  United States and the President of Ukraine. Ukraine is a country  dependent on countries like the United States. The balance of power  between the United States and Ukraine is not balanced at all. We have  so much more power, and in the summary of that call, the President of  the United States noted that to the President of Ukraine. He said,  essentially: You are dependent on us. No one else helps you, but you  can count on the United States of America. And, by the way, I need a  favor. I need you to do me a personal political favor.   In that conversation, he talked about not only having his personal  lawyer but also utilizing the Attorney General of the United States to  help benefit them politically. Those are initially the facts, and they  are very disturbing. For anyone to say that they are not is shirking  their responsibility to their constituents, to the public, to the  Constitution, and to the very oath that we took when we came into this  body.   But again, it is but one piece of a puzzle. We have now also seen the  contents of the so-called whistleblower complaint. ``Whistleblower'' is  a term of art. A whistleblower is just simply somebody who has come  forward, but they are given the name whistleblower because they are  given legal protections. These people who come forward are concerned  citizens of the United States. It is a concerned citizen of the United  States who saw something happening that disturbed him so much that he  felt compelled to bring it to someone's attention. They are documented  fairly well, but again, these facts have not come out. They are just  statements in an allegation in a complaint that have to be determined.    I have been asked over and over by the media in the last 2 days: Do  you support the House doing this? Do you support impeachment? Do you  support this or that?   My comment is always the same: I want to know the facts. It doesn't  matter to me what the House of Representatives, in their prerogative,  calls their processes. I want to know the facts. The American people  deserve to know the facts. This body deserves to know the facts,  whether or not anything comes over from the House of Representatives.  We deserve to know whether or not the President is abusing his office.  We deserve to know whether or not he is placing our national security  at risk because, remember, Ukraine is under threat from Russia every  day. Every day they are looking over their shoulder. Every day they are  looking over their shoulder. That puts us at risk, as well. We have to  make sure that we are deliberate, that we move forward with a process  that is deliberate. We owe it to the American people to be deliberate,  to be somber, to be making sure that we know the facts before we make  our judgments.   It doesn't matter what side of the aisle you are on. This is not a  Republican process. This is not a Democratic process. And for God's  sake, it is not a socialist agenda. That is about the dumbest thing  that I have heard people say over the last two days. Good Lord, we are  talking about a process that is rooted in the Constitution of the  United States. It is rooted in the Constitution of the United States  for a purpose--part of the checks and balances that seem to be going  out the window these days in our society and in our government and here  in Washington, DC. This is an American agenda to make sure that we know  the facts and that we understand those facts so people who are around  here watching this today know and can be secure in the fact that their  Congress is doing their job, that the President is doing his job, that  the courts are doing their job.   This is not the time to circle the wagons around the President, but,  likewise, it is not the time to make a judgment already that this  President should be removed from office or even for articles of  impeachment voted on by the House. This is not the time to do that. We  are beginning a process  [[Page S5735]]  that we have to take our time on. I say that knowing that when we say  ``take our time,'' we just need to be deliberate, but we need to move.  This is not something that needs to drag on. This is not something  through which the American public needs to be dragged over the course  of too long a period of time. This can be determined.   If you look at that whistleblower complaint that was filed, this is  something that should easily be able to be done in a relatively short  period of time if the administration will cooperate and if we get that  instead of the stonewalling that we have seen in the past.   Cooperate with us. Do your job. Do your duty and let us do ours. That  is all that we ask. That is all that anybody should ever ask of anyone  in this body or anyone in the House of Representatives. Let us do our  job.   We are about to leave this place for a couple of weeks. The House is  leaving, though they may still do a little work. We are going to be  leaving for 2 weeks. We are going back home to our States. We are going  to be talking to the media. We are going to be talking to constituents.  I guarantee you that when I go back to Alabama, a lot of people will  have already made up their minds. When I go to a townhall or whatever,  they will have made up their minds without any facts. They make up  their mind based on the media.   My friends in the media need to pay attention too. Don't ask me  whether or not this is going to affect my election in 2020. Don't ask  me if it is going to affect Joe Biden or Donald Trump, or ask me if it  is going to affect the Presidential race. Ask me about what is going to  happen to the Constitution and what is going to happen to the rule of  law. Let's talk about the seriousness of what we have and not the  politics of it, for goodness' sake.   But every time I turn around, when I walk out of these doors, the  first thing they are going to ask me is this: How do you think this is  going to affect your race?   That is not my job. That is not my oath. That is not my duty. If we  put our fingers to the political winds with everything we do in this  body, we may as well not be here. We should not be able to live with  ourselves. Unfortunately, I think so many people do that. I am hoping  that in this day, in this time, in these troubled waters we are about  to embark on, people will see that higher calling and that they will  once again return to that time and that place when this Senate was a  deliberative body and not a knee-jerk reaction to a particular program  or nomination or whatever that comes before it. We will return to the  days of yesteryear where we actually deliberate and we talk amongst  ourselves and we have a civil discussion about the important issues  that we are faced with. I remember those days. I was here. I was  sitting back there as a Senate staffer, watching those great debates  and watching people change their minds on the floor of the Senate  because of the debate that someone gave and someone persuaded him. We  don't have those any more. Look around right now. We are all gone,  except those people around here listening to me, and I have staff here.  But we don't have those debates any more. We don't have those  deliberations any more. We are going to have to now. We are going to  have to because the Republic depends on it. The fate of this country  will depend on it. We are so divided in this country right now. We are  living in what Arthur Brooks has called that ``culture of contempt,''  where we don't necessarily just disagree with each other. We hold each  other in contempt if we disagree with each other.   We have to change that, folks. We have to get back. We have to change  that. We have to make sure people understand their roles and their  duties. We have to make sure that for this country to progress and for  this country to survive, we have to work together.   We have to be one America. We can't be so divided. That is exactly  what our enemies have been trying to do to us for centuries. For two  centuries or more, they have wanted to divide us, and they came close  during the Civil War. They are going to come close now if we are not  careful. If we don't stop folks on both sides of the aisle from  continuing to pull us into our corners but rather start pulling people  back to where we can have these discussions, we will be in trouble.   As we go forward and as we go into this recess, I hope all of my  colleagues will remember their oaths. I hope people will remember what  they said when they stood right over there and the Vice President of  the United States asked them to raise their right hands and say: ``I do  solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the  United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.''   We took an oath to support the Constitution. We didn't take an oath  to support the President of the United States. We didn't take an oath  to support the Republican Party. We didn't take an oath to support the  Democratic Party. We took an oath to defend the Constitution of the  United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. That is an  important part that our Framers put in the Constitution, ``foreign and  domestic.''   We said we would take this obligation freely without any mental  reservation or purpose of evasion. We cannot evade. We took an oath not  to evade while we were here--that is not what we do--and to well and  faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which we entered.   Our duties to this office are to be fair, to be impartial, and to be  deliberative, not political. Our duties to this office are to our  constituents and to do the very best we can to make sure we analyze  whatever is in front of us because history will judge us. It will  determine whether or not we acted with courage and conviction or  whether we just simply tested the political winds as some people are  already doing.   Often in my talks around the country and in some even here, I like to  quote one of my favorite characters from literature, Atticus Finch.  Atticus Finch gave an impassioned closing argument to a jury he knew  was not likely to give him the verdict he sought. He laid out a case in  defense of Tom Robinson, a Black man who was accused of raping a White  woman. In that defense, he went through the facts. Everybody who has  ever read the book and everybody who has ever watched the movie knows  Tom Robinson was innocent, but Atticus Finch knew that the likelihood  of the jury's finding that man innocent was slim and none.   At the end of that closing argument, he talked about the solemn duty,  the solemn obligation, that the jurors had to the system. He talked  about the justice system and the courts and the jurors being the great  levelers of society, where the pauper and the rich man were the same in  the eyes of the law. He talked about the duty they had to fairly and  impartially judge the facts.   Just before he sat down--and you could see it and feel it, and if you  were to read the book, you could feel that Atticus knew what was going  to happen--he looked that jury in the eye and said: ``[Gentlemen], in  the name of God, do your duty.''   Ladies and gentlemen and colleagues, in the name of God, we have to  do our duty. We have to do our duty. We have to make sure we fulfill  our oaths and not be concerned about how many votes it might get us or  how many votes we might lose. Whether we know the outcome or not,  whether we get pressure from Assad or not, whether or not there are  millions of dollars spent on TV and in radio so as to tell us to vote a  certain way, we have to fulfill that solemn obligation. In the name of  God, we should do our duty and nothing less.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   