 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding me time.   I rise today to support and ask my House colleagues to pass H.R. 539,  the Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act.   I would like to issue a special thanks to my friend  Dan Lipinski,  who introduced this legislation, and he continues to serve as a  champion for the time-proven I-Corps program.   The Innovation Core program was created by the National Science  Foundation in 2011 to teach scientists and engineers how to turn their  laboratory innovations into successful commercial products and  services. I know engineers are lacking in that area. I am one. I think  I invented, before I was 21 years old, about three or four, maybe five,  things which were really awesome; but nobody bought them except me, and  it wasn't good.   So this program assists scientists and engineers in the development  of their academic research and equips them to bring research into a  private market where jobs can be created and money can be won through  that. We witnessed the wonderful success of this program in my home  State of Florida, the University of Central Florida.   H.R. 539 expands the I-Corps program to create a new course in  commercial-ready companies. Individuals who have completed an existing  I-Corps course would be eligible for this new course which will help  them create, market, and, eventually, expand their private-sector  company.   This bill breaks down the barriers experienced by current scientists  when attempting to bring their product to market. Through marketing,  hiring, organizing, and attracting investors, these participants can  have a better shot at not only success, but also increasing,  dramatically, their business.   Additionally, H.R. 539 expands the number of groups eligible to apply  to the I-Corps program and offers new options on how to initially pay  for the course.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to thank Mr.  Lipinski and the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee for  their work on this bill, and I encourage all my House colleagues to  join together to pass this commonsense piece of legislation.   