 Mr. President, I would say that my friend and colleague,  the gentleman from Texas, has accurately stated the situation, but let  me add a few sentences about the bill that we are trying to couple with  his effort. I totally support what he and Senator Blumenthal are trying  to do. The end goal we all have in mind is to bring under control or at  least restrain the increases in prescription drug prices.   The Senators from Texas and Connecticut have their approach. What  Senator Grassley--a Republican from Iowa--and I have suggested with  this approach is direct-to-consumer advertising. The pharmaceutical  industry spends about $6 billion a year on ads on television. If you  have not seen a drug ad on television, you clearly do not own a TV.   We want to make sure that each one of these ads contain, amid all the  other information they give you, one other critical piece of  information: the cost of the drug.   We think that will be at least an indication to the pharmaceutical  industry that we are watching how much they are charging us. I think  some people will be shocked when they see the actual cost of Humira and  some other drugs. But that is it, a complementary approach. I hope we  can do both. I think the American people want to see prescription drugs  become more affordable.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk called the roll.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator  from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren), and the Senator from Oregon (Mr.  Wyden) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), the Senator from California  (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms.  Warren), and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. Wyden) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), the Senator from California  (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders),  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren), and the Senator from  Oregon (Mr. Wyden) are necessarily absent.   