 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5.   To begin, I would like to echo the comments of my colleagues and  express my deep concern for the grave consequences this bill would have  for religious freedom. This bill would deny religious organizations  their religious liberty rights guaranteed under the Religious Freedom  Restoration Act of 1993 and force many religious institutions to go  against their beliefs or risk being in violation of the law. As a  nation we cannot turn our back on our religious liberties.   Now, while the religious freedom aspects of this legislation are by  far the most egregious, there is also another area of serious concern-- the effects of the legislation on female athletes at all levels of  sporting competition across our country.   Twice during the consideration of this bill, I have offered an  amendment to ensure that our daughters are provided an equal playing  field in sports for generations to come and that female athletes are  not competing against male athletes for athletic scholarships and title  IX funding. And twice partisan politics have stopped this commonsense  proposal from being added to this bill.   This provision would have simply guaranteed that biological women are  not forced to compete against biological men at all levels of athletic  competition. Science has proven time and time again that there is a  significant performance difference between biological males and females  from puberty onward.   From percentage of lean muscle, to heart size, to body fat, to joint  angles, the bodies of men and women are distinctly unique and produce a  vast difference in performance ability when it comes to certain  activities. In fact, there is an average 10- to 12-percent performance  gap between elite biological male and female athletes.   These differences are largely due to the large influx of testosterone  males receive during puberty. Science is very clear here--there is no  doubt that testosterone is the reason that biological men, as a group,  perform better than women in sports. That is why both men and women  dope with androgens that are high in testosterone.   On average, in elite biological male athletes, there is 30 times more  testosterone present, leading to physical characteristics that almost  guarantee a higher rate of success in sporting events. But don't take  my word for it.   Here are examples: CeCe Telfer, a biological male, won three titles  in the Northeast-10 Championships for women's track and received the  Most Outstanding Track Athlete award.   Fallon Fox, a biological male, shattered female fighter Tamikka  Brents' eye socket and gave her a concussion. Brents said she never  felt so overpowered in her life.   Gabrielle Ludwig, a 50-year-old, 6-foot-8-inch, 230-pound biological  male led the Mission College women's basketball team to a national  championship with the most rebounds.   The list goes on and on. I, for one, don't think it is fair or equal  to make young, biological women compete against biological males. This  bill claims to fight for equality, but it seems to be far from equal  for the young, female athletes across our country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its present form.    Mr. Speaker, I want to make it abundantly clear exactly  what this motion to recommit does, so I am going to read it. It is very  short.   ``Nothing in this act or any amendment made by this act may be  construed to diminish any protections under title IX of the Education  Amendments of 1972.''   The threat that this bill poses for women's sports at every level is  profound. As described by the Nation's leading expert on sports, sex,  and biology, Professor Doriane Lambelet Coleman, she states: ``There is  a significant performance difference between males and females. . . .  Testosterone is the primary driver of that difference. There is a wide  gap, no overlap, between the male and female testosterone ranges. . . .  There is no scientific doubt that testosterone is the reason that men  as a group perform better than women in sports. Indeed, this is why men  and women dope with androgens. . . .''   Requiring that biological females face competition from biological  males will mean the end of women's sports in any meaningful sense.   As tennis great Martina Navratilova has written in The Washington  Post: ``In its current form, the Equality Act would do significant  damage to title IX  [[Page H3951]]  and to the Amateur Sports Act, which governs sports outside of  educational settings. The new legislation would amend the 1964 Civil  Rights Act by redefining `sex' to include `gender identity.' Without an  exception, the definition would apply to all amendments to the 1964  act, including title IX. Most schools, colleges, the NCAA, and the  Olympic Committee would be affected because they receive Federal funds  and operate in interstate commerce.   ``The legislation would make it unlawful to differentiate among girls  and women in sports on the basis of sex for any purpose. For example, a  sports team couldn't treat a transgender woman differently from a woman  who is not transgender on the grounds that the former is male-bodied.  Yet the reality is that putting male- and female-bodied athletes  together is co-ed or open sport. And in open sport, females lose.   ``Some Equality Act advocates argue that this is hyperbole and  outdated stereotype. They say, as the ACLU has, that there is `ample  evidence that girls can compete and win against boys.' They are wrong.  The evidence is unequivocal that starting in puberty, in every sport  except sailing, shooting, and riding, there will always be significant  numbers of boys and men who would beat the best girls and women in  head-to-head competition. Claims to the contrary are simply a denial of  science.''   Those are not my words. Those are the words of female tennis great  Martina Navratilova.   In footnote 44 of the committee report on this bill, the Democrat  majority states: ``The committee acknowledges that the addition of sex  as a protected characteristic under title VI of the bill raises some  questions about how the revised title VI should be read in relation to  title IX of the Education Amendments Act. It is the committee's  intention not to alter in any way title IX or the scope or availability  of its exemptions as they currently stand. Rather, title IX and the  revised title VI should be read as being complimentary provisions that  provide overlapping protection against sex discrimination.''   But, of course, we all know that allowing biological males to compete  against biological females is not an ``overlapping protection.'' It is,  instead, a violation of women's rights to engage in competitive sports  on an even playing field and to enjoy the protection of their own  spaces reserved for biological females.   So this motion to recommit is essential to protecting the rights of  women and girls in sports that H.R. 5 currently denies.   Even the Obama administration wrote a letter to schools regarding  title IX enforcements making clear that they should continue to be able  to enforce policies that are ``tailored requirements based on sound,  current, and research-based medical knowledge about the impact of the  individual's participation on the competitive fairness or physical  safety of the sport.''   Adoption of this motion to recommit will not kill the bill. It will  not delay the bill's consideration. If this motion to recommit is  adopted, the bill proceeds directly to final passage.   If H.R. 5 becomes law, our daughters will be asking us: ``What did  you do when moves were made to eliminate women's sports?'' It is worth  considering that question now before it is too late.   I urge all my colleagues to join me in protecting title IX and  protecting women's sports and supporting this motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   