 Madam Speaker, I first commend my colleague from  central Florida (Mr. Soto), for his leadership and his perseverance.   I want to also thank my colleagues from south Florida, many of whom  are here today in support of this important piece of legislation.   Look, I know that there are concerns about an immigration system that  is absolutely broken in this country, and it is. I know that there are  concerns about even the TPS system. I get that. But we have to take a  step back.   What we are dealing with here is a very specific, unique situation,  which is why Congress today will have this opportunity to vote on it.   You know the situation. You have heard the situation about the  humanitarian crisis in Venezuela. Over 3 million people have fled  Venezuela because what was the wealthiest country in South America,  because of the radical socialist policies of the two last  dictatorships, now has become among the poorest, where people don't  have access to any basic issues of--whether it is healthcare or even  food, medicine.    You know all that, but, you see, there is something else: The extreme  repression that is taking place in Venezuela, that is the real reason  people are fleeing. That is the reason that Venezuelans are dying. That  is the reason that the heroes in Venezuela have hit the streets. That  is the reason why this young leader, President Guaido, has come to the  forefront leading these heroic people.   And this administration has recognized that fact. This  administration--and I am so grateful--has applied tough sanctions  against the dictatorship, has shown great solidarity with the people of  Venezuela.   So I ask you, let's not confuse this with all of the issues of  immigration and the broken immigration system. Really, with what is  going on in Venezuela, should we be sending Venezuelans back to that  dictatorship, or could Congress act in a very specific circumstance to  give them the ability to stay here, at least while this dictatorship,  this horrific situation is taking place in Venezuela?   That is what we are dealing with. Not the horrors of complications or  the messed up parts of the immigration system which has got issues,  obviously. It is this very specific issue.   Again, thanking, particularly, my colleague, Mr. Soto, I would just  urge my colleagues in the House to take a step back. These are specific  circumstances dealing with this dictatorship in Venezuela. The  administration has shown solidarity, Congress now has the opportunity  to do the same.   Madam Speaker, I ask for a ``yes'' vote.   