 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Granger) for yielding and for her leadership.   I, too, am concerned about the direction we are heading in this  continuing resolution, but I have another reason, Mr. Speaker. This CR  includes a provision that has a significant budgetary impact. I am  frustrated that the amendment I filed with the Rules Committee last  night was not made in order to address it.   My amendment would have offset $76 billion in mandatory spending  increases from repealing a rescission of funds in the 2015 Fixing  America's Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act, a transportation  bill.   This provision, Mr. Speaker, would have a significant impact on  mandatory spending, which everybody in this Chamber knows is driving  the Nation's deficits and debt.   Let me be clear: The amendment would have allowed for the highway  funding to take place but simply called for it to be paid for.   Now, I don't think that is asking too much, to ask for increases in  spending, given the fact that we will have a trillion-dollar deficit  this year on top of the $23 trillion debt, to just simply pay for the  excesses.   The House should have had an opportunity to consider whether to  offset the funding in a fiscally responsible manner, in my opinion. I  find it troubling that we were not given that opportunity. That is one  thing.    The manner in which the CR was assembled doesn't provide a great deal  of hope that we will enact a full-year defense spending bill, which the  military so desperately needs right now. I share the concerns of the  distinguished majority leader.   Mr. Speaker, I am not optimistic that we will conclude all of these  other funding bills before the expiration of the next CR. The  difference is going to be that it is going to be the 20th of December.  It is going to be right before Christmas, and we will do whatever we  can to get out of town to go celebrate the holidays.   The majority leader says if that happens, he will be mad. My  recommendation to him is to prepare to be mad. I know how this place  works.   Mr. Speaker, is it not apparent to the discerning people of America  and specifically to the people in this Chamber that this is a flawed  and broken process and that we need to fix it?    Mr. Speaker, we need to fix it.   I spent last year with the distinguished chair of the Appropriations  Committee, Mrs. Lowey, as co-chairs of the Joint Select Committee on  Budget and Appropriations Process Reform. We got really close on some  good ideas that would fundamentally change the way we do our Article I  responsibility, but we left all that at the altar.   What more evidence do we need to show that this process is flawed,  that it is broken and needs to be fixed?   I am frustrated. The American people are frustrated.   Nobody paying attention to this process conducts their business or  their personal finances the way this body does, the legislative body of  the most incredible country ever known to humankind.   Yet the question today is: Will we just kick the can down the road to  right before Christmas in hopes that this Congress is going to have  some epiphany that we have to do the work that we have been trying to  do for the last 7 weeks? We are 7 weeks into the fiscal year.   Mr. Speaker, I had breakfast this morning with the Secretary of the  Army, and here is what he said: Eventually, we will give you the money,  our men and women in uniform. The problem is that we can't give you the  time back.   That time is running through the clock, so I am frustrated.   I am prepared to vote ``no,'' and I am prepared to continue to work  as long as it takes to make sure that we do our work on time and not  kick the can down the road.   