 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I always find that the end of the July  work period in Washington, DC, is a good time to take stock of the year  so far.   I am looking forward to getting out of DC in the next few days and  heading home to South Dakota. I am lucky enough to get to meet with  South Dakotans on most weekends, but congressional recesses provide me  with unbroken blocks of time to spend in the State and hear about South  Dakotans' needs and priorities.    It has been a busy year here in Washington, DC, so far. In the last 7  months, the Senate has worked to confirm nearly 50 well-qualified  judges, has provided funding to address the humanitarian and security  crisis at our southern border, has given our military the resources it  needs to defend the country, and much more.   I am proud that in May, by an overwhelming bipartisan margin, the  Senate passed my bill to address illegal and abusive robocalls. My  legislation would increase the financial penalties for making illegal  robocalls, and it would give law enforcement more tools to go after  these scammers who prey on vulnerable populations. The TRACED Act,  which is my bill to address illegal robocalls, is one of more than 80  pieces of legislation I have introduced or cosponsored this year. My  [[Page S5157]]  robocall bill grew out of the work that I did on the Committee on  Commerce, Science, and Transportation, which I have served on now for  11 years, including having served four of those years as chairman.   My serving on the Commerce Committee has given me an up-close look at  the issue of consumer privacy. Last year, as chairman of that  committee, I convened hearings into consumer data privacy and the  accessing of millions of Facebook users' personal data by the political  intelligence firm Cambridge Analytica. I also led a hearing to discuss  the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and  California's new privacy-related law.   This year, as chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on  Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, I have  continued to focus on consumer privacy. I recently convened a hearing  to look at the use of persuasive technology on internet platforms like  Facebook and YouTube and on how these technologies can be and have been  abused. I believe that developing bipartisan consumer privacy  legislation needs to be a priority, and it is an issue I will continue  to focus on here in Congress.   Another thing on which I have focused on the Commerce Committee is  paving the way for 5G technology, which is the next phase of the  wireless revolution, and of ensuring that Americans in rural  communities have access to the same broadband technology that residents  of more urban areas enjoy.   Last year, the President signed my bipartisan MOBILE NOW Act into  law, which I introduced to help secure an adequate spectrum for 5G  technology. In June, I reintroduced my STREAMLINE Small Cell Deployment  Act in order to address the other part of the 5G equation, and that is  infrastructure. Among other things, the STREAMLINE Small Cell  Deployment Act will make it more affordable to bring 5G to rural areas  by addressing the cost of small cell deployment.   I am privileged to represent South Dakota's farmers and ranchers here  in the U.S. Senate, and year after year, one of my major priorities has  been to make sure that the needs of our Nation's farmers and ranchers  have been addressed. One of my priorities right now is to push for the  passage of the United States-Mexico-Canada Free Trade Agreement here in  Congress. Farmers and ranchers have been through a few tough years, and  one of the things they tell me they need the most is market access for  their products around the globe. The United States-Mexico-Canada  Agreement will preserve farmers' access to two of our Nation's most  significant agricultural export markets--Canada and Mexico--and will  substantially expand market access for U.S. dairy products in Canada.  It will expand market access for U.S. poultry and egg producers, and it  will make it easier for U.S. producers to export wheat to Canada.   Senate Republicans are ready to pass this agreement as soon as the  President formally submits it to Congress. We are just waiting for the  Democrats in the House, who--despite the significant steps that have  been taken to address their priorities--have still not indicated they  are ready to take up the agreement. I will continue to urge them to  take up this agreement so that our Nation's farmers and ranchers can  experience the benefits. I will also continue to push for swift  conclusions to the other trade agreements the administration is  negotiating.   Being a Member of Congress doesn't just allow you to push for  legislation. It also gives you an important platform on which to  advocate on your constituents' behalf with the President and his  administration. This year I was able to help persuade the Department of  Agriculture to move the hay and grazing date to September 1 of this  year for cover crops on prevent plant acres. This will allow farmers  and ranchers in Northern States like South Dakota to sow cover crops  without worrying that they will not be able to harvest or graze them  before the winter weather sets in.   Both here in Congress and with multiple Presidential administrations,  I have been advocating for higher blends of ethanol for more than a  decade, and I was very pleased this year to know the Trump  administration moved to lift the ban on the year-round sale of E15,  which is a 15-percent ethanol blended fuel. This is a big win for  American consumers, for our growing energy independence, and especially  for U.S. corn producers, including those back home in South Dakota.  Corn producers are thankful that the President delivered on his  commitment to the year-round sales of E15.   Yet it is still a tough environment for agriculture. That is why we  need to update the EPA's emissions modeling to reflect ethanol's 40- percent reduction in life cycle greenhouse gasses, which will boost its  export potential. Most pressing, the administration needs to curb the  issuance of small refinery waivers, which are, in part, forcing ethanol  plants to slow down, idle, or shutter across America's heartland. This  is critical to our seeing through the President's commitment to  farmers.   Throughout my time in the Senate, I have been proud to advocate for  Ellsworth Air Force Base, which is near Rapid City, SD. I have spent  years working with the other members of the South Dakota delegation in  Ellsworth and with community leaders to build up Ellsworth. Among other  things, our efforts have resulted in the expansion of the Powder River  Training Complex into the largest training airspace in the continental  United States. Undoubtedly, it is partly thanks to this airspace that,  this May, Ellsworth was chosen as the first home for the future B-21  bomber, and it will host both training and operational squadrons. I am  very proud of Ellsworth for receiving these exciting new missions, and  I look forward to there being more great developments for Ellsworth in  the future.    I have worked on a lot of other bills this year to make life better  for South Dakotans and for the American people. I have introduced tax  reform bills to help small businesses, to update the Tax Code for the  21st century economy, to encourage charitable giving, and to  permanently protect family farms from the death tax. I have introduced  legislation to strengthen the agricultural economy, to support the  Second Amendment, to help States like South Dakota--those that have low  unemployment rates--to address workforce shortages, and much more.  There is a lot more to come.   This fall, I look forward to working with my colleagues to continue  building on the economic progress that we have made, to tackle our  Nation's infrastructure needs, and, among other things, to lower  healthcare costs.   I am proud to represent the people of South Dakota here in the U.S.  Senate, and I will continue to do everything I can to address South  Dakota's priorities and to expand opportunities for South Dakotans and  all Americans.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    Madam President, I request the yeas and nays.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Louisiana (Mr. Cassidy) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea''.   