 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend from New York  (Mr. Engel), the distinguished chairman of our committee, for his  support. I thank my dear friend from Illinois (Mr. Kinzinger), the  Republican manager today, for his support. And I salute my friend from  Ohio (Mr. Chabot) who has steadfastly cosponsored this resolution in  previous Congresses to make a powerful bipartisan statement.   I rise today, Madam Speaker, in support of H.R. 596, the Crimea  Annexation Non-recognition Act, which we introduced together, as I  said, with Mr. Chabot of Ohio.   This bill states unequivocally that it is the policy of the United  States not to recognize the Russian Federation's claim of sovereignty  over Crimea, its airspace, or its territorial waters. Furthermore, the  bill prohibits the United States Government from taking any action that  could possibly apply recognition of Russian sovereignty over Crimea.   Putin's forcible and illegal annexation of Crimea, the first forcible  seizure of territory in Europe since World War II, undermines Ukrainian  sovereignty and threatens the stability of Europe. Acquiescence on the  part of the United States would threaten the security of all sovereign  nations. Who is next? Moldova, Georgia, the Baltic States?   It is the longstanding policy of our country not to recognize  territorial changes elected by force, as dictated by the Stimson  Doctrine established in 1932 by then-Secretary of State Henry Stimson,  a Republican under a Republican President, Herbert Hoover.   We upheld that doctrine with the issuance of the Welles Declaration  in 1940, which stated emphatically that the United States would not  recognize the illegal annexation at that time of the Baltic States by  the Soviet Union.   That policy remained in effect for 50 long years. Some thought it  quixotic. For more than those 50 years, we stood by those Baltic  republics of Estonia, Lithuania, and Latvia, sometimes in the face of  ridicule. Today, they are independent nations and members of the NATO  alliance.   The collective wisdom of the previous and current administrations,  Congress, our European allies, and the American public is that similar  principles must be adopted with respect to Crimea.   Crimea was Putin's original violation in Ukraine, and we have limited  credibility objecting to Russia's subsequent invasion of the Luhansk  and Donetsk areas of that country. If we do not take a stand with  respect to Crimea, then we are just quibbling over the price.   What has happened in Ukraine--Russia's forcible and illegal  annexation of Crimea, invasion of the eastern part of the country, and  continued occupation--has precipitated an international crisis, and the  resulting conflict has claimed more than 10,000 lives.   Russia has subjected Crimeans who refuse Russian citizenship to  discrimination in accessing education, healthcare, and employment, and  Russian authorities have attacked travel rights and the free press. The  matter of rejecting the forcible and illegal attack on sovereign  territory is so important that we should be satisfied with nothing less  than absolute clarity about our position, which is that we support  Ukraine's sovereignty over Crimea.   The Obama administration established a nonrecognition policy toward  Russian sovereignty over Crimea and levied sanctions against  individuals and entities enabling Russia's illegal occupation. Our  allies in Europe have stood with us, shoulder to shoulder, in  emphasizing and enforcing those sanctions.   Congress codified the Obama Crimea sanctions and has repeatedly used  the power of the purse to prohibit the use of government funds for any  action that could possibly recognize de jure or de facto illegal  annexation of Crimea.   The fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act included  similar language to that contained in our bill today, in order to  prohibit the use of defense funds in a manner that could be construed  as recognition of Russian sovereignty over Crimea. That language has  remained in the NDAA ever since.   In the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act,  Congress reiterated its support for the Stimson Doctrine and its  application to the illegal invasions by Russia and occupations of  Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia, Crimea and Eastern Ukraine, and  the Transnistria region in Moldova.    The United States must lead the way in refusing to recognize or  legitimize Russia's illegal acts and its forcible annexation of Crimea.  That is why I am so proud to offer this bill, along with Mr. Chabot,  that expresses the will of Congress as loud and as clear as we can, and  I urge my colleagues unanimously to support it.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   