 Mr. President.    Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the so-called  Green New Deal. This unaffordable, unattainable, and unrealistic  proposal is bad for all Americans, but it is especially bad for the  people who live in my home State of Indiana.  [[Page S1685]]    Indiana is the most manufacturing-intensive State in the country, and  my Hoosiers are rightfully proud of that distinction. We make America's  planes, our trucks, our recreational vehicles, our boats, and our  pipelines. We produce the aluminum and steel that go into those  products. We mine the coal that makes it affordable to power all of  those factories.   Indiana is home to those respectable, high-paying jobs because of the  highly skilled Hoosier workforce, our world-class infrastructure  network, and, yes, our low energy costs. But the Green New Deal would  crush Indiana's affordable energy prices, forcing the cost of doing  business to skyrocket for Hoosier manufacturers and farmers alike and  eliminating jobs in the process.   What would this Green New Deal mean for American families?   Over the next decade, the so-called deal would cost up to $65,000 per  American household per year. That is roughly 50 percent--47 percent  more than the median Hoosier household income.   Yes, America must continue to support an ``all of the above'' energy  strategy, and I look forward to working in a bipartisan way to get that  done. We must continue to develop renewable energy sources like wind  and solar, but we must also continue to utilize our important baseload  energy sources--that is your coal, your natural gas, your nuclear  power. We simply cannot afford to eliminate these critical sources from  our Nation's energy mix, and that is what the Green New Deal would call  for.   In Indiana, approximately 92 percent of our electricity is generated  by coal and natural gas--92 percent. Wind and solar account for just 6  percent of Indiana's electricity, and they cannot reliably and  affordably produce the electricity Indiana needs.   So instead of turning a blind eye to coal and natural gas--energy  sources that power America--let's continue to incentivize research and  development. Instead of promoting job-killing legislation like the  Green New Deal, we should be promoting proposals like the USE IT Act.  This is bipartisan legislation put forward by my colleague from Wyoming  that would promote carbon capture research and development.   We agree on the need to incentivize market-based carbon capture  systems.    I would like to continue until I complete my remarks. I  thank my colleague.   We really need to incentivize market-based carbon capture systems and  ensure America can continue to cleanly and affordably produce baseload  energy. By my reckoning, this is just one of many areas in which  Republicans and Democrats can find common ground and work together to  protect God's green Earth.   Indiana is an environmentally conscientious State. We continue to  expand solar and wind production each year. We love to protect our  important natural resources, such as the Indiana Dunes and Hoosier  National Forest, but we cannot support a proposal like the Green New  Deal that would endanger tens of thousands of Hoosier jobs. The Green  New Deal is widely out of touch with Indiana's priorities. Hoosiers  know a bad deal when they see one. This is a bad deal.   My fellow Hoosiers are greatly concerned that this radical proposal  will cause utility bills to skyrocket and force Indiana factories to  shutter. For these reasons, I am a resounding no on the Green New Deal.  I stand with Hoosier farmers, I stand with Hoosier manufacturers, and I  stand with Hoosier families in opposing this $93 trillion deal.   Thank you, Mr. President.    I will.    Well, that is an easy one. I thank my good colleague. I  have publicly said for a long period of time--and you can check my  record--that I believe the climate is changing. I believe that all  flora, fauna, and human beings have some impact on that. I also  fervently believe that we can protect our environment without wrecking  our economy. We can do that through energy efficiency initiatives,  investment in energy R&D, carbon capture and sequestration, and  adoption of free market principles.   I read a very impactful book, in response to my good colleague, early  on in my adulthood, and I recommend it to him. It is titled ``Ecocide  in the USSR,'' and it explains how centrally planned economies and  fatal, conceit-like efforts to engineer a better environment centrally,  to plan an economy centrally, end up decimating our natural  environment. That continues to have an impact on how I look at these  issues. Perhaps we will find an opportunity to work together, though,  and find some common ground. It won't be on the Green New Deal.   I yield back.   