 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today in favor of H.R. 5038, the Farm Workforce Modernization  Act, and I thank Chairwoman Lofgren, her staff, the committee staff,  and the personal staff of all the Members who have been working on this  bill for, I don't know, 8 or 9 months.   We all want the same thing, and we are here today addressing  agriculture's number one issue, and that is their labor force.   We will hear a lot during this debate, and we already have, about how  this is amnesty and indentured servitude. It is neither of those  things. In fact, those are contradictory terms, so the argument at best  is insincere.   Let me say what this bill does. It legalizes the current workforce so  long as workers get right with the law, have a clean criminal record,  and can demonstrate the same work experiences our former colleague Bob  Goodlatte said they must have to qualify. If they want to access  further legal status, they work 4 to 8 more years in agriculture and  then pay a fine and get in line while they continue to work in  agriculture. That doesn't sound like amnesty to me.   For my farmers back home who desperately need this, the bill  streamlines the H-2A program to make it more affordable. It doesn't do  everything we want, but it makes it better than what we have today, in  fact, much better than what we have today.   It brings wages under control by freezing them for 1 year and then  capping future growth. There will be a single online portal for farmers  to access workers. It will also set up a year-round program for our  dairymen, which they don't currently have.   Some people have said this is a great bill for dairymen, but not the  rest of agriculture. That is not true. This streamlines the H-2A  program for all of agriculture, so it is a good bill for all of  agriculture.   Finally, and again to my friends on my side of the aisle, almost all  of us support E-Verify, and here it is. We have E-Verify in this bill.   Agriculture is the backbone of Idaho's economy. Without this bill,  how can we pretend to say that we care about rural America?   This bill has the support of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Americans  for Prosperity, Cato Institute, and over 300 agricultural groups, which  have already been entered into the Record.   This is the voice of rural America saying they need this. I urge a  ``yes'' vote on this bill, and I look forward to working with all of my  colleagues to keep moving this bill forward so that it can ultimately  be signed into law and solve a critical problem in America.   