 Madam President, approximately 635,000 veterans work for  the Federal Government, and the hardships of the shutdown on these men  and women are multifold.   First, furloughed veterans who are Federal workers are missing  paychecks. They are having a hard time paying their mortgages and  paying their bills overall. Veterans with VA-guaranteed home loans are  at risk of being evicted by mortgage companies because they can't make  their payments.   Second, veterans are not getting the benefits they have earned from  several Federal Departments, other than the VA. For instance, Native  American veterans, who already face unique challenges with healthcare,  are unable to rely on the Indian Health Service to provide their  healthcare because it is closed down. Homeless veterans rely on the  Department of Housing and Urban Development's housing vouchers, which  are not going out because of the shutdown.   That is not all. Other benefits and protections are at risk. The VA  is currently implementing major reform bills like the Appeals and  Modernization Act and the VA MISSION Act. To roll out these new  initiatives, the Federal Register must publish new rules and  regulations. Guess what. The Federal Register isn't operational because  of the shutdown, so the implementation of these wide-sweeping,  bipartisan VA reforms is shut down.   On top of this, we know that those stationed at the borders and at  airports--many of whom are veterans--are among those hurting the most  because of this President's shutdown.   There are many more veterans suffering. Colin, from Billings, wrote  me and said: ``I am a federal employee and a veteran, and this standoff  is placing a great deal of stress on me and my family.''   His wife is pregnant, he has a 2-year-old son, and he has no  paycheck. He spent his career in public service. After he got out of  the service, he could have made a lot more money in the private sector.   Unfortunately, because of the fact that the President and Leader  McConnell will not bring the bills to the floor, we are in a shutdown.  This is the human cost of the President's shutdown. These are men and  women who have volunteered to serve our Nation and put themselves in  harm's way and continue serving our Nation as civilians, and this is  how the President says thank you--putting them out of a job, out of a  paycheck, and out of the benefits that they have earned. He belittles  the financial hardship that his actions are causing, and he turns their  service in the military and as civilians into a political football.   The President has turned his back on the veterans of this Nation. It  is time to put these men and women back to work. I call, and continue  to call, on the majority to put an end to this real crisis--because  they can--and reopen the government.   I yield the floor.   