 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3942, the Preventing  Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act.   This bill can be summarized in this way: If minors can't buy e- cigarettes in a store, they shouldn't be able to buy e-cigarettes  online.   Today, anyone who purchases alcohol or tobacco at a brick-and-mortar  retail store is subject to age verification requirements. Online  retailers of alcohol must also verify a purchaser's age to ensure the  sales comply with State and Federal law. However, online retailers of  e-cigarettes are exempted from verifying the age of their customers.   When the PACT Act was passed in 2010, it did a great job of curbing  youth smoking. Unfortunately, e-cigarettes were not in existence yet.   This loophole exists at a time when youth vaping is at epidemic  levels. Today, one in five high school students is using e-cigarettes.  Kids can have e-cigarettes delivered right to their door without  requiring an adult signature.   Teen vaping rates have doubled since 2017, and over 3 million minors  used e-cigarettes last year. The lack of age verification requirements  is hurting kids.   The Preventing Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act would  require age verification upon delivery of online purchases of e- cigarettes and other vapor products. It closes the online delivery  loophole and will prevent the underage purchase of e-cigarettes online.   This bill has a broad coalition of support.   I thank Representative Rosa DeLauro for her partnership on this  legislation to protect the next generation, as well as House Judiciary  Committee Ranking Member Doug Collins.   This bill also has bipartisan support in the Senate, with Senators  Dianne Feinstein, John Cornyn, and Chris Van Hollen all on board.   Patient advocacy organizations like the American Cancer Society  Cancer Action Network and the American Lung Association also support  this legislation.   Business and trade associations like the National Association of  Convenience Stores, the Petroleum Marketer Association of America, and  the Convenience Distribution Association all also support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have a 12-year-old daughter; I have a  9-year-old son. There are schools across the country that are removing  doors on bathroom stalls and banning hoodies. Teen vaping and youth  vaping is a real  [[Page H8493]]  issue. This bill is a small step forward to start canceling that.   At its simplest, this bill works to modernize Federal law to treat e- cigarettes the same as any other nicotine product, and that is a good  thing.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   