 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.  Res. 328.   I thank Representative Rose for working on this resolution with me in  a bipartisan manner, as well as Chair Waters and her staff for their  commitment to seniors and financial literacy.   H. Res. 328 supports the security of seniors through the promotion of  financial literacy. This resolution supports the critical public- private partnerships that enable collaboration among law enforcement,  financial institutions, and regulatory agencies to expand financial  literacy and to detect fraud and scams against seniors.   America's seniors have worked hard to raise families, pay their  taxes, protect our country, and build our communities. They have  scraped and saved to ensure their financial futures.   Ten thousand baby boomers are turning 65 every day and, by 2030, the  number of Americans aged 65 and older will more than double to 71  million, or about 20 percent of the United States population.   These older Americans, who have given so much, are increasingly being  targeted for financial exploitation. And in this digital age, with  personal information so easily procured, the scams are only getting  more complex and harder to detect. We cannot stand by and let our  parents and grandparents continue to be ripped off by increasingly  savvy con artists.   What would this resolution do?   It would support the goals of Financial Literacy Month to raise  public awareness about the importance of personal financial education  in the United States;   It would acknowledge that raising awareness of threats to personal  finances, especially for populations like older adults and their  relatives and caregivers, is only one part of financial literacy;   It would recognize that to combat elder financial exploitation, it is  also necessary to encourage continued collaboration among law  enforcement, financial institutions, regulatory agencies, and private  sector organizations to allow the detection, prevention, reporting, and  investigation of those crimes;   It would support work being done by FinCEN, the Financial Crimes  Enforcement Network, and its partners to educate the stakeholders that  serve and protect America's elder community;   It would urge continued public-private partnership and appropriate  information sharing to prevent, detect, report, and investigate elder  financial exploitation; and   Finally, it would urge action to assist with remediation and  reporting, as well as prevention and detection to have the best  possible data, feedback, and incident response.   The path to economic security begins with basic money management. But  in an increasingly complex financial landscape, we cannot limit our  focus on financial literacy only at the level of individuals and  caregivers. We must also include financial institutions, law  enforcement, and regulatory agencies so that they can work together to  understand and detect these frauds and scams.   Financial exploitation can be devastating. Studies have shown that  seniors who suffer from abuse, neglect, or exploitation are three times  more likely to die than their counterparts.   Adding to this devastation--and this is painful, but we have to admit  it--is the exploitation is often committed by family members, by  trusted friends, or by caregivers. Financial abuse often occurs with  the implied acknowledgement and/or consent of the elder person and  therefore can be much more difficult to detect or to prove.    Employees within the financial services industry may often be the  first to detect those changes in the behaviors of customers with whom  they have regular contact. That frontline relationship places  institutions in a unique position to assist to protect customers,  upholding the inherent trust relationship with their clients.   In acknowledging this role, FinCEN issued an advisory to financial  institutions on filing suspicious activity reports regarding elder  financial exploitation that would provide red flag indicators and  instructions on how to report elder financial exploitation through  suspicious activity reports.   Timely reporting of suspicious elder financial exploitation activity  is critical to engaging entities that may have complementary  information on the victim or the perpetrator and may be well positioned  to collaborate or investigations.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 328,  supporting efforts to combat elder financial exploitation.   