 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend from South Carolina  for those kind words about being an honorary Texan. We Texans take no  offense to the comments he gave to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Graves) about that being his home away from home, with all the ties  between South Carolina and Texas.   The Battle of the Alamo commander, William Barret Travis, who died  for our freedom, came from South Carolina. Two football players who  would take our Houston Texans to the Super Bowl, Jadeveon Clowney and  Deshaun Watson, are products of South Carolina.   I am happy to join my friend and the HEAT team tonight to talk about  the American energy renaissance.   Texans like to call this the era of America crushing OPEC's monopoly  and finally tearing down Mr. Putin's wall of energy control over former  Soviet Union states, nations like Estonia.   My wife and I went there about 2 years ago on a Baltic cruise. We saw  happy, happy people, like people in that picture.   As my friend knows, that is a merchant vessel called Independence. It  has been loaded with liquefied natural gas from Sabine Pass, Louisiana,  by a company known as Cheniere, our first LNG port plant in American  history.   Two years ago, that ship pulled up in the capital of Estonia. As you  can see, thousands and thousands of people waved flags and said welcome  to Estonia, American liquefied natural gas, because they know that is  not just a product. That is their freedom from Mr. Putin's autonomy and  brutality. They know we exported liquid American freedom to Estonia.   In contrast, our port in Houston is 52 miles long. If I got five  people to walk out and see a tanker pull up, that would be huge. Our  battleship, the USS Texas, is over 100 years old. She is about to be  moved to be repaired, to be moored permanently, at Galveston Island. If  I got 10 people, maybe 20, to watch our battleship be moved, that would  be awesome.   Those people came out in droves because they know their control by  Mr. Putin is over.   Let's talk about a great new ally called India. Their Prime Minister,  Mr. Modi, is coming to Houston September 22. I have met the man four  times. They are a growing economy of 1.4 billion people. They have our  values.   They have a problem with their energy. They have none that they can  use in a clean, efficient manner. They have a lot of coal, but coal is  dirty. They have no natural gas. They have no fossils, no oil.   They can't have a pipeline deliver those products to their nation.  Coming from the west, that pipeline has to go through Iran and  Pakistan, enemies. To the north are the Himalaya mountains. If you  could get a pipeline over an 18,000-foot elevation, God bless you. That  is the eighth wonder of the world. To the east is a place in the world  that is falling apart, Bangladesh.   Their only solution to have cleaner air and energy independence is  American LNG coming via the sea, a ship. One showed up last year loaded  with LNG, again from Sabine Pass.   We signed a contract, private sector to private sector, in India to  deliver 14.4 megatons of LNG to India for over 20 years. That means  there is no way we, the government, can get involved here in America or  India. It is private sector to private sector freedom.   Finally, Madam Speaker, to my friend, I have to brag about Texas.  Liberal friends want to address climate change with carbon capture. We  are okay with that, but it must be viable in our economy, and it must  be viable in a free market.   A company back home called NRG has a power plant 10 miles from my  house called the Parish Power Plant. Parish generates energy from eight  sources, four natural gas and four coal generators.   Wanting to improve their business and make the air cleaner, make more  money, and help out the world, on their own, they reached out to a  Japanese company to build a carbon capture system that grabs over 92  percent of CO2 up one of the coal stacks. But that  technology was very, very expensive, over $1 billion.   Our friends want energy to swallow that product and bury that money  in the ground, that captured carbon in the ground. That means you will  bury $1 billion in the ground.   How can clean energy do that? By passing those rates on to the  ratepayer. Unacceptable.   What did they do? They grabbed that CO2, and they have a  pipeline that goes 85 miles southeast to an old, depleted oil field. It  is like fracking fluid. That CO2 puts more pressure, so oil  comes out, and we sell it in the market. It is viable.   In short, LNG dominance by America makes my home State of Texas  great; it makes America greater; and it makes the whole world the  greatest it can be.   Drill, baby, drill. Frack, baby, frack. Export, baby, export.   Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for the time.   