 Madam Chair, I rise in strong support on H.R. 1, and I  urge each and every one of our colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Chair, you have heard me say on occasion that the right to vote  is precious--almost sacred. In a democratic society, it the most  powerful nonviolent instrument or tool that we have.   In my heart of hearts, I believe we have a moral responsibility to  restore access for all of our citizens who desire to participate in the  democratic process.   Many people marched and protested for the right to vote. Some gave a  little blood. Others gave their very lives.   This weekend, many of our colleagues traveled with us to Alabama--to  Birmingham, to Montgomery, and to Selma. They saw the signs in the  museums that said, ``White only.'' ``Colored only.''   They visited the First Baptist Church in downtown Montgomery  [[Page H2600]]  where we feared for our lives as a mob waited outside to attack and  kill us.   They stood on the Edmund Pettus Bridge--crossing the Alabama River-- where we were beaten, trampled, and tear-gassed for attempting to march  from Selma to Montgomery to dramatize the need for voting rights.   Madam Chair, you have heard me tell this story before, and you know  our work is not finished. It makes me sad. It makes me feel like crying  when people are denied the right to vote.   We all know that this is not a Democratic or a Republican issue. It  is an American one.   For the past few days, I listened to the debate on this bill. I spent  some time having what I call an executive session with myself.   The words of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., came to mind. He would  often say that the ``arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends  toward justice.''   This vote is an opportunity to be on the right side of history. It is  a chance to cast a vote by the people, of the people, and for the  people.   So I ask you: If not us, then who? If not now, then when?   The time has arrived to tear down the barriers to the ballot box.  Today, we are able to do our part in this long fight for the very soul  of our Nation. Let's save our Nation and redeem the soul of America.    Madam Speaker, I believe in the way of peace, in the way  of love. I believe in the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence.   Can we come together and support a simple piece of legislation to  open up the political process and let all of our people come in?   I ask you to remember what I said a few moments ago. With this vote,  we have an opportunity to be a headlight and not a taillight.   Some of our colleagues are complaining that we didn't have enough  time. We have the time. This piece of legislation was introduced more  than 7 years ago, and the other party didn't do anything.   We are prepared to act. We are prepared to open up the political  process and let all of the people come in. It is the right thing to do.  It is a good thing to do, to set our country on a path, a path that can  be a model for the rest of the world.   