 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, later this morning we will be voting on  the nomination of Mark Esper to be Secretary of Defense. Dr. Esper is  an outstanding choice. I don't need to tell anyone how essential the  position of Secretary of Defense is to our national security. The  Secretary of Defense is key to ensuring that our Nation is prepared to  meet and defeat any threat. Dr. Esper has the experience, the  knowledge, and the character for the job. He has an illustrious resume:  West Point grad, Gulf war veteran, Bronze Star recipient, Rifle Company  commander, a total of 10 years on Active Duty, and an additional 11 in  the National Guard and Army Reserve.   In addition to his practical military and leadership experience, he  has extensive experience on the policy side of things as well. He has a  master's degree from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at  Harvard and a doctorate in public policy from George Washington  University here in the Nation's Capital. He worked as a senior  professional staff member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and  the Governmental Affairs Committee, as policy director for the House  Armed Services Committee, and as national security adviser to former  Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist. He also served  [[Page S4987]]  as a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense during the George W. Bush  administration, and during the Trump administration, of course, he has  served as Secretary of the Army.   As Army Secretary, he has driven budget reform and Army  modernization, supported Defense cooperation with our allies, and  supervised the most significant reorganization of the Army in 45 years.  His character and his expertise have won him respect from both sides of  the aisle.   The Democratic junior Senator from Virginia recently described Dr.  Esper as ``a person of sound character and moral courage'' and  encouraged his colleagues to support Dr. Esper's nomination.   Reacting to Dr. Esper's appointment as Acting Defense Secretary, the  Democratic chairman of the House Armed Services Committee noted that  the Department of Defense would benefit from Dr. Esper's leadership.   Dr. Esper was confirmed as Secretary of the Army by an overwhelming  bipartisan majority, and his nomination as Defense Secretary was  reported out of the Senate Armed Services Committee with nearly  unanimous support. I look forward to seeing a similarly strong  bipartisan vote for his confirmation later today.   In November 2018, the bipartisan National Defense Strategy Commission  released a report warning that our readiness had eroded to the point  where we might struggle to win a war against a major power like China  or Russia. The Commission noted that we would be especially vulnerable  if we were called on to fight a war on two fronts.   Rebuilding our military and equipping it to meet 21st century threats  has to be a priority. I was encouraged yesterday by the fact that the  budget deal arrived at by the administration and Speaker Pelosi  prioritizes money for our military. While it is not a perfect piece of  legislation, it will ensure that we are able to keep rebuilding our  military and deliver on-time funding for our men and women in uniform.   During his confirmation hearing, Dr. Esper revealed his clear  understanding of what needs to be done on the national security front:  modernize and rebuild our military; ensure that we are prepared for a  new era of great-power competition while maintaining our ability to  confront terrorist organizations and rogue nations; cultivate our  relationship with our allies; and support our men and women in uniform,  who sacrifice so much to keep our Nation safe and free.   I am confident that Dr. Esper will be an outstanding Secretary of  Defense, and I look forward to supporting his nomination later today.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea''.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    Madam President, I would ask unanimous consent that the  next two votes be 10 minutes in length.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   (Disturbance in the Visitors' Galleries.)   