 Mr. President, yesterday I stood on the floor of our  esteemed Senate, and I said: The Senate needs to do more. The Senate  needs to do more.   I was very careful--and I want to reaffirm today--I was very careful  not to say we are not doing anything. I talked about our important work  on confirming judges. I think we are putting some very fine men and  women on the Federal bench, who are going to make our country safer and  better. I was also very careful to talk about the fact that after a  logjam had been created on the appointments for the President's  administration, we were finally able to break that logjam. We have  started confirming some new advisers for the President.   I am very proud of the good work this body has done, but I did make  the point that we need to do more. I talked about the fact that, in my  judgment, there are many issues--if we think about them--on which my  Democratic friends and my Republican colleagues have more in common  than we don't, but we can't determine whether that is accurate unless  we vote, unless we bring bills to the floor, unless we get bills in  front of the committee and mark them up. That is our word, as you know,  for amending a bill.   One of the bills I talked about yesterday was the need for bipartisan  support for trying to do something about the spam, fraudulent robocalls  the American people are getting, about which Senator Collins just spoke  so eloquently. I said there would be bipartisan support. I believed it.  I believe it even more today. I am very proud of the Senate because we  just passed a bill. Do you know how many people voted against it? One.  One ``no'' vote. See what happens when Senators are allowed to be  Senators?   There are other efforts that we can work on together. The cost of  prescription drugs--I spoke about that yesterday. I don't want to go  into it more today.   I will give you another one, and I know this is controversial, but I  think it is less controversial than people realize--net neutrality, the  importance of people being able to access the Internet freely without  being blocked or without their speeds being throttled or without their  being censored.   That is a very controversial issue around here, but I still believe  we share more in common than we don't on that issue. I talk with my  colleagues all the time. I say: We need to pass a bill. Do you know  why? Because the businessmen and the businesswomen and the consumers  need some predictability in this area. What happens now is, if we have  a Democratic President who gets control of the FCC, they pass one set  of net neutrality rules, and then if we have a Republican President who  gets control of the FCC, they pass a different set of net neutrality  rules. The business community and the consumers are like ping pong  balls. There is no predictability. There is no certainty. You can't  plan. So everybody says: We need to pass a bill. Well, I am going to  say it too. We need to pass a bill, but the only way to pass a bill is  to pass a bill. And I think that is an area where we can work.   Another area--I understand how hard it is to fix our healthcare  delivery system, but we ought to at least try. Our efforts in the last  Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act did not work. We  could not pass the bill. I do not know a single person, honestly, a  fairminded person who thinks the Affordable Care Act is working. But  there are things we can do in the meantime while we are trying to reach  an agreement on health insurance and the healthcare delivery system  that looks like somebody designed the two things on purpose. There are  things we can do together in the meantime.   I think there is bipartisan support for the idea that if you have  health insurance and you go to the emergency room--and you picked an  emergency room at a hospital that is under your policy--and you go and  you pay your $500 deductible, a month later, you  [[Page S3084]]  should not get a bill for $1,000. You call them up and you say: What do  you mean? The hospital is listed on my policy. I did what I was  supposed to do. I went there. It was an emergency, but I did not go to  the closest hospital. I went to the hospital in my policy, and I get a  bill for $4,000.   They say: Oh, that doctor, that radiologist--not to pick on  radiologists--that radiologist wasn't covered by your plan.   Well, how am I supposed to know?   We can address that. I guarantee you that there is bipartisan support  to do something about that. We might not agree on the details, but that  is why, you know, God created the Senate floor. You come down here, you  debate, you discuss, and you offer amendments.   There are other examples. Let me say I am cutting this short because  we are about to have another vote on a disaster bill. Thank you. Thank  you, United States Senate. Thank you, President Trump, for meeting us  in the middle.   I am not clairvoyant, but I feel really good about its passing--not  good for the Senate as an institution, although I am proud of us today,  but good for our farmers and our people in so many States who have been  hurt by natural disasters--wildfires and hurricanes. Puerto Rico was  hit with two hurricanes right in a row. We are going to do something  about that today. I am happy for the Senate, but I am even happier for  the American people.   I am going to say it again. We have more in common--our Democratic  colleagues and our Republican colleagues--than we don't on certain  issues, and I think we would surprise ourselves in what we could  achieve if we just try.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   