 Madam President, as my colleagues know, we have about  41,000 Active-Duty servicemembers in the U.S. Coast Guard. They are  running vital missions right now in the South China Sea. They are  protecting our airspace and ports along about 12,000 miles of  coastline. They are performing search and rescue missions that include  nearly 1,200 Active-Duty Coast Guard personnel in my home State of  Louisiana, the Eighth Coast Guard District. For that reason, I think  the members of our Coast Guard need to be paid during this shutdown  until we resolve our differences. We need to resolve our differences.   There are some good Members of Congress, but right now, the American  people are wondering what they are good for. It seems to me that we  ought to be able to reach an agreement that secures the border--which I  happen to believe can't be done without a barrier--and that also opens  the government.   For that reason, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Coast Guard be paid; that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 6, H.J. Res. 1; that the Wicker amendment  at the desk be agreed to; that the bill as amended be considered read a  third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I am  smiling because of the great admiration and respect I have for the  senior Senator from New York. I love to hear him talk.    I love to hear him talk. He can talk the ears off a  jackrabbit.    He has waxed eloquently many times in this Chamber.   I remember back in 2005, 2006--I was a mere lad--that we had a bill  before this Chamber that was called the Secure Fence Act of 2006.  Senator Schumer and then-Senator Obama--a rising star--and Senator  Hillary Clinton talked passionately and eloquently about how it was  impossible to secure a 1,900-mile piece of real estate without having  barriers. They talked eloquently. I remember agreeing with them  wholeheartedly that legal immigration makes our country stronger,  [[Page S550]]  that illegal immigration undermines legal immigration, and that one way  to stop illegal immigration--not the only way but one way--was with a  border barrier. That was then. This is now.   Now, my esteemed colleague knows full well that his resolution will  not accomplish either border security or the opening up of this  government because President Donald Trump is going to veto it. It will  be a futile, useless exercise. We can go through it if the Senator  wants to. He can spend all day trying to teach a goat how to climb a  tree, but he is better off hiring a squirrel in the first place. There  is a measure before this Senate, and the President has put a proposal  on the table that will satisfy many of the concerns of our Democratic  friends and will ensure border security.   For that reason, I object.    Of course.   