 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to address the Chamber on an issue  that is an issue of significant challenge and controversy now, and that  is the escalating tensions between the United States and Iran. I want  to make a couple of points, but let me summarize the points as I then  address the current challenge.   First, I think it would be absolute lunacy for the United States to  get involved in another war right now in the Middle East. I think it  would be devastating if we were to be in a war with Iran. In  particular, it would be not only devastating but also, in my view,  unconstitutional for us to be in a war with Iran at a President's say- so if the President were unwilling to have Congress have the debate,  pursuant to our article I war powers in this Chamber and in the  Chambers of the House of Representatives.   If this body has a considered debate in view of the American public  and determines that we need to be in a war with Iran--or anyone, for  that matter--however I vote is irrelevant. The vote of the body would  be the vote that would express a political consensus about what America  should do. But if the Chamber is unwilling to have that debate or a  vote or if the President is unwilling to come to Congress so that the  debate can be had in front of the American public, that should tell us  something. If we are not willing to have the vote or if the President  doesn't want to bring it to Congress, that should suggest that maybe it  is not a good idea.    That is the theme of what I want to talk about today. Why are we in a  time of escalated tension between the United States and Iran? There are  a number of reasons, but, bluntly, I believe the path to the current  level of tension began when President Trump unilaterally walked out of  a diplomatic deal.   I think our country should always prefer diplomacy to war. A  President backing out of a diplomatic deal that our allies, our  security officials, and the International Atomic Energy Agency said was  working, in my view, was a horrible mistake.   There is a story I have told before in the Chamber, and it is a story  I love. It is about one of my two favorite Presidents. One of my  favorite Presidents is a Republican, Abraham Lincoln, and my other  favorite President is Harry Truman. This is a Truman story.   After World War II, at one point, President Truman invited the press  corps into his office, the Oval Office, and said: I have made an  interesting decision today.   They wondered what the decision was. President Truman showed them  that he had redesigned the seal of the Presidency of the United States.   The seal of the President was very similar to our Nation's seal of an  eagle clutching the arrows of war in one claw and the olive branch of  peace in the other claw. Prior to the Truman administration, the  eagle's face had been turned toward the arrows of war. In the aftermath  of World War II, when the United States was trying to exercise the role  of not just military victor but now of a great peacemaker by forming  the United Nations and other institutions to ensure that the carnage of  World War II wouldn't be repeated, Harry Truman said: We should  redesign the seal of the Presidency so that the United States is  represented by an eagle whose face is looking toward the olive branches  of peace.   We would always prefer peace. We would always prefer diplomacy. The  arrows of war are still grasped in the eagle's claw. We are a nation of  might, and we will use that might if we need it. But let no one in the  world doubt what the preference of the United States is; that is,  diplomacy and peace if that is possible and if that is honorable.   You can walk around the Senate Chamber, you can walk around the  Capitol, and you can actually see both versions of the seal. You can  still find some in the Capitol that were created before Harry Truman  was President where you will still see the eagle's face directed toward  the arrows. Many of them have been changed in subsequent years. It is  interesting trivia--like a treasure hunt contest--for our pages and  others. You can still find the old version.  [[Page S2955]]    I think we can all resonate with Harry Truman, a World War I vet and  the guy who presided over the end of America's victory in World War II.  He is somebody who certainly knew war and who certainly understood the  role of American military strength in the world, but he said this  Nation should be a nation always known as a nation willing to pursue  and committed to pursuing diplomacy and peace first, with war as a last  resort.   I believe firmly in that as my job description in the U.S. Senate. I  am a member of the Armed Services Committee, and I am a member of the  Foreign Relations Committee--war and diplomacy. I am a Senator from a  very military State. I have a child in the U.S. military. I think my  job in this body and my job as a member of those two committees is  first to reduce the risk of unnecessary war.   A lot of wars are unnecessary. A lot of wars are created by  provocations and miscommunications and then escalations based upon a  misunderstanding of provocations and miscommunications. Then you find  yourself in catastrophic wars that maybe nobody really designed them to  be. That is how a lot of wars start. We should reduce the risk of  unnecessary war. Diplomacy is how we do that. Then, obviously, we need  to be patriotic and strong. We need to raise the likelihood of winning  a war we need to be in.   We do not need to be in another war in the Middle East. We do not  need to be in a war with Iran. The relationship between the United  States and Iran was a very positive relationship for many, many years.  It was also connected to a lot of controversy.   The United States, including the Central Intelligence Agency, backed  a coup to depose a democratically elected Prime Minister of Iran in the  1950s, and the subsequent leader, the Shah of Iran, was a close ally of  the United States.   In 1979, the people of Iran rose up to depose the Shah of Iran. Not  surprisingly, with the United States having supported the Shah and  having supported the coup that led to the Shah, that put the U.S.-Iran  relationship in a very different place. That tearing of the  relationship was obviously dramatically enhanced when the Iranian  regime, the revolutionary regime, took U.S. Embassy personnel hostage  in 1979. So from 1979, for 35 or 40 years, the nations had no essential  contact.   We provided massive support for the nation of Iraq in the late 1980s  and the early 1990s as they engaged in a war with Iran. That is known  by the Iranian people.   Yet, even with the challenges of our government, the relationship  between the United States and the Iranian people has maintained.  Iranians study in the United States. Over the years, more members of  the Iranian Cabinet have had Ph.D.s from American universities than  members of the American Cabinet. It is kind of quirky. One of the  nations that we view as one of our key adversaries in the world--it has  been very, very common for their governmental leaders, including their  Foreign Minister, to have studied and gotten degrees in the United  States.   But the relationship was characterized on both sides by a great deal  of distrust, with a lot of legitimate reason for distrust. On the U.S.  side, they say: You took our Embassy. You took our personnel hostage.   During the Iraq war, Iranian militia units were often providing  materials and IEDs that were being used against American troops.  Hundreds--thousands of American troops were killed or injured by  materials that came from Iran. So we have deep distrust for Iran for  very legitimate reasons.   On the Iranian side, they say: You deposed our Prime Minister in  1954. You propped up a dictator over us. You supported Iraq in a war  that cost us hundreds of thousands of lives.   They have a deep distrust of the United States.   How do you work through distrust? In a personal relationship and in a  relationship with a nation, you cannot solve distrust overnight. You  never can. You have to work through it patiently and slowly.    When President Obama announced that he was opening up a discussion  with Iran about a diplomatic deal to limit their nuclear weapons  program, there was very little reason to suggest that a deal might be  found. Iran was pursuing a nuclear weapons program. The U.S. Congress,  in a bipartisan way--and I have been a supporter of these--had  sanctioned Iran for its activities in trying to seek nuclear weapons-- activities that were not only dangerous in the region and the world but  also would have violated a number of key U.N. provisions affecting Iran  or generally applying to all nations.   In a powerful speech to the United Nations in 2011--in some ways, I  think it is the best speech that has ever been given about the Iranian  challenge. Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu of Israel--it was a famous  speech because he drew a picture of a bomb that looked like the Wile E.  Coyote bomb in the Road Runner cartoons. That got the attention, but  his words were really powerful. He thanked the General Assembly of the  United Nations in the speech because the nations of the U.N. had joined  together in a sanctions regime that was putting tough pressure on Iran.  The Prime Minister thanked the General Assembly and said: Thank you for  joining in these sanctions, but we have to be honest. The sanctions are  hurting Iran's economy, but they are not slowing down Iran's nuclear  program.   To some degree, if you use pressure of that kind, a nation or a  person is likely to say: If you are pressuring, I have to stand up  against you.   So the Iranian economy was suffering, but the nuclear program was  actually accelerating. Iran was building a facility that enriched  plutonium and was dramatically enriching plutonium at higher and higher  levels that would be the equivalent of weapons-grade uranium. They were  getting closer and closer to having nuclear weapons.   That would have posed an existential choice of war or accepting a  nuclear Iran. Accepting a nuclear Iran would have also meant accepting  an arms race with other nations in the Middle East--an arms race that  we viewed as untenable. So the Obama administration said: We will talk.  We will see if we can find a diplomatic deal. That doesn't mean that we  approve of Iran or that we approve of Iran's behavior, but we believe  it is in the interest of the region, our country, and the world if we  could limit Iran's nuclear ambitions.   From 2013 until 2015--2 years of negotiation, in my view, produced a  very solid agreement, a diplomatic agreement with an adversary. It  didn't turn the adversary into an ally, just as our negotiations with  the Soviet Union in the 1950s and 1960s over nuclear treaties didn't  turn an adversary into an ally, but it effectively controlled the  Iranian nuclear weapons program. It limited the amount of enriched  uranium. It limited the percentage of enrichment to far below weapons- grade. It shut off plutonium production in Iran. It especially allowed  intrusive inspections into Iran so we could decide whether they were  cheating--intrusive inspections that even gave us intel so that if they  ever cheated, we would know where nuclear assets would be if we needed  to take action to take them out of commission.   The deal that was struck by the Obama administration with Iran was a  deal that basically had intensive requirements on both parties, the  United States and Iran, for 8 years. In kind of a testing arrangement,  every year they would say: Did you meet your obligation? I don't trust  you for anything, but did you meet your obligation? And they would ask  us the same question.   That is the way you work out of distrust. You can't work out of it  immediately; you work out of it patiently--well, we don't like what you  are doing, but you actually stuck with the agreement in year 1. Now  let's see about year 2.   The idea was that by the eighth year, we could know enough to know  whether the United States could back away from the sanctions regime,  and we would know enough to know whether Iran would permanently embrace  the intrusive inspection provisions of a nuclear nonproliferation  treaty that the IAEA has developed for all nations--including an  additional protocol developed after North Korea cheated--to make the  inspections really intrusive so you could catch cheating if it happens.   That would be the first 8 years, and then there would be a  continuation of additional requirements on Iran for  [[Page S2956]]  years 8 to 15 and then somewhat of a stepdown from years 15 to 25. But  then, after year 25, what would remain would still be a permanent  Iranian agreement to follow the inspection requirements of the IAEA,  including the additional protocol and the commitment that was in the  first sentence of the first paragraph of the first page of the  agreement Iran committed to: We will never seek to purchase, acquire,  or develop nuclear weapons, period. That was the first sentence. That  was the first paragraph. That was the opening phrase of the agreement  Iran reaffirmed, that its commitment would be to never seek to purchase  or acquire nuclear weapons.   When President Trump came into office in January 2017, Iran was  complying with the agreement. That was the position of the  International Atomic Energy Agency, which has a high record of getting  these things right.   In 2002, the IAEA told us that Iraq didn't have nuclear weapons. We  went to war to stop their nuclear weapons program, saying that the IAEA  was wrong. The IAEA was right, and we blundered into an unnecessary war  then, at massive cost to the United States in life and treasure and at  massive cost to Iraq as well.   When President Trump came in, the IAEA said that Iran was complying  with the deal. Our allies--Britain, France, and Germany, which helped  us negotiate the deal--said that Iran was complying with the deal.   I am on the Foreign Relations Committee, and I visit with leaders of  foreign countries. I visit with our allies in the Middle East. While  the political leaders might say one thing, if you met with armed  services members or intel members in Israel, Jordan, and other nations,  they would say Iran is complying with the deal.   President Trump's own Secretary of Defense, Jim Mattis--``Mad Dog''  Mattis; he is called Mad Dog because he was perceived to be a hawk on  Iran--testified before the Armed Services Committee: Iran is complying  with the deal. It is in the interest of the United States to stay in  the deal.   The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Joe Dunford--a marine  general who was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs under President Obama and  President Trump--testified to the Armed Services Committee: Iran is  complying with the deal. It is in the interest of the United States to  stay in the deal.   President Trump's first Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, said: Iran  is complying with the deal. It is in our interest to stay in.   Dan Coats, the current Director of National Intelligence, said Iran  is complying with the deal.   Our allies, the IAEA, and President Trump's own national security  team said Iran is complying with the deal.   But a year ago, President Trump said: It is going to be the United  States that will renege--not the adversary that will back out, not a  bad nation that will turn away from a diplomatic deal; it will be the  United States that will back away from a diplomatic deal that has  effectively limited Iran's program.   I am not aware of an instance in the history of this country where it  has been the United States that made a unilateral decision to break a  diplomatic deal. Our allies begged us not to do this. The national  security team recommended that the President not do this, but the  President broke the diplomatic deal. And guess what. If you break a  diplomatic deal, you raise the risk of unnecessary war.   I wrote a piece in the Atlantic in July of 2018 urging the President  not to blunder us into a war. I cited this very fact. Once you have  broken the deal, you raise the risk of war, and this President has in  breaking the deal. Now we are at a point of escalation with Iran. They  look at the United States' breaking the deal. They look at sanctions  that the United States has imposed. They are preparing for potential  invasion by the United States, and, yes, they are also pushing back.  They are engaged in activities in the region, as they were before.   We will have a briefing tomorrow in the SCIF. We are going to hear  about what Iran is doing. As we are getting that briefing, we need to  ask: Well, what do they think the United States is doing? It wasn't  Iran that broke the deal. It was the United States. It is not Iran that  is imposing sanctions. It is the United States.   What we need now is cooler heads that will help us understand the  American commitment to diplomacy. That word still needs to be put at  the forefront. Sadly, the advisers--the trusted advisers, the advisers  of great background and judgment who advised the President not to back  out of the deal--have all been fired or forced to resign. Secretary  Mattis, Secretary Tillerson, and General McMaster, the National  Security Advisor, had the same position about the deal. Two of the key  officials in the Trump administration--the second Secretary of State,  Pompeo, and the third National Security Advisor, John Bolton,  individuals whom I applaud for their public service record--have had a  long track record of, before being in these positions, encouraging war  with Iran and of encouraging regime change with Iran.   I was asked last week: Why are the tensions with Iran now so  palpable? Why does it seem like we may be on the brink of war?   I said: There are two reasons. The first reason is that the President  tore up a diplomatic deal that was working, and the second reason is  that the President replaced sober-minded, careful national security  professionals with people who have a long track record of publicly  encouraging both regime change in Iran and military action against  Iran. There should be no surprise that we are where we are right now.   What do we need to do? What do we need to do as a nation, but  especially what do we need to do in this body?   As a nation, I think I know what the perspective of Virginians is,  and I would be amazed if that perspective were so different than that  of Americans. It would be very foolish to get into another war right  now. There have been 18 years of war in the Middle East since 9/11.  That war has multiplied into many different countries and against many  different organizations. As for the idea of another war in the Middle  East right now, when the President and his team suggested in the last  10 days that war plans have been drawn up directed by NSA Bolton--they  have been drawn up to call potentially for the deployment of 125,000  American troops into the region--I know how that made Virginians feel.  Virginia families who have had their loved ones deployed not once or  twice but sometimes four or five or six times, when they hear the  President's team talking about such a potential deployment, it is  enormously frightening to them--enormously frightening to them. When  Virginians who have kids or spouses in the military hear Members of  Congress suggesting that a war against Iran would be easy, it is  enormously frightening to them--enormously frightening to them.   So what do I hope will happen? I hope that knowing what the Nation  would think about it, I hope that what will happen is that Congress  will do what we are supposed to do as the article I branch. The Framers  of the Constitution were so clear about this. The Constitution is  filled with clear provisions: The President has to be 35 years old. And  it has vague provisions: You can't have unreasonable searches and  seizures. What does ``unreasonable'' mean?   But on the spectrum of clear to ambiguous provisions, the war making  powers are pretty clear. It is Congress that declares war, not the  President. It is Congress. A President can defend the Nation against  imminent attack without asking Congress for permission. That is clear  in the Constitution, but as for the initiation of war, it is not for a  President to say it and start it. It is not for a President to, by a  series of provocations, blunder us down the path where war becomes  inevitable.   It is for Congress, having a debate in this Chamber and the House--a  debate that can be witnessed by the American public, a debate that will  educate the American public about what the stakes are, a debate that  has to be finished with a vote where every Member of Congress has to go  on the board with the courage of their convictions and the backbone to  vote yes or no. That is what is supposed to precede going to war.   I hope, in this time of escalation, that what we might do as a  Congress is, a, recommit to the virtues of diplomacy and vow again not  to be the party that blows up diplomatic deals  [[Page S2957]]  and walks away when other nations are at the table wanting to pursue  peaceful diplomacy. And, second, if we are to be in a war, I would hope  that this body would jealously guard that prerogative and want to have  that debate here on the floor.   There are members of this body that feel very differently about what  I have just stated and the points that I have made, and we ought to  have that debate here on the floor, not in dueling press conferences or  dueling appearances on cable shows. We should be having that debate  here on the floor.   So, as I conclude, I pray that the escalation of tensions that we  have seen, the discussions of deploying 120,000 troops in the Middle  East, may be abating a bit. I pray that we will ask tough questions. We  have our briefing tomorrow at the all-Senate briefing on this important  matter.   I hope that as we enter into a discussion, in the Armed Services  Committee first and then on the floor of the body, about the National  Defense Authorization Act, that this would be a perfect opportunity for  us to kind of talk about the equities, the plusses and minuses, what is  at stake, and what we might do.   I will also just say, as a last point, that we now know how to have  that debate on the floor. If the President wants to start a war without  us--and, make no mistake, none of the existing authorizations from 2001  or 2002 would authorize military action against Iran. Not a single  person here voting to go to war against the perpetrators of the 9/11  attack intended that to be used as an authorization to wage war against  the nation of Iran. If the President decides to go to war against Iran  without us, we now have a vehicle--a war powers resolution vehicle that  we just recently used in connection with U.S. support for the Saudi  ``misprosecution'' of the civil war in Yemen. We now have an  opportunity to force a vote. If the President gets us into hostilities  that are not authorized by Congress, we have the opportunity--and, I  would say, the obligation--to file a resolution that must be brought to  the floor of this body, that must be debated on, and it must be voted  on. We should not be at war with Iran unless this body is willing to  vote on it.   If the President decides that he wants to go to war with Iran and not  come to Congress, what does it say about his judgment? His judgment is  that he doesn't think Congress will support it. If he doesn't think  Congress will support it, maybe it is because it is not a good idea.   So, as I conclude, I think these are very, very challenging times.  There is not a power we should guard more jealously than the power to  put the men and women of our armed services into harm's way. We should  not let a President--Democrat or Republican--make that decision without  us. We should not let a President--Democrat or Republican--use a series  of provocations to blunder us into it. We should not casually let a  President--Democrat or Republican--tear up diplomatic deals and have  the United States be the party that is walking away from a table of  dialogue where we might find a peaceful and diplomatic resolution to  controversies.   In the days ahead, in the NDAA process, and then, God forbid, if the  President were to initiate us into some kind of a military action,  through a war powers resolution of the kind that we just voted on here  on the Senate floor, we will have an opportunity as a body to deal with  this, and I pray that we will deal with it with the seriousness that it  deserves. There is nothing, nothing more serious than this.   Maybe just the last thing I will say is this. You know my background.  I started in city council, and I cast thousands of votes, just as you  have, as a city councilman and mayor, as Lieutenant Governor and  Governor, and now as a Member of this body. I have cast all kinds of  votes. A vote on war is the most significant vote you will ever cast. I  cast two votes on the war resolutions in the Foreign Relations  Committee, and it was interesting casting votes on those, even though  they ended up not leading to votes on the floor. There is just a  feeling about the gravity of that vote and the feeling in my stomach as  I was trying to decide how to vote. Even when I decided how to vote and  making my mouth say the word about how I wanted to vote, it was a vote  unlike anything for those two, unlike any other vote that I have ever  cast.   Part of that, no doubt, is the connection that Virginians feel so  closely to the military. Part of it, no doubt, is having a child in the  military and knowing what a vote like that might mean to marines like  my oldest son.   This is a topic that has to be the most serious thing we do, and we  can't outsource our moral responsibility about it to a President. In  fact, we need to jealously guard that responsibility, and I hope we  will.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I rise to support the words of my  colleague, Leader McConnell, and to thank him for working on this  important piece of legislation, the Tobacco-Free Youth Act. I will  offer some thoughts about why I have been happy to work with Leader  McConnell and with other Senators who share the goal of raising the  national tobacco age to 21.   Like Senator McConnell, I come from a tobacco State. The Jamestown- based Virginia Company was chartered by King James, landing at  Jamestown in 1607, and beginning the English colonization of the United  States. They almost didn't make it. They could easily have failed like  other English settlements in the Outer Banks of North Carolina or  others, but two things saved them.   The first was the magnanimity of the Powhatan Indians, who, in those  early years, when times were tough, helped them to survive and helped  them to get over times of drought and hunger. The second thing was the  discovery of, as Leader McConnell mentioned, the tobacco seeds in  Virginia that, through the efforts of John Roth and others, became such  a powerful driver of the Virginia agricultural economy. Had it not been  for tobacco and had it not been for the Powhatan Indians, the Jamestown  colony would likely have disappeared.   Tobacco has such a place in our history that in the ceiling of both  of the legislative chambers in the Virginia Capitol, designed by Thomas  Jefferson, the ceiling is circled by gold-embossed tobacco leaves. We  restored the capitol in 2000 and restored the gold embossing because we  understand that it was tobacco that helped create modern Virginia.   In the city of Richmond, where I live and where I served as mayor,  one of the largest cigarette-producing manufacturers in the world is  the Philip Morris plant in South Richmond, which over decades has been  a fantastic employer of local Virginians and local residents.   As Governor, I was proud to work on tobacco initiatives because, as  the leader indicated, as we become more aware of public health  consequences, there has been more need to try to stem the challenges  that these health consequences create.   When I was Governor, I worked in tandem with my Republican speaker of  the house to ban smoking in restaurants and bars, which was a tough,  tough sell at that time back in 2009, but we made it happen. Probably  my happiest day as a Governor, vis-a-vis tobacco, was the day where I  went to Chesterfield County in suburban Richmond, and, together with  bipartisan legislators, we celebrated the results that had just come  out that showed that for the first time in recorded history the youth  smoking rate in Virginia was below the national average. Much like  Kentucky, we have been above the national average because in a State  where it is a product that you are proud of, everyone is encouraged to  use it. But by about 2009, we were below the national average, and we  felt very good about that.   I am here with Senator McConnell, partly because of our history, but  really I am here, as he indicated, because of the current challenge. We  are backsliding. We are backsliding. The recent increases in youth  tobacco use demonstrate that we need to do more.   Current youth tobacco product use has increased dramatically from  2017 to 2018, completely erasing the decline in tobacco product use  among youth that had been happening for many years. From the CDC, this  increase is driven largely by e-cigarettes. More than 1 in 4 high  schoolers in 2018 and 1 in 14 middle schoolers in 2018 had used a  tobacco product in the last 30 days--a dramatic increase from 2017--and  1.5 million more young people used e-cigarettes in 2018 than in 2017.   E-cigarettes are the most commonly used product among the young, and  they are frequently used in combination with other tobacco products.  The recent increase in the use of tobacco products is heavily, heavily  driven by the popularity of e-cigarettes, shaped like a flash drive,  able to be shared with friends, and sold in kid-friendly flavors with a  high nicotine content.   Disturbingly, it is not only e-cigarettes. The use of any tobacco  product grew by more than 38 percent among high schoolers from 2017 to  2018, and in Virginia, where we had celebrated in our State that it was  below the national average, we are seeing dramatic increases. And 16.3  percent of high school youth are reporting using any tobacco product,  and 6.5 percent of those--one-third of those--smoke cigarettes.   According to the CDC, any use of tobacco products by the young is  considered unsafe. The leader laid out how the use of these e- cigarettes alter the chemistry of the brain and actually make a young  person more prone for the rest of their life to becoming addicted. And  it is not just addiction. It is also learning, memory, attention,  impulse control, and cognition. The use of tobacco also increases among  the young the likelihood of developing mood disorders like anxiety and  depression.   So there is a strong rationale for this bill, and I was honored when  the majority leader asked about a month ago if I would work together  with him on a bipartisan bill as two Senators from tobacco States,  joining others to find a way to raise the age from 18 to 21.   Now, 95 percent of adult smokers begin smoking before the age of 21.  The Institute of Medicine, now the National Academy of Medicine, did  research recently showing that increasing the tobacco age to 21 will,  over time, significantly reduce the number of young and young adult  smoking, as well as smoking-caused deaths, and improve public health  and save lives.   What does our bill do? Our bill raises the Federal minimum age to  purchase any tobacco products from 18 to 21. We direct the FDA to  update their current regulations and enforcement structure for the  current 18 age minimum and apply to it to the new 21 age minimum. We  encourage States to pass their own laws raising the age to 21 and  require the States to enforce those laws and meet other requirements,  as they currently do, pursuant to the Synar Amendment. Our legislation  would apply to all populations and to all types of tobacco products,  including e-cigarettes.   As a father of a marine and as a member of the Senate Armed Services  Committee, I strongly feel that we should extend the same public health  protections to members of the military as we do though their civilian  counterparts. I look forward to working with the majority leader and so  many others on both sides of the aisle to do a good thing for public  health, to do a good thing for our young people, and raise the tobacco  age to 21.   As the leader mentioned, there are other Senators--Senators Romney  and Young, Senators Schatz and Durbin, and Senator Murray--who have  invested their energies in this effort. We pledge to work together with  all of them. We can come together to do this on behalf of our young  people.    Mr. President, I rise to support the words of my  colleague, Leader McConnell, and to thank him for working on this  important piece of legislation, the Tobacco-Free Youth Act. I will  offer some thoughts about why I have been happy to work with Leader  McConnell and with other Senators who share the goal of raising the  national tobacco age to 21.   Like Senator McConnell, I come from a tobacco State. The Jamestown- based Virginia Company was chartered by King James, landing at  Jamestown in 1607, and beginning the English colonization of the United  States. They almost didn't make it. They could easily have failed like  other English settlements in the Outer Banks of North Carolina or  others, but two things saved them.   The first was the magnanimity of the Powhatan Indians, who, in those  early years, when times were tough, helped them to survive and helped  them to get over times of drought and hunger. The second thing was the  discovery of, as Leader McConnell mentioned, the tobacco seeds in  Virginia that, through the efforts of John Roth and others, became such  a powerful driver of the Virginia agricultural economy. Had it not been  for tobacco and had it not been for the Powhatan Indians, the Jamestown  colony would likely have disappeared.   Tobacco has such a place in our history that in the ceiling of both  of the legislative chambers in the Virginia Capitol, designed by Thomas  Jefferson, the ceiling is circled by gold-embossed tobacco leaves. We  restored the capitol in 2000 and restored the gold embossing because we  understand that it was tobacco that helped create modern Virginia.   In the city of Richmond, where I live and where I served as mayor,  one of the largest cigarette-producing manufacturers in the world is  the Philip Morris plant in South Richmond, which over decades has been  a fantastic employer of local Virginians and local residents.   As Governor, I was proud to work on tobacco initiatives because, as  the leader indicated, as we become more aware of public health  consequences, there has been more need to try to stem the challenges  that these health consequences create.   When I was Governor, I worked in tandem with my Republican speaker of  the house to ban smoking in restaurants and bars, which was a tough,  tough sell at that time back in 2009, but we made it happen. Probably  my happiest day as a Governor, vis-a-vis tobacco, was the day where I  went to Chesterfield County in suburban Richmond, and, together with  bipartisan legislators, we celebrated the results that had just come  out that showed that for the first time in recorded history the youth  smoking rate in Virginia was below the national average. Much like  Kentucky, we have been above the national average because in a State  where it is a product that you are proud of, everyone is encouraged to  use it. But by about 2009, we were below the national average, and we  felt very good about that.   I am here with Senator McConnell, partly because of our history, but  really I am here, as he indicated, because of the current challenge. We  are backsliding. We are backsliding. The recent increases in youth  tobacco use demonstrate that we need to do more.   Current youth tobacco product use has increased dramatically from  2017 to 2018, completely erasing the decline in tobacco product use  among youth that had been happening for many years. From the CDC, this  increase is driven largely by e-cigarettes. More than 1 in 4 high  schoolers in 2018 and 1 in 14 middle schoolers in 2018 had used a  tobacco product in the last 30 days--a dramatic increase from 2017--and  1.5 million more young people used e-cigarettes in 2018 than in 2017.   E-cigarettes are the most commonly used product among the young, and  they are frequently used in combination with other tobacco products.  The recent increase in the use of tobacco products is heavily, heavily  driven by the popularity of e-cigarettes, shaped like a flash drive,  able to be shared with friends, and sold in kid-friendly flavors with a  high nicotine content.   Disturbingly, it is not only e-cigarettes. The use of any tobacco  product grew by more than 38 percent among high schoolers from 2017 to  2018, and in Virginia, where we had celebrated in our State that it was  below the national average, we are seeing dramatic increases. And 16.3  percent of high school youth are reporting using any tobacco product,  and 6.5 percent of those--one-third of those--smoke cigarettes.   According to the CDC, any use of tobacco products by the young is  considered unsafe. The leader laid out how the use of these e- cigarettes alter the chemistry of the brain and actually make a young  person more prone for the rest of their life to becoming addicted. And  it is not just addiction. It is also learning, memory, attention,  impulse control, and cognition. The use of tobacco also increases among  the young the likelihood of developing mood disorders like anxiety and  depression.   So there is a strong rationale for this bill, and I was honored when  the majority leader asked about a month ago if I would work together  with him on a bipartisan bill as two Senators from tobacco States,  joining others to find a way to raise the age from 18 to 21.   Now, 95 percent of adult smokers begin smoking before the age of 21.  The Institute of Medicine, now the National Academy of Medicine, did  research recently showing that increasing the tobacco age to 21 will,  over time, significantly reduce the number of young and young adult  smoking, as well as smoking-caused deaths, and improve public health  and save lives.   What does our bill do? Our bill raises the Federal minimum age to  purchase any tobacco products from 18 to 21. We direct the FDA to  update their current regulations and enforcement structure for the  current 18 age minimum and apply to it to the new 21 age minimum. We  encourage States to pass their own laws raising the age to 21 and  require the States to enforce those laws and meet other requirements,  as they currently do, pursuant to the Synar Amendment. Our legislation  would apply to all populations and to all types of tobacco products,  including e-cigarettes.   As a father of a marine and as a member of the Senate Armed Services  Committee, I strongly feel that we should extend the same public health  protections to members of the military as we do though their civilian  counterparts. I look forward to working with the majority leader and so  many others on both sides of the aisle to do a good thing for public  health, to do a good thing for our young people, and raise the tobacco  age to 21.   As the leader mentioned, there are other Senators--Senators Romney  and Young, Senators Schatz and Durbin, and Senator Murray--who have  invested their energies in this effort. We pledge to work together with  all of them. We can come together to do this on behalf of our young  people.   