 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call  be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, the Senate considers the nomination  of yet another unqualified, far-right nominee--Chad Readler, who is up  for consideration for a seat on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Let me just say at the outset that any whiff of credibility this  nominee might have had as a judicial nominee disappears the minute he  puts his name on the Trump administration's absurd legal argument that  protections for preexisting conditions are unconstitutional.   To get a sense of how ridiculous this argument is, you have to look  at a bit of recent history.   In 2012, the Supreme Court ruled that the individual mandate was a  tax, that it was constitutional, and that the Affordable Care Act would  stand. For millions of Americans, particularly the ones who wouldn't  have to go to bed at night fearing that when they woke up, they could  get discriminated against for a preexisting condition, just as in the  old days--under the ACA, they wouldn't have to worry about that  anymore--it was a joyful day when the court ruled that the Affordable  Care Act would stand, but it was a tough day for the Republican  strategists who had been so desperate to bring down the law at any  cost.   Next, in the process of jamming the Trump tax law through Congress,  in late 2017, many Republicans said: Let's bring out our old attacks on  the Affordable Care Act. They passed an amendment that said there would  be no penalty for those who failed to sign up for health insurance,  even though everybody understands that those who have coverage often  pick up the bills for those who don't.   Then, in 2018, Republican Governors and attorneys general in 20  States made what was really the silliest legal challenge to the  Affordable Care Act yet, and that was in the case of Texas v. United  States.   Here, they said they were going to stipulate that the Supreme Court  upheld the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate only because it was  a tax. Then they said: We establish that the Trump tax law dialed the  penalty associated with violating the individual mandate down to zero.  At least that had a kernel of accuracy.   Let me describe how they got into the backbreaking legal acrobatics  next. They argued that because there is no penalty associated with  violating the individual mandate, it is no longer a tax and somehow it  has become unconstitutional. Finally, they argued that since the  individual mandate is unconstitutional, the whole Affordable Care Act  is unconstitutional and ought to be thrown out the window.   My own take is that if you were a first-year law student, you would  get a failing grade for that kind of work on constitutional law, but  let's stick to the history.   The Justice Department has an obligation to defend the laws of the  United States. It is a quaint idea, but that is the role of the Justice  Department--defending the laws of the United States in court.   The Trump administration, however, said: Who cares? It doesn't  matter. And they sided with officials who shared their view.   In fact, the Trump Justice Department focused this attack  specifically on the Affordable Care Act protections for preexisting  conditions. It said that the mandate was inseverable from two key  protections in the law, which therefore ought to be struck down: the  rule that bars insurance companies from denying coverage due to  preexisting conditions and the rule that bars insurance companies from  jacking  [[Page S1677]]  up premiums based on preexisting conditions.   Here is a little bit of a recap. A group of officials on the far  right, who were out of good cases to bring against the Affordable Care  Act, said: Hey, let's try bringing a bad case. At the President's  direction, the Trump Justice Department decided not to fight but,  rather, to take part in this preposterous attack on the law of the  land.   To the incredible distress of millions of Americans who walk an  economic tightrope because they have a preexisting condition, somehow  the Trump people got a Texas judge to rule in their favor. Fortunately,  the ACA protections remained in place while the case worked its way  through the courts.   There are colleagues here in the Senate, on the other side of the  aisle, who have objected to what the Justice Department did. Our friend  Senator Alexander, a Republican from Tennessee, who knows a little bit  about healthcare, said: ``The Justice Department argument in the Texas  case is as far-fetched as any I've ever heard.''   Senator Lamar Alexander is a Republican from Tennessee, chair of a  key committee, and works with us on the Finance Committee. The Justice  Department's argument, according to Senator Alexander, is just light  years from a reasonable and rational position.   Then the Trump administration went ahead and threw out centuries of  Justice Department tradition--honored by Republicans and Democrats--of  defending laws as long as there is a nonfrivolous argument in their  favor. They didn't decide to throw out that vital legal tradition in a  case involving some obscure, out-of-date statute. In effect, they chose  to debase the Justice Department and undermine the rule of law in order  to attack protections for preexisting conditions.   Chad Readler is the Trump appointee who stepped up and said: Sure,  you can put my name on that legal brief. So what Chad Readler was  essentially saying is that it was just fine with him to go back to the  days in America when healthcare was for the healthy and wealthy. That  is really what you had if you allowed discrimination against those with  preexisting conditions again. If you are healthy, there is nothing to  worry about. If you are wealthy, you can write out a check and cover  the payments for a preexisting condition and the health services you  need.   Make no mistake about it--by putting his name on that legal brief,  what Chad Readler was interested in doing was taking America back to  yesteryear when the insurance companies could beat the stuffing out of  somebody with a preexisting condition and find every manner of reason  not to get them affordable care.   People were stuck in their jobs because of something called job lock,  where they couldn't move to another company, even when they got a  promotion, because they wouldn't be able to get coverage. That is what  Chad Readler wanted to inflict on Americans.   The case he worked on was so obviously political and meritless that  three career Justice Department attorneys withdrew from it. One senior  official, an individual who had been praised for 20 years of  extraordinary service, actually resigned. Mr. Readler said that was OK  with him too.   He said: We will take America back to the days when healthcare was  for the healthy and wealthy. I don't really much care that senior  officials--nonpolitical officials in the Department--are leaving  because this was such an extreme way to handle this case. Mr. Readler  said that all of this was OK and that he would be the public face of  attacking basic protections for 133 million Americans with preexisting  conditions.   On the very same day, the President announced his nomination to sit  on the powerful Sixth Circuit. That is a lifetime appointment on the  Federal bench, an extraordinarily important position.   If there is somebody following the nomination at home, you just might  ask yourself: Doesn't that sound look a quid pro quo?   I am the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, where we  pay for much of American healthcare--Medicare, Medicaid, the children's  health program, tax credits available under the Affordable Care Act,  and we have the tax exclusions available to employers. On that  committee, on which the Presiding Officer is a new member, you get a  chance to review the credentials of lots of individuals who are  involved in these decisions in which the Finance Committee is really  faced with the question of how to make the best use of what is really  $2 trillion, or thereabouts, of healthcare spending, and I will tell  you, in this area, it is so important to protect people with  preexisting conditions.   The Trump administration just seems to have, with one nominee after  another, an inexhaustible supply of far-right pretenders--persons who  claim they will be for protections for preexisting conditions, only to  turn around quickly and fight to take them away. So it ought to be  clear that this isn't a routine nomination. Chad Readler thinks  insurance companies should be able to deny care with people with  preexisting conditions.   Colleagues, if you vote for Chad Readler, you are casting a vote to  endorse the position of turning back the clock and rolling back time to  the days when insurance companies could discriminate against those with  a preexisting condition.   If Mr. Readler's history began and ended with the legal brief  attacking preexisting protections, in my view, that would be  disqualifying, but there is more.   He signed the Trump Justice Department legal brief green-lighting  discrimination against LGBTQ Americans in the Masterpiece Cakeshop  case. He defended the transgender military ban. He defended the Muslim  ban. He defended family separation at the border.   I am just going to close by way of saying that I think this  nomination is a byproduct of what happens when the Senate abandons a  long-held practice of consulting with home State Senators on nominees.   Since the early 1900s, it has been a tradition for the Judiciary  Committee to seek input from Senators on judicial nominees from their  home States. Lower court nominees traditionally don't move forward  until those home State Senators give the green light. They do so with  what are called blue slips.   In this case, the nominee is from Ohio, and the majority leader,  Mitch McConnell, is in the process of blowing up that tradition and  moving this nominee over Senator Brown's objection.   In 2009, when Republicans were in the minority, Mitch McConnell and  all of his colleagues fought to protect the blue-slip tradition. They  wrote everybody in sight to protect it--President Obama, Senator Leahy.   They wrote: ``We hope your administration will consult with us as it  considers possible nominations to the Federal courts from our states.''   So they made it very clear a few years ago that they strongly  supported this, but here they are blowing up a century-old tradition of  bipartisanship on judicial nominees after defending it.   This issue came to a head last year, when the Senate took up the  nomination of Ryan Bounds to the Ninth Circuit, despite objections from  my Oregon colleague, Senator Merkley, and me.   We were able to block that nomination. It was the right thing to do.  This was a nominee who we felt had not been straight with our judicial  selection committee. As Oregon's senior Senator, I had been dealing  with these nominees--Democrats and Republicans--for years, but our  judicial selection commission had never felt so misled. Senator Merkley  and I led the fight, and we were successful in defeating that nominee.   Now the White House still wants, apparently, this body to act as a  rubberstamp and just approve one nominee after another without any  questions.   I want my colleagues to understand that by moving this nomination  forward, they are going to be responsible for creating a new reality-- in effect hot-wiring the process for considering judicial nominees in a  way that will take us back again to a more partisan approach.   The bipartisan blue-slip process has worked for over a century. What  is going on now would end it. This is a breach of bipartisan protocol  that has further driven the judiciary to a partisan extreme.  [[Page S1678]]    Following these actions by the Trump administration and the majority,  I seriously question, if you continue this, whether the current  structure of the courts is going to survive.   Colleagues, Chad Readler does not deserve a lifetime appointment to  the Sixth Circuit. The moment he put his name on the Trump  administration's absurd legal attack on protections for preexisting  conditions, he revealed that he was going to be partisan all the way  and, on top of that, that he was going to exercise poor judgment. He  has been a defender of discrimination in multiple forms. He has  defended the indefensible abuse of vulnerable migrant families at our  border. At this point, he cannot claim to be close to the standard of  impartiality and evenhandedness that a Senator ought to expect from any  judicial nominee.   I intend to vote against Chad Readler. I urge my colleagues to join  me.   I yield the floor.   