 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in strong support of General  Abizaid's confirmation to be our Ambassador to the Kingdom of Saudi  Arabia. It took this administration nearly 2 years to even nominate  someone to this critical position, and, unfortunately, we have seen the  results of the absence of serious, experienced U.S. leadership.   I was pleased that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  expeditiously moved his nomination. In the past 2 years, we have seen  Saudi leadership take actions that have seriously strained the U.S.- Saudi relationship and that have run fundamentally counter to basic  international norms.   Saudi Arabia has detained and reportedly tortured members of its own  royal family and has effectively abducted the Lebanese Prime Minister.  In Yemen, the Crown Prince's coalition has led an offensive that has  been responsible not just for breeding the world's worst humanitarian  crisis but also for potentially opening the door to more malign Iranian  influence. To this day, we still also seek accountability for the  brutal murder of American resident and journalist Jamal Khashoggi.   With the White House's having conducted freelance diplomacy, the  American people have had little faith that there has been serious  pressure on the Saudi leadership for it to correct course. Worse, we  continue to learn that the administration appears to be rewarding the  Kingdom with secret side deals in support of its nuclear program--far  outside the scope of legally prescribed processes.   Amidst all of this, we must find a way to get the U.S.-Saudi  relationship back on course, for we do continue to share some common  challenges and interests. Yet U.S. alliances are strongest with  partners with whom we share values and with whom we can have honest  conversations.  [[Page S2351]]    General Abizaid faces a tall challenge, but I believe he is up to the  job. He has the experience and leadership necessary to both manage a  large mission and get the currently fraught relationship with Saudi  Arabia back on track in a way that advances our security interests and  stays true to our ideals.   I urge my colleagues to support General Abizaid's confirmation. His  leadership, deep regional expertise, management skills, knowledge of  Arabic, and experience in having served in conflict areas will make him  an effective U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.   