 What is the pending business?    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for 5 minutes.    Mr. President, today is Data Privacy Day, a day set aside  to raise awareness about how personal information is being used,  collected, and shared in today's digital society. It is also an  opportunity to educate the public about how to safeguard individual  data and also an opportunity to encourage businesses to respect  consumer privacy when correcting and dealing with data.   As we all know, data-driven innovation is exploding today, and that  is a good thing. It allows developers, entrepreneurs, small businesses,  and large companies to create applications, products, and services that  are increasingly customized for users. This is great for consumers and  great for the economy.   The benefits from this explosion of data come in the form of  increased productivity, convenience, and cost savings. The benefits  also extend to our  [[Page S694]]  very health and safety. In using data and in using this data economy,  we can serve to improve the daily quality of life for every American.   All in all, opportunity in this digital era is potentially limitless.  However, to realize our Nation's economic and societal potential in the  global digital economy, consumers need to have trust and confidence  that their data will be protected and secure in the internet  marketplace. That is the reason we are emphasizing data privacy today.   I want to talk briefly about the potential for legislation in this  Congress. Over the last decade, there have been numerous calls at all  levels of government in the United States and elsewhere for baseline  privacy legislation to protect consumers in a world of Big Data. Some  jurisdictions have already acted. For example, the European Union  recently enacted the General Data Protection Regulation--commonly known  as GDPR. California has enacted and signed into law the California  Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA. We see some American companies, not based  in California, certainly not based in Europe but who are dealing with  data across the board, calling on Congress to act and enact baseline  privacy protections across the board in the United States of America.   I say that we have reached a point where Congress needs to act to  develop Federal privacy legislation, and this is a viewpoint that is  accepted and supported across the aisle by Democrats and Republicans in  both Houses of the Congress. Strengthening consumer data protections  will be a top legislative priority for the Commerce Committee during  this Congress. We will continue to build on the current momentum in the  Senate as we discuss how to approach the development of bipartisan  privacy legislation in this Congress.   This is one of the best opportunities in this Congress, will be one  of the best opportunities for Democrats and Republicans to work  together and put something on the President's desk for his signature. I  know that through collaboration, we can develop a legislative proposal  that provides consumers with meaningful choices and strong protections  of their data, both online and offline. We need a legislative proposal  that will be balanced, balancing the need for flexibility, for  businesses to innovate, invest, and compete. This issue is critical to  maintaining U.S. leadership in the global digital economy.   I hope next year, at this point in time, we will be discussing and  celebrating the enactment of bipartisan legislation to ensure both  consumer protection and continued innovation in the United States.  Happy Data Privacy Day.   I yield the floor.   