 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill,  H.R. 3675, the Trusted Traveler Reconsideration and Restoration Act of  2019.   This bipartisan legislation seeks to improve the process of having  one's trusted traveler status reinstated after it may have been revoked  in error.   Every day, the Department of Homeland Security's Trusted Traveler  Programs keep the traveling public moving freely and securely. The  Trusted Traveler Programs, like PreCheck, Global Entry, Nexus, and  Sentri, facilitate growing passenger volumes at airports and ports of  entry while also making screening risk-based.   Unfortunately, however, some travelers have suffered from instances  of miscommunication or misidentification, causing them to lose their  trusted traveler status.   Unlike the Department's redress program for individuals who are  originally denied enrollment in these programs, the process for  restoration when someone's trusted traveler status has been erroneously  revoked is much less clear.   The traveling public should not be subjected to a litany of  bureaucratic hurdles and lengthy procedures at multiple different  agencies when seeking help having their trusted traveler status  reinstated.   H.R. 3675 helps alleviate this burden by implementing a top-to-bottom  audit of the Department's existing data and processes by the Government  Accountability Office.   It is my intention that this review will yield recommendations for  Homeland Security to improve how travelers engage with the government  on these issues, and break down communication barriers between Federal,  State, and local agencies.   Importantly, my legislation also directs the Secretary of Homeland  Security to provide commensurate re-enrollment time to those  individuals found to have had their trusted traveler status revoked in  error.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my bill's bipartisan cosponsors,  including my friends, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Correa, and Ms. Slotkin  for their support of this important bill. I also thank the chairman of  the full committee, Mr. Thompson, and Ranking Member Rogers for  bringing this bill to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation.   