 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to honor six brave Ohioans--Sergeant  William C. Knight, Officers Brian Rolfes, David Denlinger, Vincent  Carter, Ryan Nabel, and Jeremy Campbell.   Last month, on Sunday, August 4, the people in my State woke up to  devastating news: A shooter had opened fire overnight--at about 1  o'clock that Sunday morning--in Dayton. In 31 seconds, a shooter had  fired 40 bullets. He had taken the lives of 9 Ohioans and had injured  27 more. This was another senseless tragedy caused by gun violence. As  awful as it was, it could have been even worse had it not been for the  bravery and skill of the officers I just mentioned.   While others ran from danger, these men ran toward it. They stopped  the shooter within 31 or 32 seconds after the first shot was fired.  They saved, certainly, dozens of lives as the shooter was about to go  into a very crowded nightclub. Had they not gotten to him in less than  a minute, the shooter would have entered the doorway he was headed  toward of the Dayton institution Ned Peppers, which was filled with  Ohioans who were out on a Saturday night.   Dayton Police Chief Richard Biehl said: ``Had this individual made it  through the doorway of Ned Peppers with that level of weaponry, there  would have been catastrophic injuries and loss of life.'' That didn't  happen because these dedicated public servants did the job they signed  up to do--to protect the people they serve.   Over the past month, as we have mourned those Ohioans we have lost,  we have also seen the incredible strength and solidarity of the Dayton  community. People from all over the city have come together to support  the families of the victims and to support the law enforcement officers  and officials who threw themselves in harm's way to protect their  friends and neighbors.   Chief Biehl reported that the Dayton Police Department has received  hundreds of emails, social media messages, and thank you cards--all  from people thanking them for what they have done for this city.   Dayton has faced so many challenges this year. Each time, these  officers and the entire department have risen to the occasion. They  kept the public safe when a KKK group held a hate rally, and they  helped residents after devastating tornados hit this summer. Now they  are dealing with this awful gun violence and all kinds of tragedies  that have fallen on this community.   I thank my friend Mayor Whaley, who is here in Washington today to  help honor these officers and who has truly held this community  together. I think she put it best when she said that Dayton has had,  ``as I like to term it, one hell of a summer, and you all have been on  the front lines of it.''   I met these officers at the Miami Valley Hospital 3 days after the  shooting. The President of the United States was there to honor these  officers and to see the victims and some of the injured Daytonians who  were victims of the shooting and to see their families.   I said to the President that the best way he can honor these police  officers is to bring the Senate back into session and pass universal  background checks as 93 percent of the American public supports it and  as Congress has already passed it overwhelmingly. We could do it in a  day.   I thank Sergeant Knight, Officer Rolfes, Officer Denlinger, Officer  Carter, Officer Nabel, Officer Campbell, and all of the Dayton law  enforcement for responding far beyond the call of duty in saving the  lives of so many people in the Miami Valley.   I thank their families, many of whom are here today. We know how  families sacrifice alongside law enforcement and servicemembers. Yet so  often families don't get the recognition they deserve. To the officers  and their families, we are forever grateful.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   