 Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, I would like to raise a few key points on  this whole matter.   First, this is a question of international trade, which is a subject  that has been handled by the Senate Finance Committee for literally  decades. The full committee has not been consulted on this resolution.  It is less than a week old, which, in my view, has not given Senators  an adequate amount of time to consider it. Suffice it to say, the  prospect of reshaping the American economy with sweeping trade deals is  not something that ought to just rocket past the committee of  jurisdiction.   Second, with respect to the substance of the request, I simply do not  believe it is the role of the United States to give aid and comfort to  the UK's nationalist right while it inflicts irreparable harm on the  UK's own economy and citizens.   Third, thinking kind of objectively about the future, I don't believe  anybody can pretend to know what the UK and its relationship with  Europe is going to look like even in the near future. The Senate simply  cannot make promises about trade talks months or years down the line  when the May government doesn't even know what is coming down the pike  in a matter of days.   Finally, there are serious issues that need consideration with  respect to our trade relationship with the UK and Europe. That cannot  happen if the debates play out in a slapdash process here on the floor  of this Senate.   For example, European governments are in the process of implementing  a new copyright regime that provides an easy way to chill free speech  online with bogus copyright claims. A number of European governments,  including the UK's, have proposed new digital services taxes. Let me  repeat that. A number of these governments have proposed new digital  services taxes. What they are attempting to do is loot American  technology companies with discriminatory taxes--slapping what is  essentially an extra tariff on American firms.   The UK would need to commit to abandoning these unfair policies,  which, in my view, are serious barriers to trade, as a precondition of  negotiations in the future. Otherwise, if the Senate were to, in  effect, make promises on trade in the dark, we would risk surrendering  our negotiating positions on these key issues which I have outlined  without getting anything in return.   For the life of me, I just can't see the case for undermining our  American businesses and American jobs for the benefit of the UK's  nationalist right as they steer their own economy and international  stature off a cliff.   For those reasons, Madam President, I object.   