 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   First of all, I want to thank the distinguished chairman and the  ranking member, Mr. McCaul, for their strong support for this effort,  both bills that are up today.   And I would also especially like to thank the Speaker for her  leadership as well.   Mr. Speaker, since the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre 30 years ago, I  have had the privilege of working with colleagues on both sides of the  aisle, including, and especially, Speaker Pelosi,  Jim McGovern, my  good friend--and he is the chairman of the China Commission, and I am  ranking member--and Congressman Frank Wolf, a former Member who was  tenacious in his fight for human rights, the rule of law, and democracy  for the people of China.   We have always believed that every person deserves better than the  brutality so many endure in the systematic violations of their  universally recognized human rights. China's ruthless dictators do not  agree, and they are driven--they are obsessed--to tighten their  control.   Today, Mr. Speaker, Hong Kong is burning. The status quo is no  longer. The brutal government crackdown on democracy activists has  escalated. Tragically, under President Xi Jinping, human rights abuse  throughout China has significantly worsened, including the pervasive  use of torture, religious persecution, human trafficking, and genocide  against Muslim Uighurs.   Last month, Mr. Speaker, President Xi ominously warned of even more  brutal violence to come in Hong Kong, threatening ``crushed bodies and  shattered bones.''   And the Hong Kong Government, itself, prefers bullets and batons over  peaceful and political dialog that would address the Hong Kong people's  rightful grievances.   That is a sad and disgusting reality, and it is what the Chinese  Government, however, does best: suppress, repress, torture, kill, and  censor.   With the passage of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, the  United States Congress is making it clear that beating, torturing, and  jailing democracy activists is absolutely wrong. We stand in solidarity  with the people of Hong Kong. There will be strong sanctions, other  ramifications, for this crackdown, for this abuse of power.   The people of Hong Kong have feared for their freedom for a long  time.    In 2014, Mr. Speaker, I met with Martin Lee and Anson Chan, two  titans of Hong Kong's democracy movement. They and Scott Flipse, of the  China Commission, and I met in my office for hours as we discussed the  Chinese Communist Party's growing influence and their attempts that had  already begun to degrade autonomy and human rights in Hong Kong.   That is, Mr. Speaker, the genesis of this bill and our 5-year effort  to push back on Beijing's pernicious interference in Hong Kong.   In the midst of the 2014 Umbrella Movement, I first introduced,  joined by Speaker Pelosi, the first Hong Kong Human Rights and  Democracy Act. My CECC co-chair, Senator Brown of Ohio, introduced the  same bill in the Senate.   Over the years, in 2015 and 2017, Senator Rubio and I upgraded the  bill to reflect the kidnapping of book sellers, the disqualification of  elected lawmakers, and the political prosecutions of Joshua Wong,  Nathan Law, Benny Tai, and many others. However, every time, every  single time we pushed for passage, there was vigorous opposition from  diplomats, so-called experts, committee chairs, and U.S. business  interests in Hong Kong.   So passage of this legislation is long overdue.   My House bill, cosponsored by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.  McGovern), my good friend and colleague, and 46 other bipartisan  cosponsors passed last month on October 15.   Today, we consider a final bill derived from working with our  colleagues in the United States Senate. Specifically, the act directs  the Secretary of State to report and certify to Congress, annually,  whether Hong Kong continues to deserve special treatment under U.S.  law, different from Mainland China, in such matters as trade, customs,  sanctions enforcement, law enforcement cooperation, and protection of  human rights and the rule of law.   It directs the State Department not to deny entry visas based  primarily on the applicant's arrest or detention for participating in  nonviolent protest activities in Hong Kong.   It requires, for the next 7 years, an annual report from the Commerce  Department on whether Hong Kong Government adequately enforces U.S.  export controls and sanctions laws, including on those goods and  services transshipped to North Korea, Iran, or other countries relating  to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, narcotics  trafficking, and more.   It requires an assessment of whether U.S. origin items, including  software, technology, and services, have been transferred from Hong  Kong to China in violation of U.S. law and have been used by China for  mass surveillance, predictive policing, or for the so-called social  credit system.   I know some Members might be wondering: What is the social credit  system? It is a ubiquitous, totalitarian, ``brave new world'' system  scheduled for implementation by 2020 that uses public records, online  activity, and other tools of surveillance to aggregate data on every  Chinese citizen and business and use that data to monitor, shape, and  rate financial, social, religious, or political behaviors.   The bill requires the President to submit a strategy to Congress, to  protect U.S. citizens and businesses in Hong Kong from the erosion of  autonomy and the rule of law because of actions taken by the Chinese  Government.   It requires the President to identify and sanction persons in Hong  Kong or in Mainland China responsible for extrajudicial rendition and  gross violations of internationally recognized human rights.   The Chinese Government warns us repeatedly not to interfere in  China's internal affairs, but the only interference we see is Beijing's  meddling in the democratic freedoms of Hong Kong. All I see and this  body sees, my fellow colleagues, is Beijing's failure to honor the  promises made in the 1984 Sino-British declaration, an international  treaty. All we see is Beijing's failure to honor the promises of Hong  Kong's Basic Law.   We cannot avert our eyes to what is happening in Hong Kong. We cannot  silence our voices when the rule of law, democracy, human rights, free  speech, and autonomy are being threatened in Hong Kong. We must remain  steadfast in support of the people of Hong Kong.   The whole world has a stake in a peaceful and just resolution in Hong  Kong. The passage of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act is an  important signal that this Congress, Democrat and Republican alike,  House and Senate, considers Hong Kong's freedoms and autonomy a  critical interest of the United States and the international community.   In Hong Kong, they encourage each other to keep pressing forward with  the phrase ``Jia you.'' So today, I say to you, all of you in Hong  Kong: ``Jia you.'' Your cause is a noble, one and you will not be  forgotten.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), the ranking member of  the Committee on Foreign Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Yoho), the ranking member of the Asia, the  Pacific, and Nonproliferation Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from  Florida an additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Mr. Speaker, the United States' and the world's response to the  Tiananmen Square massacre 30 years ago and the massive crackdown that  was unleashed after that, because of that weak response, has enabled  unrelenting and pervasive human rights abuses ever since.   Had we been strong and predictable and said that human rights matter,  had we linked it to MFN, most-favored-nation status, and stuck to it,  we would have had a different China today that, at least more than it  does today, would have respected the rule of law and human rights.   We cannot recommit that mistake by being weak and vacillating in the  face of this terrible, terrible attack on the people of Hong Kong and  on their autonomy.   Remember, what we are asking Xi Jinping, Carrie Lam, and all the  other leaders in Hong Kong and in Beijing to do is just honor your  promises; you made solemn promises that you are violating now with  impunity.   We have to be very clear that if we enable that, if we look the other  way, then we become unwittingly, perhaps, but complicit in this  terrible degrading of the human rights situation for the people of Hong  Kong.   Mr. Speaker, I want to remind my colleagues as well, and I think we  all know this, but this bill is the work of so many who deeply care,  many Members across the aisle, bipartisanship at a time when that seems  to be pretty much a rare commodity, but when it comes to Hong Kong, we  are all there joined together arm-in-arm speaking out on behalf of  these tremendous leaders who suffer and go to prison and endure tear  gas and worse each and every day.   I want to mention some of the staff members, and there are many. When  we had the bill up on the 15th, I mentioned even more. But these  members were instrumental in working on the legislation over the past 5  years. Remember, this is the fourth time I introduced it, and I have  worked with Marco Rubio and others. This is a bicameral and bipartisan  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank former staff directors of the  Congressional-Executive Commission on China, Paul Protic and Elise  Anderson, for their important work on Hong Kong and China. I want to  thank Piero Tozzi of my staff for his focus on human rights in China  and around the world. I particularly want to mention the contribution  made to this legislation by Scott Flipse of the CECC, the  Congressional-Executive Commission on China.   In 2014, Dr. Flipse first convinced me. We had met, and he said that  we have a problem in Hong Kong and that we need to address it. I was  co-chair of the China Commission. Then we had meetings with Chinese  leaders and Hong Kong leaders. We began to see that what was taking  place in somewhat slow motion before our eyes was that there was a  long-term Beijing plan to undermine Hong Kong's autonomy and that the  U.S. needed to focus its efforts on countering that plan. He has been a  stalwart advocate for the people of Hong Kong ever since, and I, again,  want to thank him for his critical contributions to this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 2710, a bill that would  prohibit the commercial export of covered munition items to the Hong  Kong Police Force.   Mr. Speaker, I especially want to thank my good friend and colleague,  Chairman McGovern, for his legislation, which is pretty much a  companion bill that passed a little over 1 month ago, again, on the  whole idea of U.S.-originated equipment being exploited in Hong Kong  against these protesters. I thank him for doing that. We have raised  this at hearings, and his bill was a great bill.   As the largest protest movement Hong Kong has ever seen continues,  major concerns have arisen about the Hong Kong police's independence  and professionalism. The people of Hong Kong are rightfully furious  about well-documented cases of excessive force, brutal tactics, and  tolerance of violence against protesters. The Hong Kong police  themselves are now a cause of the protests.   There has been widespread police misuse of crowd control equipment  and less-lethal weaponry, including incidents that have seriously  injured journalists.   I am glad this bill is before us. After it passes, it goes to the  President, and I fully expect he will sign it into law.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for  time, and I yield back the balance of my time.   