 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, sometime tomorrow, this body will  consider a number of nominations for final confirmation, among them the  nomination of Matthew Kacsmaryk to the U.S. District Court for the  Northern District of Texas.   A Federal district judge serves a particular area of the country, but  in fact, the whole country has a stake in this nomination because a  judge helps to define and refine and apply the law of the United  States, setting precedent that applies to the entire country. It isn't  just the Northern District of Texas that has a stake in this  nomination; it is the entire country. So this alarming and appalling  nomination should be of particular interest to my colleagues.   It is the result of a process that, very unfortunately, has been  demeaned and degraded. It is a shadow of what it once was. In the  scrutiny that is given and the time that is devoted, this process is  failing to assure the independence of the judiciary. Now is the time  when that independence must be assured because, from this time forward,  these judges will be lifetime appointees and will have no  accountability to this body or to any other elected official.   In previous years, under other Republican administrations, there was  an adequate time to debate; there were full and fair hearings; and  nominees answered questions about their views on issues that were  relevant to their service. That process has been severely undercut-- indeed, decimated now. What we have before us, again and again and  again, are nominees who fail to meet the basic test of intellect and  integrity and responsibility.   I look at all of the records of nominees before us and ask them  questions to determine what their basic values are--whether they think  particular Supreme Court precedents were correctly decided, like Brown  v. Board of Education and Roe v. Wade--because it is a view into their  basic commitments to constitutional principles that are deeply and  ideally settled. Matthew Kacsmaryk fails that test.   If there is a principle enshrined in our Constitution that matters  more than any other, it is the idea that everyone is equal before the  law. No one is above the law. No one is less entitled to rights than  anyone else. Everyone is equal regardless of race, gender, ethnicity  and regardless of who you are, how much you own, or where you were  born. Mr. Kacsmaryk seems to lack respect for this basic principle. In  fact, his career is defined by active opposition to the treatment of  minority groups.   In 2016, he submitted an amicus brief that supported a Virginia  school board's policy that a student must use the restroom that  corresponds to the student's biological gender.   Also, in 2016, he sent a letter to the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services and argued that the Department of Health and Human  Services should not require hospitals to conduct sex reassignment  surgeries for transgender individuals. He wrote in that letter that  transgender people suffer from a ``psychological condition, in need of  care'' and are ``not in a category of person in need of special legal  protection.'' He went so far as to say the experiences of transgender  people are ``irrational'' and ``delusional.''   In light of these and other statements, I have received numerous  letters from the parents of transgender people. They have written in  fear and alarm that someone with such offensive, extreme, medically  inaccurate views could be promoted to a lifetime position within the  Federal judiciary--a position that will give him power over the lives  of exactly these individuals who seek equality under the law.   Seventeen of our House colleagues--some of them parents and  grandparents of transgender people--have written to us and expressed  their concern that someone with such hostile views toward LGBTQ  Americans could possibly be confirmed as a judge.   Our colleagues in the House are concerned about the decisions we are  making here because they respect these individuals.   Kacsmaryk has also repeatedly made public his opposition to marriage  equality and the equal treatment of same-sex couples.   He submitted an amicus brief in Obergefell v. Hodges, urging the  Supreme Court to not extend the right of  [[Page S3647]]  marriage to same-sex couples. He, thankfully, did not prevail in that  view because the Court upheld the rights of same-sex couples to be  married, and he continued his opposition to marriage equality by  representing the owners of an Oregon bakery who refused to bake a cake  for same-sex couples.   He testified in favor of legislation the Texas Observer described as  a ``license to discriminate'' adoption bill that would permit adoption  agencies to refuse to place children with same-sex couples.   Many in Congress, including myself, worked to pass the Equality Act,  which would reflect the core of the Supreme Court's ruling by adding  sexual orientation and gender identity to the Federal code's list of  protected classes.   He has referred to this effort as a weaponization of Obergefell that  seeks the public affirmation of the ``erotic desires of liberated  adults.''   Even as I recite these quotes, I can hardly believe that at this  moment in our history, at this time of awareness among informed and  tolerant people who believe in inclusiveness and equal justice under  the law, that someone nominated to this position of paramount  responsibility would have these views and articulate them in this way.   If the Equality Act were to become law and face a challenge in Judge  Kacsmaryk's court, could litigants feel comfortable or confident that  they would receive a fair hearing? Is there any gay, lesbian,  transgender, or nonbinary person who would feel their case would  receive a nonbiased treatment in his court?   I have such deep doubts, as should my colleagues, that I cannot vote  for him. I will oppose his nomination, and I hope my colleagues will  join me in voting no on Matthew Kacsmaryk.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   