 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice  have given 31,000 pages of documents to the Congress. They provided  witnesses. In fact, we have another one coming in for a transcribed  interview later this month.   Secretary Ross came and testified for over 6 hours. He came in front  of the committee, raised his hand, swore to tell the truth, the whole  truth, and nothing but the truth, so help him God. He testified for 6  hours.   Secretary Ross and Attorney General Barr are doing their jobs. What  is their reward? The Democrats are going to hold them in contempt, hold  them in contempt because they are so focused on this citizenship  question.    As Mr. Comer, who has introduced legislation, said just a few minutes  ago, the citizenship question is nothing but common sense.   Listen to what Justice Alito said 2 weeks ago, ``No one disputes that  it is important to know how many inhabitants of this country are  citizens.'' And the easiest way to figure it out is to ask a question  on the Census.   That is about as common sense as it gets. It is so common sense, we  have only been doing it for 200 years, in one form or another. The long  form, the short form, the 10-year form, the annual form, we have been  doing it for 200 years.   But somehow, this year: No, you can't do it this year. You can't do  it this year.   As Mr. Comer said, the United Nations says it is a best practice.  Lots of countries do it. But somehow, the Democrats don't want us to do  it this year.   I support the legislation that the Representative from Kentucky has  introduced. I support the good work of our Rules Committee member from  Georgia. Certainly, I don't support the rule and the resolution that is  going to hold Secretary Ross and Attorney General Barr in contempt.  Again, doing their job and what do they get? A contempt resolution from  the Democrats.   Ask yourself a question or, better yet, go ask your constituents a  question. I would encourage Democrats to go to their districts and ask  anyone in their districts: Do you think we should ask a question on the  Census about whether you are a citizen of this country? My guess is  just about every single person you talk to in your district will say:  Heck, yeah, aren't we doing that already? Of course, my colleagues  would have to respond: Yes, we are, and we have been doing it for 200  years.   This is common sense. This resolution is not appropriate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge defeat of the rule, defeat of the previous  question, and if it gets to the floor, defeat of the resolution.   