 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule and,  of course, in support of H.R. 1, the For the People Act, which would  provide the most significant reform to our democratic system in  decades.   This landmark legislation represents the fulfillment of a promise to  the American people to restore our democracy by expanding access to the  ballot, reducing the corrupting influence of corporate money and  political campaigns, and restoring ethics, integrity, and transparency  to government.   We live in a time in our Nation's history where Americans have a deep  sense that government does not work for them, and they are right. That  cynicism is caused by policies that respond to the voices of the rich  and powerful while ignoring those of ordinary Americans and practices  that seek to reduce and restrict participation in our electoral  process.   Americans are sick and tired of corruption and mismanagement here in  Washington, and they elected us with the expectation that we will take  real steps to clean up the mess and return power to the people of our  great country.   H.R. 1 provides us with the opportunity to do this by offering the  most sweeping reforms to our democracy since Watergate, and it makes  real strides in rooting out corruption, strengthening voting rights,  and restoring government by and for the people.   I want to particularly thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your extraordinary  leadership in shaping this bill and drafting it and working with our  colleagues all across the Caucus and producing this product.   H.R. 1 includes the DISCLOSE Act, which I introduced to shine the  light on unlimited corporate spending that has overrun our elections.   Without fixing our broken campaign finance system and taking power  from the powerful special interests and returning it to the people of  this country, it will also be impossible to make progress on the other  issues that are important to the American people.   The DISCLOSE Act will require organizations that spend money on  elections to promptly disclose donors who give $10,000 or more during  the election cycle and prevent political operatives from actions meant  to conceal the identity of donors.   I have also introduced legislation which would require motor vehicle  registries to automatically register all eligible citizens to vote when  they obtain services from their motor vehicle registries.   In 2006, at least 32.6 million eligible Americans were not registered  to vote and, thus, unable to cast a ballot.    Mr. Speaker, making registration automatic will ensure  that everyone who wishes to be added to the voter rolls will not have  to think twice about it, and I am proud that H.R. 1 will implement  automatic voter registration.   For too long, Mr. Speaker, Washington has acted on behalf of wealthy  and powerful special interests. Last Congress, Republicans passed  legislation to take away healthcare from 23 million Americans, to give  billions in tax cuts to billionaires, and to ease gun restrictions in  the wake of the deadliest shooting in modern America. Americans  responded by voting them out and entrusting us to clean up this culture  of corruption. Let us repay that trust by passing this landmark  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the For the People Act,  and I urge adoption of the rule.   