 Mr. Speaker, this weekend, the President used racist,  xenophobic tropes to divide the country and evoke fear and anger.  [[Page H5834]]    These words were a deplorable, bigoted act that betrays the  principles of our great Nation and demeans the memories of all those  who sacrificed so much in our ongoing pursuit of a more perfect Union.   Whether you were born here, arrived as an immigrant, or came as a  refugee, every citizen, naturalized or otherwise is an American, every  bit as much as our Founders.   Our country is stronger because of our history as a people of diverse  backgrounds with diverse experiences.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here today, the grandson and great-grandson of  immigrants who fled the persecution of Jews in Russia a century ago to  build a better life in America for themselves and their future  generations. We have seen from history what happens when good people  stay silent.   To quote the late Elie Wiesel: ``We must take sides. Neutrality helps  the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor,  never the tormented.''   I urge my colleagues: Do not remain silent. Speak out and defend the  values we all share as Americans.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, though I am not opposed to it.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of the Murphy-Schneider  amendment that makes abundantly clear it is of the utmost importance to  prevent Iran from establishing any enduring presence in Syria.   The amendment also requires the Director of National Intelligence to  report on Iran's efforts to establish a foothold in Syria on the threat  this poses to the United States and our allies, in particular Israel.   Madam Chair, I stood before Congress in the last Congress urging  support for my amendment to require a report on Iran's support for  proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon, and I am pleased that this report  remains in this bill. Today we are building on this important effort  with the Murphy-Schneider amendment.   I thank my good friend from Florida, Stephanie Murphy, for her  leadership on this issue.   Iran is a bad actor that has spread its maligned influence and  continued to engage in destabilizing activities throughout the Middle  East region, as well as beyond. The Iranian regime has and continues to  establish deep ties within Syria through military, political, economic,  social, and cultural means. This is a dangerous behavior that must be  checked. Iran must not be allowed to maintain a permanent foothold in  Syria that threatens our allies and stability in the region.   To stand up to Iran, we must first understand the full extent of  Iran's activities in Syria, and that is what this amendment does. I  look forward to seeing this report and engaging on how we can prevent  Iran from maintaining a permanent presence in Syria.   I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   