 Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak  directly to White House Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney.   Recent reports suggest you personally intervened to stop Vietnam vets  from getting healthcare, all just to save a buck.   It sounds crazy, and it is. Thousands of veterans were affected by  exposure to Agent Orange during the Vietnam war and deserve to have  healthcare.   The VA Secretary tried to add four medical conditions caused by Agent  Orange to the list VA would cover, but Mick Mulvaney intervened to stop  it.   This issue is personal for me. My grandfather served in Vietnam, was  exposed to Agent Orange, and died from lung cancer. Sadly, his story is  not uncommon.   I refuse to stand by and let other veterans die because they didn't  get the healthcare they need. That is not who we are.   Our veterans fought to keep us safe, and many sacrificed life and  limb. The last thing they should have to do is come home to fight  another battle for the healthcare they earned.   There is still time to turn this around, Mick, and I beg you to  reconsider.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Chair, my amendment is going to ensure that nothing in this act  [[Page H9144]]  shall be construed to limit or prevent healthcare workers from  reporting violent incidents to appropriate law enforcement.   This is really critical because, obviously, this amendment is going  to really put some new restrictions on workplace violence. It is so  critical to ensure we do that. But we also want to make sure that there  are safeguards in place to make sure that reporting is not only going  to the law enforcement agencies but also around the rest of the  community. That is why our amendment is so critical here.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   