 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last evening, I was here at this exact  spot asking my colleagues to support the idea of advancing  appropriations bills, and I am pleased to see today that has today  occurred. It occurred on a vote of 92 to 2. That is a good sign.   It is a goal of mine to see the Senate function. One of the ways we  can determine whether we are doing our jobs is whether we can pass  appropriations bills. The Senate is now considering 4 of 12  appropriations bills that should be adopted on an annual basis.   I begin my remarks this evening by thanking Chairman Shelby and Vice  Chairman Leahy for their leadership  [[Page S5960]]  and for working hard to bring appropriations bills to the floor,  including my subcommittee's work on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies appropriations bill.   As the chairman of that CJS Subcommittee, I worked closely with the  ranking member, Senator Shaheen, the Senator from New Hampshire, whom I  know very well. Senator Shaheen and I have worked together to produce a  good-government, bipartisan bill that is part of this appropriations  package we are now debating. I express my gratitude to her and her  staff for her partnership, and I am proud we were able to report the  bill out of the Appropriations Committee by a unanimous vote. I  appreciate Senator Shaheen's willingness to find common ground, and I  look forward to seeing this bill pass the Senate and ultimately be  enacted into law.   As I have said before, this is a good bill. It is consist with our  subcommittee's 302(b) allocation, and I believe it balances the many  competing priorities of our funding jurisdiction.   As you expect in a bill that is titled ``Commerce, Justice, Science,  and Related Agencies,'' there are many competing interests in  determining how we allocate the spending within that 302(b) allocation.   The CJS bill supports activities related to national security;  Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement; space exploration;  economic development; trade promotion and enforcement; scientific  research; and many other critical government functions.   The CJS bill provides funding for the Department of Commerce, which  includes an increase of significant amounts of dollars that are  necessary in fiscal year 2020 to fund the Census Bureau to ensure that  we have an accurate counting for the 2020 decennial census--a  constitutional requirement. It is one of the reasons that it is  difficult to allocate money in our bill, because the census is so  critical and must be done in a professional and timely manner. We  believe we have included the necessary support for that to occur.   This bill also has a strong support for NOAA programs--the National  Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration--to ensure continuation of core  operations, including ocean monitoring, fisheries management, coastal  grants to States, aquaculture research, and severe weather forecasting,  and additional opportunities for economic growth by supporting the  Economic Development Agency and continuing the National Institute of  Standards and Technology's Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program.   The CJS bill also supports space and scientific exploration. This  bill is the bill that funds NASA. As many of my colleagues know, this  year the administration took a step--a bold step--in advancing the  timeframe by which American astronauts will return to the Moon. The  plan is now to return to the Moon by 2024. This bill helps accelerate  that goal and will cement America's leadership in space exploration.  The bill provides robust funding for NASA, including funding for  science and aeronautics and the Artemis mission--that trip to the  Moon--which will allow NASA to begin to take those important steps to  achieve its goal--and a goal of mine--of putting the first woman on the  Moon by 2024.   The bill also includes needed funding for STEM education programs.   In most recent times, when the 50th anniversary of Apollo 11 was  celebrated, it caused me to remember back to the days in which many  people in this country saw what we were able to accomplish and  dedicated their lives--young people--to science and research, to space  exploration. This bill is supportive of that and is designed to inspire  the next generation of scientists--young people and others.   Finally, the CJS bill also provides for increased funding for the  Department of Justice. The funding includes additional resources for  the Department's law enforcement components, enabling the Department to  hire additional agents, deputy marshals, and correctional officers,  expanding the Department's efforts to combat mass violence and violent  crime.   Funding for the Executive Office for Immigration Review is also  increased so that additional immigration judges and support staff can  be hired, continuing our committee's effort to reduce the immigration  court backlog, which is now over 960,000.   Additionally, as an original sponsor of the First Step Act, I am  proud that this bill provides $75 million--the fully authorized level-- to the Bureau of Prisons for its implementation.   Our bill provides $2.3 billion in funding for State, local, and  Tribal law enforcement assistance, including a total of $517 million to  combat the various opioid, meth, and substance abuse crises raging our  communities, $500 million for grants authorized under the Violence  Against Women Act, and $315 million for juvenile justice grants. These  grants will help local communities prevent crime and also provide  support and assistance for crime victims.   Unfortunately, many of our law enforcement officials are under  significant stress, increasing pressures, and there is an increasing  level of suicide among law enforcement officers across the country.  Again, we have provided funding for counseling--something I wish were  not necessary.   We have a transparent product here. We worked in a bipartisan manner,  as many Kansans and Americans have asked me to do, asking: Can we get  along? The answer is yes, we can get along to do something as basic as  an appropriations bill. I hope the answer will continue to be yes. It  is important for us to address the priorities and needs of our Nation.   I look forward to advancing this legislation. I will be here on the  Senate floor from time to time to respond to my colleagues' questions  and to respond to any amendments that may be offered.   I urge my colleagues to support this package of four bills, including  our CJS bill, so that we can move one step closer to completing our  constitutionally required work of funding the Federal Government.   I again thank Chairman Shelby and the vice chairman, Senator Leahy,  for their leadership throughout this entire process. I look forward to  working with them for the next few days and throughout the year to see  that we have a successful conclusion.   I yield the floor.    Madam President as in executive session, I ask unanimous  consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  consent to the resolution of ratification with respect to treaty  document No. 116-1.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 232, S. 1590.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 373, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I understand there is a joint resolution  at the desk, and I ask for its first reading.  [[Page S6048]]     I now ask for a second reading, and in order to place the  joint resolution on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I  object to my own request.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m.,  Wednesday, October 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, morning business be closed, and the Senate  proceed to resume consideration of S.J. Res. 50. I further ask the  debate time on the joint resolution expire at 2:45 p.m. tomorrow and  the Senate vote on passage of S.J. Res. 50; finally, that following the  disposition of S.J. Res. 50, the Senate resume consideration of H.R.  3055.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators Merkley and  Bennet.   