 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Walker for his leadership in  our conference and his great representation of his district. It is an  honor to be joining the gentleman tonight for this important time on  the House floor.   I come here to appeal to all my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle, Republicans and Democrats, to reject the anti-Israel and anti- Semitic hatred that we are starting to see infiltrate American politics  and even the Halls of Congress.   It is important that we all come together, that we work together to  not empower, not embrace, not associate with individuals and rhetoric  and policy that promotes this anti-Israel and anti-Semitic hatred, but  that we reject it.   It was just a couple weeks ago that this Chamber came together nearly  unanimously to reject white supremacy. What is taking so long for House  Democratic leadership to schedule a vote on H. Res. 72 that I  introduced with Congressman Budd, Congresswoman Stefanik, Congressman  Walker as a cosponsor, and others as well? Why can't we come together  as forcefully and urgently to reject that anti-Semitism and that anti- Israel hatred?   We have House Democrats who have associated with, taken pictures  with, embraced Louis Farrakhan. He said: ``So when they talk about  Farrakhan, call me a hater, you do what they do, call me an anti- Semite. Stop it, I'm anti-termite.'' Louis Farrakhan said that last  year.  [[Page H1277]]    He also said: ``Satanic Jews have infected the whole world with  poison and deceit.''   This is offensive to me, as someone who is Jewish. But I am talking  to colleagues who aren't Jewish, and they are offended as well by  Farrakhan and the fact that there are Members of this Chamber who  associate with this person.   In 1984, Farrakhan said about Adolph Hitler: ``He was a very great  man.''   Activist Tamika Mallory called Louis Farrakhan ``the greatest of all  time.'' Her fellow organizer, Linda Sarsour, said: ``Only Jews . . .  are ones that condone violence against Arabs and are cool with mosques  being attacked.''   I have no problem standing here in the well of this Chamber rejecting  it. I don't know what is taking so long for House Democratic leadership  to schedule a vote on H. Res. 72, so they can join us in condemning it  as well.   There is a freshman Representative from Michigan, Representative  Rashida Tlaib, who supports the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions  movement. She invited Abbas Hamideh to attend her swearing-in events  this month. Abbas said, in 2016: ``Israel does not have a right to  exist. The terrorist entity is illegal and has no basis to exist, other  than a delusional, ISIS-like ideology.''   Also this month, that person said: ``I'm willing to go back to my  country Palestine, if the Zionist terrorists go back to Poland. Deal?  Let's get that ball rolling ASAP. Get off Twitter, and let's make that  happen.''   This same Representative said of those who support Israel: ``They  forgot what country they represent.''   Well, as someone who has been in the United States Army for over 15  years, has deployed into combat in defense of this country, a former  Army paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division, never once in my life  have I forgotten what country I represent.   It is kind of ironic that someone who, on their victory night, wraps  themselves in the Palestinian flag is trying to lecture us, especially  for supporting our Nation's greatest ally in Israel.   The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement is one that is founded  by someone named Omar Barghouti, who said: ``We are witnessing the  rapid demise of Zionism, and nothing can be done save it, for Zionism  is intent on killing itself. I, for one, support euthanasia.''   He also said: ``Many of the methods of collective and individual  `punishment' meted out to Palestinian civilians at the hands of young,  racist, often sadistic and every impervious Israeli soldiers . . . are  reminiscent of common Nazi practices against the Jews.''   So when you are embracing BDS, know that this is what the founder of  BDS says. This goes beyond anti-Israeli hatred. It is anti-Semitic  hatred.   What is taking so long? This Chamber that had no problem rushing to  this well and nearly unanimously rejecting white supremacy has a  problem rejecting this?   Meanwhile, our students, in the name of the BDS movement, on college  campuses all across this entire country, are being subjected to blatant  anti-Semitism.   For example, at New York University, the student government passed a  resolution supporting BDS. The Bronfman Center for Jewish Life was  temporarily closed in response to threatening Twitter posts by a  student who expressed ``a desire for Zionists to die.''   Other college campuses include a University of Michigan professor who  refused to write a letter of recommendation for a qualified student to  study abroad solely because she was seeking to study abroad in Israel.   A Students for Justice in Palestine cofounder and University of  California, Berkeley, professor spoke at a national conference and  shared an anti-Semitic meme of an Orthodox Jewish person in his  presentation.   At Warren Wilson College, an invited speaker said: ``Jews are doing  the same thing to the Palestinians as the Nazis did to the Jews.''   The examples go on, whether it was Charlottesville, where the  leadership said that Jews must die, that he wanted all Jews to die, or  whether it was the shooting that took place in Pittsburgh.   We are motivated, my colleagues and I, to this Chamber to stand  against anti-Israel and anti-Semitic hatred. Everyone in this Chamber  should join us.   I went kindergarten through 12th grade, college, law school, 4 years  of Active Duty, and I never once experienced anti-Semitism. It has no  business infiltrating American politics; it has no business  infiltrating the campuses of United States universities and colleges;  and it has no business infiltrating the Halls of Congress.   I encourage an immediate vote on H. Res. 72.   