 Today is a special day. Today is a culmination of years  of work. I mean that. We were literally on the floor 7 or 8 years ago  with a bill similar to this one that did not get across the finish  line. We were here 2 years after that and 2 years after that, and now  we are here today.   Before she leaves the floor, I want to thank Senator Murkowski for  her leadership. Senator Cantwell is not here, but I want to thank her  for the work she has done on this bill because it was big. I want to  thank Senator Manchin for continuing the legacy of these two, and,  hopefully, it can continue over the next year. Quite frankly, bills  like this don't get done every day, and they don't get done by  accident. They get done by leadership and folks working hard. I thank  both of you. If Senator Cantwell is listening, thank you very much for  the work that has been done.   I am very proud to stand here on behalf of countless Montana small  businesses and community members who had a crazy idea a few years ago  about not wanting an out-of-State mining company--actually, not even  wanting an out-of-country mining company, a foreign mining company--to  expand the mine on the doorstep of Yellowstone National Park. I am  standing here today to tell them that I heard them. I listened to them,  and I was not going to stop until this bill was signed into law.   I want to take you back about 4 years. A group of small business  owners who cared about the future of their community got together after  they caught wind of two mining companies that were planning to expand  their operations on nearby public land, which threatened the area's  rapidly growing outdoor economy--one of the fastest growing economies  in the State of Montana. This mine expansion was set to take place in a  place we call Paradise Valley. That place is called Paradise Valley for  an obvious reason. It truly is a piece of paradise. It is the  headwaters of the Yellowstone River, which is one of the longest  undammed rivers in the world. Paradise Valley is flanked on both sides  by legendary mountain ranges: the Gallatins and Absarokas. It is the  gateway to our Nation's first national park, Yellowstone.   These business owners--who ran fly shops, breweries, guide and  outfitter businesses, and dozens of other local hangouts--were relying  on literally hundreds of thousands of visitors to flock to this region  to experience something they can experience nowhere else on Earth. They  were rightly concerned that multiple large-scale mining operations  would put their local economy at risk and, in fact, put them out of  business.   I went in October of 2015 and met with these folks. I listened to  their concerns that these mines would devastate their businesses and  the breathtaking landscape in which they have chosen to live. In that  moment, it was clear to me that the community needed permanent  protection. So I announced my intent to introduce a bill--one of the  bills that is in this lands package that we are taking up here today-- to do exactly that: Provide permanent protection for Paradise Valley.   After months of working together, this bill became known as the  Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act. This bill is a result of  collaboration; it is the result of hard work, and it does exactly what  is in the title. It will protect the gateway to Yellowstone by  permanently eliminating the ability of proposed mines to expand onto  public land near the doorstep of our Nation's first national park,  Yellowstone.   Responsible, natural resource development plays an important role in  Montana's economy, but there are simply some places where you should  not drill or dig, and one of those is at the doorstep of Yellowstone  National Park. By permanently protecting the gateway, we can protect  thousands of jobs and billions of dollars that flow into Montana's  economy every year.   Senator Manchin talked about the impact of the outdoor economy on  West Virginia. We are very much a part of that outdoor economy. Fly  fishermen spend more than $70 million annually at these local  businesses while trying to earn the respect of Yellowstone River's  brown, rainbow, and cutthroat trout. In total, the communities in Park  County see nearly $200 million pumped into their local economy every  year, a trend that continues to rise and rise rapidly.   Quite frankly, if you haven't been there, I will just explain it this  way to you: God doesn't make places like this everywhere. It is a  special place. It is a place so special that the people who live there  understand that it could go away with one bad decision. So we need to  protect it and protect those small businesses and protect that way of  life.   That is why this week, as we pass this lands package that the  Yellowstone Gateway Protection bill is a part of, these business owners  now can sleep at night, knowing that the businesses they have built  over the past many decades will continue and they will be able to  continue to look for the opportunity that God has created into Paradise  Valley.   But this Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act isn't the only provision  that Montanans are fighting for. The Land and Water Conservation Fund  is the best conservation tool this country has. It does a lot of really  good things, including access to public lands, including making sure we  have more of our hunting, fishing, and hiking spots available to folks  who don't have to be millionaires. Since this Land and Water  Conservation Fund was founded some 5 decades ago, LWCF has invested  hundreds of millions of dollars to increase outdoor activities on our  public lands. We have used it to preserve tens of thousands of acres of  the world-class elk habitat in central Montana.   We invested LWCF dollars to increase fishing access sites along the  rivers that Norman McLean made so famous in ``A River Runs Through  It''--the Blackfoot and the Missouri. LWCF is a driver of Montana's  ever-growing, increasing $7 billion-a-year outdoor economy. Best of  all, it is paid for by offshore drilling fees, so it doesn't cost the  taxpayer a dime.   Despite all of this success, the majority has allowed LWCF to expire  twice in the last 4 years. I will tell you that this uncertainty has  taken a toll on Montana's hunters, hikers, anglers, and businesses,  which rely on our Nation's best conservation tool.   This lands package will again guarantee that LWCF will never expire  again. It permanently reauthorizes this very successful initiative, and  it guarantees that Montanans and all Americans have the long-term  ability to expand and protect public access for future generations-- ecosystems that, by the way, may not be around in another 10 or 20  years.   Passing this legislation is a big win for our public lands and for  the outdoor economy, but our work is not done yet. We have more work to  do.   Permanently reauthorizing LWCF is very, very important, but where the  rubber really meets the road is LWCF funding.   LWCF was authorized to receive $900 million some 50 years ago. In the  President's budget last year, he proposed $8 million for LWCF. Remember  what I just said. Over 50 years ago, it was meant to have $900 million.  Last year, the President's budget proposed $8 million--a cut of nearly  a half billion dollars from the previous year.   After Congress rejected that proposal and it appropriated a little  over $400 million for LWCF, nearly every Member of the majority, except  one, right after we put those dollars in, voted to rescind a chunk of  those dollars.   So the fact of the matter is that without mandatory funding, our  public  [[Page S903]]  lands will remain a victim to this political seesaw.   Save for the sake of our public lands, for the sake of our kids, and  for the sake of clean air and clean water, I think this bipartisan  lands package serves as a launching point toward mandatory funding for  LWCF.   I know there is already a bipartisan bill out there that does exactly  that. So I would just say that we have part of the job done. We ought  not to be taking victory laps for doing part of the job. We have more  work to do, and that is to fully fund the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, and, hopefully, we will get a bipartisan effort to do exactly  that because these are important investments. They are investments that  will maintain a quality of life not only today but tomorrow, for future  generations and for them the opportunity to reap the kind of economic  rewards that we do because of the foresight and vision of generations  that came before us.   I yield the floor.   