 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simple. It reflects a  bill that passed the House earlier this year in March by a vote of 404- 21.   I first introduced this bill in the 114th Congress. It was heard by  the Natural Resources Committee, reported out favorably by unanimous  consent. It was then reintroduced in the next Congress by my colleague  Representative Jeff Denham, and it passed the House by voice vote. Then  it was reported by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs in October of  2018. The bill was reintroduced again by me this Congress, and after  passage in this House, it once again was reported out favorably from  the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs just a few weeks ago.   This amendment would take land owned by the Lytton Rancheria in  Sonoma County in my district into trust as part of the Tribe's  reservation for purposes of housing and economic development. It would  permanently prohibit using these lands for casino gaming, and it would  uphold a memorandum of understanding carefully negotiated between the  Tribe and the County of Sonoma. It reflects an exhaustive stakeholder  outreach process, extensive meetings, and negotiations between the  Tribe, Sonoma County, and other local governments.   This productive relationship is illustrated by support from the  Sonoma County Board of Supervisors, who have jurisdiction over the land  in question, and also the nearest local public service agencies,  including the Windsor Fire Protection District and Windsor Unified  School District. Even California Governor Gavin Newsom is in support of  this bill. In fact, there is no elected official in the area that is  impacted by this bill who is on record opposed to the bill.   So I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his concerns.   I won't relitigate the issue of whether the amendment is made in  order. That has been decided. That is why we are here.   With respect to the gentleman's concerns about local individuals who  may have expressed opposition to the bill--and again, there is no  official opposition, no local government agency, no local elected  officials, but some individuals in the area have opposed the bill--I  would just note, in the 115th Congress, when then-Chairman Bishop of  the Natural Resources Committee supported the bill passing out of his  committee and passing on the floor, the committee report itself noted  those same individual voices of opposition.   I will quote: ``Lastly, the committee has received a relatively large  number of communications from the residents of Windsor in opposition to  the bill.''   There is no new opposition to this bill. It is the same individuals,  and it is the same folks who the chairman at the time, himself, noted.   So I would submit, Mr. Chairman, there is nothing new here. This bill  has previously won broad bipartisan support, including from my friend  from Utah, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment was culled out from the en  bloc amendments. I am still not entirely clear why, but I think, to the  extent that it deserves to be singled out and culled out, it is because  it is a model for other land-to-trust bills that we sometimes see in  this body. Rarely will you find a case where a Tribe negotiated more  exhaustively in good faith and produced actual agreements with local  government neighbors to the standard and to the level that we see  in this case.    This is a good piece of legislation broadly supported by the elected  officials in the area and, in many cases, having already won the strong  bipartisan support from Members in both the House and the United States  Senate. I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.   