 Mr. President, I come to the floor to correct the  record concerning statements the President reportedly made yesterday  afternoon when he met with Senate Republicans.   Apparently, in between his efforts to stiff hurricane victims in  Puerto Rico and tear affordable healthcare away from millions of  Americans, the President claimed that Democrats were holding up  ambassadorial nominations in the Senate. Just weeks ago, we heard  similar comments from the Senate majority leader, who claimed that GEN  John Abizaid's nomination to be Ambassador to Saudi Arabia was ``being  held up.''   Let me be clear. No one wants to see the State Department vested with  all the resources it needs to effectively conduct American foreign  policy, including qualified and capable staff, more than I do. We  cannot promote our foreign policy, protect American citizens, advocate  for American businesses, or advance American values without a robust  diplomatic core.   I want all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to know that  each time the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has received  nominations, I have dedicated my time and staff resources to  efficiently and diligently vet and advance these nominations. In the  last Congress, the committee reported 169 nominations. So I reject the  assertion that we have not done our part to ensure that the State  Department is appropriately staffed.   Now let me speak to General Abizaid because no one can honestly claim  that the Foreign Relations Committee has been anything but extremely  diligent and expeditious with this nomination.   With my full support, General Abizaid appeared in the very first  committee nominations hearing of this Congress, and I very much look  forward to voting in favor of his nomination as soon as our chairman-- our Republican chairman--exercises his prerogative and puts him before  the committee for a vote.   As with all nominees, the timing of his consideration by the full  Senate is under the control of the majority leader.   It is clear that President Trump has an inaccurate or dishonest view  of the nominations situation in the Senate and particularly in the  Foreign Relations Committee.   We cannot confirm diplomats we do not have. All too often, the  committee has received nominations late or not at all. The Trump  administration took nearly 2 years before it even bothered to nominate  General Abizaid, leaving a gaping hole in our diplomatic posture to  Saudi Arabia and the region.   To go nearly 2 years without putting forward a nominee is a failure  of leadership, pure and simple. Saudi Arabia's actions over the past 2  years highlight the fact that we need an adult on the ground, which is  why I wholeheartedly support General Abizaid and look forward to what I  hope is his speedy confirmation.   Sadly, Saudi Arabia is not an isolated example. It took even longer-- more than 2 years--for the Trump administration to nominate a candidate  to be U.S. Ambassador to Turkey. Astonishingly enough, it was only this  week that the President sent up an ambassadorial nominee for Mexico. We  are now 26 months into the Trump administration, and we still lack  ambassadorial nominees to critical countries such as Egypt, Pakistan,  and our close ally, Jordan.   Let's be clear. This is the President's reckless abdication of a  constitutional responsibility essential to projecting American power  abroad. When you don't nominate someone, President Trump has only  himself to blame.   Furthermore, there is unfortunately another severe problem that we  cannot ignore with regard to the administration's nominees. When the  Trump administration repeatedly fails to appropriately vet political  nominations, Congress must exercise appropriate oversight. The  President has nominated and renominated individuals with restraining  orders for threats of violence; people who made material omissions,  sometimes on a repeated basis, in their nomination materials; people  who tweeted and retweeted vile things about Senators and their families  and who have engaged in incidents that should, frankly, mean they  should never have been nominated.   One nominee attacked my late colleague and good friend Senator John  [[Page S2023]]  McCain, claiming that John McCain, an American hero, was rolling ``out  the welcome mat for ISIS on America's southern border.'' But  unfortunately we know that attacking McCain does not cross any redlines  for this President.   Another nominee has claimed, with no evidence, that Senator Cruz's  wife is part of a sinister cabal seeking to combine the Governments of  Canada, Mexico, and the United States. This nominee called Hillary  Clinton a ``terrorist with amnesia'' and retweeted someone calling  Senator Romney a ``dumbass.''   You can't make this stuff up.   Senator Sasse's office said that nominee should ``put on his tinfoil  hat and visit our office with evidence for his salacious conspiracy  theories and cuckoo allegations'' and went on to observe that ``People  who want to serve Americans as our diplomats and spokespersons abroad  should know that words and truth matter, even during campaigns. Cynics  and nuts are probably going to have a hard time securing Senate  confirmation.'' I couldn't agree with him more.   Yet the President thought highly enough of this individual and lowly  enough of the U.S. Senate that he nominated him for an ambassadorship  in two successive Congresses.   Another ambassadorial nominee was the subject of a temporary  restraining order after she left a bullet-ridden target practice sheet  on her doctor's chair.   Again, you cannot make this up.   As for being unresponsive to committee requirements for all nominees,  I can understand that nominees may accidentally leave off a few  businesses they were involved in, but we had one nominee who failed to  inform the committee of dozens of businesses and another nominee who,  even more egregiously, failed to mention multiple lawsuits he was  involved in, including one in which he was alleged to have fired a  female employee who complained of sexual harassment. Given the nature  and frequency of these omissions, it is hard to believe they were  unintentional.   So when the White House, either through negligence or incompetence,  sends us unvetted, unqualified nominees--incapable and oftentimes  offensive--my staff and I exercise due diligence on behalf of the  American people.   To make this crystal clear, the President can speed up this process.  All he has to do is start nominating Americans with appropriate  credentials and honorable conduct in their careers. It is not rocket  science.   The United States and our allies continue to face tremendous  challenges around the world. We must continue to lead on the  international stage and work in collaboration with international  partners to achieve our shared security goals. But to have our  diplomats in place, they must be nominated in a timely fashion and  vetted properly. That is what the real holdup here is--not Senate  Democrats. And I refuse to let the President point the finger at us  when he should be pointing the finger at himself.   I yield the floor.   (Mr. SCOTT of Florida assumed the Chair.)   