 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for almost a week, the Senate has been  considering an urgent priority: aid funding for communities across the  country that have been literally ravaged by natural disasters, like  last year's powerful hurricane season, which carried torrential  downpours and gale-force winds across the coasts of Florida and the  Carolinas and left families sorting through literally billions of  dollars of damage; the fierce wildfires that consumed millions of acres  in California and across the West, damaging or destroying tens of  thousands of homes and businesses in their path; the tornadoes that  tore through communities in East Alabama and West Georgia; and the  heavy rains and flooding that impacted part of Kentucky.   As Puerto Rico continues to get back on its feet following Hurricane  Maria, an especially urgent concern today is funding for the nutrition  assistance program. Hundreds of thousands of residents have already  felt the impacts of dwindling food aid on the island. Preventing  further serious reductions will take prompt Federal action. Even as we  speak, communities across the Midwest are still underwater, trying to  combat the severe floods that washed away homes and livelihoods.   From coast to coast and beyond, we have Americans rebuilding their  communities, their local infrastructure, their livelihoods, and in some  cases their own homes. Here in Congress, it is time to finish the good  work our colleagues from Georgia have started and pass legislation to  provide a helping hand.   I was encouraged last week when 90 Senators took the first step and  allowed the full Senate to turn to disaster funding on the floor. Yet  it has been unsettling to hear behind the scenes that our Democratic  colleagues may now be toying with the idea of opposing Chairman  Shelby's comprehensive substitute amendment.   This is no time for our colleagues across the aisle to prioritize a  political fight with the President ahead of the urgent needs of  communities across our country. Chairman Shelby has carefully assembled  a comprehensive proposal that our Democratic friends ought to jump at  the chance to support. It ensures that no affected region would be left  behind. That includes $600 million to immediately shore up disaster  nutrition assistance for the vulnerable people in Puerto Rico.   Unlike the underlying House bill, which does not address this year's  disasters, it would provide for a significant downpayment on relief and  rebuilding in the flood-damaged Midwest. The House bill has nothing for  the Midwest flooding, so it is a nonstarter for that reason and also  because the White House has indicated the President would not support  that legislation because of policy decisions made by House Democrats.   Chairman Shelby's amendment is the only game in town. It is our only  sure path to making a law with anywhere near the urgency these  Americans deserve; it is the only bill on the table with any provision  for the Midwest flooding; and it is the only bill on the table that  could earn a Presidential signature in time to deliver urgent relief on  the nutrition assistance needed in Puerto Rico.   In my view, this does not need to be a difficult partisan decision.  Indeed, I can hardly put it better than my Democratic colleagues  explained it themselves just a few weeks ago. As recently as the end of  February, 11 of our Democratic colleagues wrote to all 4 congressional  leaders to insist that this subject could not wait. They said:  ``Providing desperately needed relief to impacted communities should be  a bipartisan, bicameral priority and continued inaction is  unacceptable.''   They said Congress had to fund disaster recovery and rebuilding  ``immediately.''   Well, this afternoon, our colleagues will have the opportunity to  make good on their words and vote to advance Chairman Shelby's  legislation. It is our way to help all the affected communities,  including the Midwest, which the House bill would simply leave behind.   It is our path to securing hundreds of millions in nutrition aid for  Puerto Rico and doing so promptly. It is our shot at exactly the kind  of bipartisan action that a number of our Democratic colleagues have  actually been clamoring for, so let's vote to advance it later today.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I move to reconsider the vote.    Mr. President, I enter a motion to reconsider the  vote.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 8.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 32.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 133, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  President of the Senate be authorized to appoint a committee on the  part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the  House of Representatives to escort His Excellency Jens Stoltenberg,  Secretary-General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, into the  House Chamber for the joint meeting on Wednesday, April 3, 2019.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  April 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be  deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  morning business be closed, and the Senate resume consideration of the  motion to proceed to S. Res. 50, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally  divided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that the  Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly  conference meetings.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order following the remarks of Senators Isakson and  Perdue.   