 Mr. President, every year, Americans make nearly 3  billion trips to the drugstore, pharmacies, convenience stores to pick  up over-the-counter products such as allergy medicines, children's  cough syrup, or simple pain medicines such as aspirin.   As the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee was  working on the 21st Century Cures Act in 2016, I asked Janet Woodcock,  the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the Food  and Drug Administration: Are there any changes that really need to be  made in the FDA's law? This is a train--referring to the 21st century  cures legislation--that is likely to get to the station. If you have  something that really needs to be done for the benefit of American  consumers that you haven't been able to get done, tell us what it is,  and we will put it on the train.   Well, Ms. Woodcock, who has been at the FDA for a while, came back to  me and said the over-the-counter monograph.   Now, what that means is these are the rules that govern how all drugs  sold in pharmacies, other than prescription drugs, are approved--the  allergy medicines, the cough syrups, the simple pain medicines. Those  haven't been changed since the 1970s, nearly 50 years ago.   Today the Senate, after all that time, nearly a half century, will  modernize these rules by passing legislation proposed by Senator  Isakson and  [[Page S6919]]  Senator Casey. It is called the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety,  Innovation and Reform Act.   I am sure it will get a big vote of approval, and like a lot of other  very important things that are done in the Senate that are very, very  difficult to do, it will look easy.   It hasn't been easy. It has taken a long time--nearly a half century.  It was the one thing that the FDA said we just can't get done. That was  in 2016, 3 years ago, and now Senator Isakson and Senator Casey are  getting it done.   It is the most important law affecting the safety, innovation, and  cost of over-the-counter drugs since the 1970s.   It is a great testament to Senator Isakson's leadership and  legislative skill. He, of course, is leaving the Senate at the end of  this year, and this is a fitting tribute to his work.   In the same way, I thank Senator Casey of Pennsylvania for his  excellent work, in bipartisan fashion, with Senator Isakson on this  bill. They both deserve great credit and thanks for getting this update  across the finish line. It may look easy, but what they have done is  something that hasn't been changed for nearly a half century and that  the Food and Drug Administration said was the one thing that needed to  be done to help consumers to affect the availability, the safety, the  cost, and the innovation of drugs that are sold across the counter that  are not prescription drugs.   I yield the floor.   