 Madam Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 271. This  resolution, I would say to the minority leader, is a statement. It is a  statement by Democrats of our position on the Affordable Care Act.   It is not surprising to me that they would not want the facts to be  before the American people. That is what this resolution is about.   On day one of his administration, President Obama announced he would  address the critical need for affordable healthcare for millions of  uninsured Americans.   He reminded us that nearly 50 million Americans were uninsured. Low- income, childless adults could not benefit from Medicaid.   Millions of seniors were not fully benefiting from prescription drug  benefits under Medicare part D because of the doughnut hole.   He told us that parents needed insurance on their children to age 26.   And finally, Madam Speaker, President Obama stressed that insurance  companies were increasing premiums and not providing quality coverage,  and they were discriminating based on preexisting conditions, high  copays, and higher deductibles.   After much debate, we passed ObamaCare. It has made a difference in  health accessibility and health outcomes. It is not a perfect solution,  but it has impacted millions of lives.   We want to make ObamaCare better; we want to make it more affordable.  I would say to my friend from Oregon, with bipartisan cooperation, we  can do that, and we can do it effectively.   But Republicans have repeatedly tried to legislate ObamaCare out of  existence with no replacement. This Congress has repeatedly said ``no''  to any repeal.   On February 26 of last year, Republican plaintiffs filed a lawsuit in  the Northern District of Texas contending that the minimum essential  coverage provision is unconstitutional, and, since Republicans removed  the mandate penalty, the entire law is unconstitutional. That was their  claim.   Three months later, Attorney General Sessions announced that the  Trump administration wouldn't defend the minimum essential coverage  claim and that the Trump administration would argue that preexisting  conditions protections should be invalidated. However, the Trump  administration said that the remaining parts of the law could be  severed or separated and the law could remain intact.    The Court heard the case and, as we all know, the Affordable Care Act  was declared to be unconstitutional. It is now on appeal.   On March 28 of this year, President Trump changed his position. On  appeal, he is now aligning with the Republican plaintiffs and thumbing  his nose, Madam Speaker, thumbing his nose again at this Congress.   The Affordable Care Act, as the Speaker said a few moments ago, is  the law of the land, and Republicans are refusing to defend it.   Protection of preexisting conditions is the law of the land, Mr.  President.   The final insult came this morning when President Trump confirmed  that he will ask the higher courts to throw out the entire law and that  he will have a replacement ready the day after the election. I am  outraged, and so should the American people be.   