 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of this en bloc  package.   My amendment highlights the positive work done by public universities  and law schools offering pro bono legal services for our Nation's  veterans.   As the ranking member of the Disability Assistance and Memorial  Affairs Subcommittee, I understand that putting together a proper  application for disability benefits can be difficult at times.   In my district, Southern Illinois University Carbondale School of Law  offers assistance to veterans when appealing disability claims. The  program has helped thousands of these heroes and increases the chances  for the veterans receiving positive responses in a timely manner.   I thank the chair and ranking member for including this in the en  bloc package, and I urge its support.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment in  support of the President's executive order entitled ``Strengthening  Buy-American Preferences for Infrastructure Projects.''   When Federal agencies spend tax dollars, those dollars should be  spent on American-made products. This not only includes items directly  procured by the Federal Government but, also, those funded through  Federal aid programs.   Each year, the Federal Government will spend hundreds of billions of  dollars procuring goods and services. Many billions more will be  provided directly to States to build our Nation's military  infrastructure.   Unfortunately, buy-American preference requirements are not  consistently applied between various agencies. This may result in the  loss of jobs and missing contract opportunities for American businesses  and workers.   To address these potential shortfalls, the President's executive  order directs agency heads to identify opportunities to maximize the  use of American-made products.   I strongly support those efforts. Federal agencies should already be  following this executive order, and my amendment would simply reinforce  the President's efforts.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentlewoman's support of the  amendment. I also support the cosponsorship from Congressman  Dan  Lipinski and his support of these efforts as well.   Madam Chair, with that, I yield back the balance of my time.   