 Mr. Chairman, every day in kitchens and living rooms  all across America, working men and women sit down and try to figure  out how to pay for their prescription drugs. That is because 25 percent  of the people in this country can't afford the medicine they have been  prescribed.   Seniors are choosing between COPD and their the groceries. People  with cancer are being forced to delay their treatment, cut pills in  half, or even forgo treatment altogether. This is happening in the  richest, most powerful nation in the history of the world. It is a  disgrace.   If government is going to work for the people, then the people who  serve in government need to end this crisis, and Democrats are  committed to doing just that. We are taking on the big pharmaceutical  companies and their lobbyists, and we are going to get the job done.   That is why I am proud that my legislation, the CREATES Act, is  included in this legislative package. The CREATES Act will save  taxpayers $3.9 billion, according to the CBO, and bring down the cost  of some prescription drugs by as much as 85 percent.   The CREATES Act does this by directly addressing the abusive delay  tactics that big drug companies use to block or delay generic  competitors from entering the market.   Over the past decade, some of the biggest drug companies have abused  regulatory protocols so they can prevent the sale of affordable drugs.  This lets them maintain their control of the marketplace, pull in  monopoly profits, and keep their prices at inflated levels.   If it is signed into law, the CREATES Act will create a tailored path  for generic drug competitors to obtain the samples that are necessary  for regulatory approval of their lower cost formulations.    I am proud that this bill is not only backed by many of our  colleagues, but it also has the support of a diverse coalition of  healthcare providers, patient groups, and public interest  organizations, including AARP and Public Citizen. And I am proud it is  included in this package today.   The majority leader in the Senate likes to describe himself as the  grim reaper for Democratic legislative proposals. I hope that won't be  the case here. He needs to put the interests of the American people  ahead of his obsession with fighting Democrats every step of the way.   The CREATES Act and these other proposals that are contained in this  package deserve an up-or-down vote in the United States Senate. The  American people deserve relief from these outrageous prescription drug  prices, and this legislation will achieve that.   