 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we just celebrated Veterans Day here in  the Senate, back home, and across our great country in the States that  all of us represent. Everybody was celebrating our troops, our  military, and supporting their families.   You hear that word ``support'' a lot when it comes to Veterans Day  and our military and their families, but I am going to talk a little  bit about that rhetoric. That is great. Senators talk a lot. But that  is very disconnected from what actually is going on in the Senate right  now and what is happening in terms of the action of supporting our  troops.   I came to the floor a couple of weeks ago to talk about this. I was  pretty fired up. I am someone who is very collegial with my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle, but the one thing I have noticed is that  there is talk on supporting troops and then there is action. The  rhetoric, particularly with my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, doesn't always match what is actually happening.    I would like to explain to my constituents at home, the American  people, and anyone watching what is happening right now with regard to  supporting our troops--the action, not rhetoric--the action. Two weeks  ago, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle filibustered the  Defense appropriations bill. That is the bill that funds our troops. We  had a big budget deal. We all agreed to it.   It is hard to vote for it. I voted for it because it actually  supports rebuilding our military pretty significantly after the Obama- era cuts. I voted for that.   We are starting to bring up these minibus appropriations. We had one  a couple of weeks ago. We debated and voted on it. The plan was to  bring up the Defense approps bill. What did my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle do? They filibustered it. It was the ninth time since  I have been in the Senate that my colleagues decided to filibuster the  spending for our troops. There is no other bill in the body of the  Senate that the Democrats filibuster more than the bill that funds our  troops. They don't want you to know that. They don't go home and brag  about it because they should be ashamed about it, but that is what they  did.   Despite this budget deal and despite all of this great support for  our troops, right now, my colleagues, for the ninth time since I have  been a Senator, which is 5 years--nine times they filibustered the  spending for the men and women who serve in the military. I ask the  leaders to come out and explain that to the American people. Explain  that to the press. Explain that to the people watching on TV. They  don't. I think most of my colleagues don't want to do it, but they are  told to do it because their leadership wants another priority. That is  what is happening.   They talk about supporting our troops, but then the action is that we  [[Page S6530]]  are actually not supporting our troops at all. We are keeping funding  away from them because we are trying to leverage the desire to support  our military and a Defense appropriations bill for other political  goals. This has happened nine times.   There is no other bill since I have been elected to the Senate that  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle filibuster more. When they  want leverage on a nonmilitary issue, they filibuster spending for the  troops. I would welcome some of my colleagues to come and explain why  they do that. That is one issue.   Another issue is not my colleagues in the Senate, but it is certainly  the Democrats on the other side of Capitol Hill. We are now debating  the National Defense Authorization Act--the NDAA, as we call it. This  is the heartbeat of the Congress. Why? It has passed this body 58 years  in a row. That is the closest thing we have to a guarantee in this  body. Members--Democrats and Republicans--come together, and we set  forward--coming out of the Armed Services Committee, on which I sit-- the NDAA, which oversees, reforms, and authorizes important programs  for our national defense and sets spending authorization for the entire  military. Again, this process is normally very bipartisan, and it has  been and continues to be in the Senate.   I give Chairman Inhofe, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee,  my good friend from Oklahoma, and Senator Reed from Rhode Island, the  ranking member, enormous credit for getting a bill that came out of  committee 25 to 2. That is very bipartisan. Then, when it came to the  Senate floor, it was 86 to 8. OK. That is the Senate saying: Hey, this  is really important. We are going to take care of our military. We are  going to lay out the policies and the topline numbers for rebuilding  our military after the massive cuts from 2010 to 2015. So that is  positive.   Why am I complaining about it? Well, that bill right now on the House  side, as we have gone into conference, is stuck. It is stuck. Many of  the more extreme Members on the House side, who really aren't big  supporters of the military--let's call a spade a spade--are now not  allowing us to move forward on any kind of compromise in the broader  NDAA as we move into conference.   There are provisions that are very important to the military that  this body strongly supported in a bipartisan way, but right now,  because of what is going on in the House--the leadership in the House,  which seems to be a lot more focused on other issues and not the  national security of our Nation, is not moving forward on any  compromise. Who does this benefit? Well, it certainly doesn't help our  troops. It certainly doesn't help our military. It certainly doesn't  help their families. I can guarantee you, whether it is our adversaries  or potential adversaries--Russia, China, North Korea, or Iran--as they  are watching the stalemate on the NDAA, they are very pleased.   This is something we need to come together and address. I am asking  the chairman of the Armed Services Committee over on the House side,  Chairman Adam Smith, and others to work with the Senate, work with  Chairman Inhofe, work with Senator Reed on getting to the compromises  we all know we need to move this bill for the fifth year in a row to  support our military. We think that should be based on the Senate bill.   When you have 86 Senators vote for something--a superbipartisan  majority--that should be the basis for compromise. But it is stalled.  The chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Chairman Inhofe, has done  a great job. He is a very patient man. He and Senator Reed, the ranking  member on the Armed Services Committee, are frustrated. We are  frustrated. The troops are frustrated. We don't have much time to  waste.   Again, I would like to conclude by saying that there is a lot of  rhetoric here. There is a lot of rhetoric about supporting our troops.  But what we need is action. By the way, I think a lot of times my  colleagues are like, well, you know the men and women in the military  are not really watching this. They don't really know that my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle have filibustered the funding for what  they need nine times in the last 4\1/2\ years--nine times. It is  disgraceful, in my view. People think, well, they are not really  watching what is going on with the NDAA, how the extreme elements of  the Democratic Party and the House side are making sure there is no  compromise so that we can't move this bill. Guess what. They are  watching. They know this.   When they don't get support from the Congress of the United States,  it is a problem for our military, not just in terms of the resources  they need but in terms of morale. I am going to ask my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle: The next time you go home and give speeches  about supporting our troops, supporting our families, do me a favor.  Don't come back to this body and filibuster their spending or, for the  Members of the House, don't stake out such obstinate positions that you  know there is going to be no compromise on an NDAA bill that is really  important to our military and has strong bipartisan support in this  body.   I know some of my other colleagues are going to be on the floor  talking about this NDAA issue, talking about the Defense appropriations  issue. Again, let's match the rhetoric we all talked about with regard  to Veterans Day--about supporting our troops--with action on the floor,  not just hot air and words.   