 Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment as the designee of Mr.  Burgess.    Mr. Chairman, again, I am offering this amendment on  behalf of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Burgess).   This amendment requires the Export-Import Bank to take into  consideration energy affordability, in addition to environmental  impact, before approving transactions. It further requires the Export- Import Bank to report on how transactions impact the cost of energy in  the importing country and the estimated emissions reductions caused by  Bank-financed exports.   Clean energy sources from nonrenewable sources, such as hydrogen,  nuclear, and natural gas, are just as important to lowering emissions  as renewable energy. The bill, as written, only focuses on renewable  energy sources, but we should also promote nonrenewable clean energy  sources such as nuclear, hydrogen, and natural gas.  [[Page H8862]]    If emissions reductions are the goal, Federal policies must focus on  total performance and not favor one technology over the other. In the  developing world, affordable, clean energy will give people more  opportunity for a better life when expensive alternatives are  unaffordable.   I urge passage of this amendment to ensure that energy affordability,  energy efficiency, and clean energy remain an important component of  our export policy.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to my colleague, I  don't think he understands my amendment.   Nuclear energy has zero emissions. Hydrogen has zero emissions.  Natural gas has much-reduced emissions compared to coal.   The advantage of nuclear energy is it is always on. Renewable is not  always on.   This is a chance to give the importing companies a chance to have  clean energy, affordable energy, and to be able to advance their  economies using U.S. know-how and technology, which leads in several of  these areas.   I urge a ``yea'' vote for my amendment because it is the right thing  to do if we really care about emissions reduction, affordability around  the world, and being able to export the United States' leading  technology and clean energy.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   