 Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill here was made in regular  order, and many amendments were considered, including the amendment we  just voted on. It is an amendment that does keep children safe. In  fact, the way to make a mistake here and ensure that the safety of our  children is in jeopardy would be to defeat this underlying bill.   This underlying bill does what we were sent here to do. It takes an  excellent government program which provides childcare to tens of  thousands of veterans and their families. It takes a program that works  and says we are going to double down when the Veterans Administration  does the right thing and people are satisfied; we will continue that  program.   Instead, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to  interrupt a great program, and when they could have made an amendment  yesterday or when they could introduce new legislation, they want to  sideline this successful program that takes care of children.   We had one veteran tell us that this was the best benefit they had  been extended in exchange for their service since 1992 and that their  child loves the childcare program at the VA, loves the children that  they are included with and the people who watch over them while their  parent can get treatment. There are tens of thousands of people out  there like them.   Mr. Speaker, the motto of the Veterans Administration came from  President Lincoln himself. He dared us to strive on, to finish the work  we are in, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his  widow and his orphan--in other words, to take care of the entire  family.   This is about family, and through the amendment process, we have made  sure that no one will provide childcare to these children who is in  serious trouble. We are doing our job. We will continue to strive on.  There is no reason to get in the way of this excellent bill.   Mr. Speaker, I have learned a lot in my past year of being here. One  important thing that I have learned is that we can always update the  references we have made. I have quoted President Lincoln, but my  colleague from New York (Mr. Jeffries) is also fond of making more  contemporary references.   There is one that occurred to me today as I thought about the message  of this bill. As the Pittsburgh Pirates were racing toward the World  Series in 1979, they adopted as their slogan the words of the disco  stars Sister Sledge: ``We are family.''   Mr. Speaker, that is what this bill is about. We are family. We will  take care of the veterans, and we will take care of their children. We  are family. Now get up everybody and vote against this MTR and for the  underlying bill.   