 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Granger for the  time but also for her important leadership on this important bill.   I thank Chairwoman Lowey for her continuous work and leadership in  seeking common ground on this continuing resolution.   Mr. Speaker, as Ranking Member Granger noted, we find ourselves in a  difficult position today, so we are deliberating a continuing  resolution instead of passing full-year appropriations. It is  important, though, that we follow our constitutional duty to maintain  government operations.   This bill will keep the government open. It will support essential  public policies, and it will minimize the drama in the budgetary  process.   One of our constraints is that the Senate did just start marking up  its bills, as has been noted, last week.   Mr. Speaker, I will focus my comments on the agricultural portion of  the bill. On a positive note, in that regard, the Senate Appropriations  Committee's Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee passed its bill out  of the full committee just this morning.   Until the majority leader decides to bring the Agriculture  appropriations bill to the floor, and it passes, we have no option  other than to wait for the bill to move through the process. Until that  time, Chairman Bishop and I will be ready to start conferencing the  Agriculture appropriations bills with our Senate colleagues.  [[Page H7795]]    We look forward to House and Senate leadership decisions on the  respective allocations for each of these individual appropriations  bills, and on that note, I would strongly recommend that the House and  Senate leaders keep in mind the critical needs of the agricultural and  rural communities, as well as food and medical product safety, when  arriving at the final number for allocations.   As ranking member of the Appropriations Committee's Agriculture,  Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, I was surprised to learn that in the initial draft of  this bill, it would have halted desperately needed payments to our  farmers and ranchers in rural communities.   The White House had requested an anomaly, consistent with prior  years, that the continuing resolution carry a noncontroversial  provision to reestablish the funding mechanism for farm bill programs  that support conservation, risk mitigation, as well as temporary trade  payments to farmers and ranchers so hurt by unjustified retaliatory  tariffs. The majority did recognize the harm of not including this  provision, and for that, I am very grateful.   I would like to make a plea to keep farmers and ranchers out of any  political disputes. America's farmers are hurting, and now is the time  for further bipartisan solidarity.   Second, Mr. Speaker, this bill corrects an oversight in the disaster  spending bill to help sugar beet farmers in the Midwest. These  hardworking farmers have been devastated by 2 years of flooding, and  they do deserve equal assistance to others who have faced unprecedented  damage to their crops and their livelihoods due to extreme weather  events.   Mr. Speaker, I support this continuing resolution. Let's keep working  hard to finish the rest of the job.   