 Mr. President, I urge the Senate to take up legislation  to require universal and complete background checks for individuals  seeking to purchase a gun. I am pleased that the House recently passed  this legislation, and it is well past time for the Senate to act.   Rarely has a month gone by without a mass shooting, and many  communities are ravaged daily by gun violence that does not make the  news headlines. Individuals have used firearms to take countless  innocent lives in concerts, churches, and even elementary schools. By  now, these incidents are etched in our memories: Santa Fe, Parkland,  Las Vegas, Orlando, San Bernardino, Sandy Hook, Pittsburgh, and  Thousand Oaks.   In Maryland we saw tragedies that occurred in the Capital Gazette  office in Annapolis. We, as a nation, must act to stem the tide of  bloodshed and the hatred that drives it. We cannot allow such massacres  to become routine in our society.   We have the ability to end the tragic cycle of violence, but it will  require us to come together in full urgency and honesty. I know we can  protect innocent Americans from further senseless gun violence while  still protecting the constitutional rights enjoyed for hunting and  self-defense. Through commonsense gun safety reforms that would make  background checks more efficient and close loopholes, I am confident we  can do just that.   Let me start with a little history, as provided by the Brady  Campaign. The Gun Control Act of 1968 established a framework for  legally prohibiting certain categories of people from possessing  firearms. The list of prohibited persons has grown over the years and  now includes categories such as felons, fugitives, domestic abusers,  and those found by the court or other tribunal to be seriously mentally  ill.   Only in 1993, with the passage of the Brady Handgun Violence  Prevention Act, did Congress provide the public with a presale process  for checking whether a prospective firearm purchaser is legally able to  purchase the firearm.   Since the Brady Law took effect, it has blocked more than 3 million  prohibited gun sales and processed over 278 million purchase requests.  When someone goes to a federally licensed dealer to buy a gun, the  retailer contacts the FBI to run a background check. The FBI checks the  National Instant Criminal Background Check System to see if they are a  convicted felon, fugitive, domestic abuser, or other prohibited  purchaser.   If the system reveals that the buyer is legally barred from owning a  gun, then, the sale is denied. Simply put, the Brady Law prevents guns  from getting into the hands of dangerous individuals.   The Brady Law has blocked more than 3 million gun sales to prohibited  buyers, helping to save countless lives, but the law doesn't apply to  all gun sales. Instead, only Federal firearm licensees approved by the  Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives are required to  conduct background checks on gun sales. The Brady Act background check  requirement applies only to licensed dealers, allowing transactions  conducted by private, unlicensed sellers to be completed without any  check. Private, unlicensed sellers need not conduct any check under  current law.   However, the Brady Law was enacted before the rise of the internet.  America has changed, and our Nation's gun laws need to change with it.  Today, unlicensed gun sales made online and unregulated and unchecked  contributed to one out of every five gun sales. That is simply wrong.  Those sales can avoid the background check.   Passing legislation to expand background checks to nearly every gun  sale, including those conducted online at gun shows and through private  transfers, should be the top priority in Congress for commonsense gun  safety legislation to save lives.   It is long past time to expand lifesaving Brady background checks to  every gun sale. The public agrees. A 2018 study showed that 97 percent  of Americans support expanding background checks--97 percent. We don't  get any higher than that.   The Senate should follow the lead of the House, which recently passed  the legislation to expand criminal background checks. In the Senate, I  cosponsored S. 42, the Background Check Expansion Act. This bill, which  passed the House, would expand Federal background check requirements to  include the sale or transfer of all firearms by private sellers, just  as licensed dealers are required to conduct under the existing Brady  Law.   The bill requires background checks for sales or transfers of all  firearms from one party to another, even if the party is not a  federally licensed dealer. This requirement extends to all unlicensed  sellers, whether they do business online, at gun shows, or out of their  home.   According to the Brady Campaign, in any given year in the United  States, more than 120,000 Americans are shot in murders, assaults,  suicides and suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, or police  actions. Of these, 35,000 result in death. Over 17,000 of those injured  or killed are children and teens. On average, 34 people in America are  murdered on account of gun violence every single day.   Mass shootings often shine the spotlight on the United States and its  position as a global outlier. The number of firearms available to  American civilians is estimated to be at around 310 million, according  to the National Institute of Justice. According to the Small Arms  Survey, the exact number of civilian-owned firearms is impossible to  pinpoint because of a variety of factors, including arms that go  unregistered, the illegal trade, and global conflict. However,  estimates indicate that Americans own nearly half of the 650 million  civilian-owned guns in the world today. Half are here in the United  States. Our Nation is well armed.    Americans own the most guns per person in the world, with about 4 in  10 saying they either own a gun or live in a home with guns, according  to the 2017 Pew Center study, and 48 percent of Americans say they grew  up in a House with guns. According to the survey, a majority, 66  percent, of U.S. gun owners own multiple firearms.   The No. 2 country for the world's largest gun-owning population per  capita is Yemen, a country that is in the throes of a years-long civil  conflict,  [[Page S1729]]  and they trail significantly behind us. They have 54 guns per 100; we  are at 88 guns owned per 100.   When it comes to gun massacres, the United States is an anomaly.  There are more public mass shootings in America than in any other  country in the world. The United States makes up less than 5 percent of  the world's population but holds 31 percent of global mass shooters. In  Australia, for example, four mass shootings occurred between 1987 and  1996. They decided to do something about that so they passed sensible  gun safety legislation. Australia has not had a mass shooting since  then.   Gun homicide rates are about 25 times higher in the United States  than other developed countries. According to the recent study of the  American Journal of Medicine, the United States has one of the highest  rates of death by firearm in the developed world, according to the  World Health Organization data. The calculations based on the OECD data  from 2010 showed that Americans are 51 times more likely to be killed  by gunfire than people in the United Kingdom. We need to do something  about this. We can't sit idly by.   Congress should act today to close the so-called Charleston loophole.  The Senate should once again follow the House's lead here. A  particularly tragic example of the consequences of this loophole was  the racist hate crime murder of nine people at the Emanuel African  Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, SC, that occurred in 2015. In  that tragedy, the shooter was not legally allowed to possess a firearm  due to drug charges but still was able to acquire his gun from a  licensed dealer who made the decision to transfer, after the current 3- business day period expired, despite not having received a definitive  response from the background check system.   Unfortunately, the sale to the shooter after 3 days fell into what is  known as the default proceed sale, and this was not an isolated  incident. Since 1994, gun sellers proceeded with between 3,000 and  4,000 such sales every year simply because the information has not  gotten back on the background check.   I would note that in most cases, a licensed gun dealer receives  notification from the system about a prospective buyer within a few  minutes. In less than 10 percent of the cases, the examination may  require additional time to complete the background check if the  information the transferee provided is incomplete, inaccurate, or  otherwise defective. Under current law, a licensed gun dealer  conducting a background check on a prospective purchaser may sell the  firearm to the purchaser after 3 business days, even if they have not  received a reply in regard to the background check. This is wrong, and  Congress should change the rule as the House has done.   I agree gun laws alone cannot solve the problem, but gun laws will  make a difference. Yes, there is no single answer, but we should be  united in our willingness to do what we can to save lives.   I agree with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that we must  devote more resources to mental health priorities to identify young  people who may be about to cause harm to themselves or others. Let's  attack this problem from multiple directions. We cannot raise our hands  in the air and give up because there is no one law that can solve the  problem.   Sitting on the sidelines is not an option when our children are being  killed--sometimes by other children--and surrendering to the false  logic that the problem is too big to address falls well short of what  the American people deserve. We were sent to our Nation's capital to  make tough decisions and to do the right thing.   The American public is letting their voices be heard on this issue.  Thoughts and prayers might console the grieving for a moment, but  action speaks louder and will have lasting impact.   From my hometown of Baltimore to many towns across America that have  had their names in the headlines because of gun-related tragedies or  mass shootings, people are calling on Congress to act.   What we are proposing are logical next steps to address the deadly  problem that has been festering in this country far too long. Too many  lives have been lost. Let's do the right thing in the Senate and  immediately take up legislation to require universal and completed  background checks for individuals seeking to purchase a gun.   I yield the floor.   