 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak on my amendment  encouraging the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve veteran  credit reporting and to implement important financial protections for  our veterans.   I thank the bipartisan cosponsors of this amendment, Representative  Axne from Iowa, Representatives Gonzalez and Stivers from Ohio,  Representative Barr from Kentucky, and Representative Allred from  Texas.   Congress created the Veterans Choice Program to respond to  inexcusable wait time delays for veterans receiving medical care at VA  facilities. The Choice program allowed veterans to access non-VA  medical facilities, providing for faster options in receiving necessary  medical care.   While veterans saw increased access to healthcare, their financial  health took a hit as the VA and third-party providers failed to process  payments in a timely fashion and actually made billing errors,  resulting in negative credit reporting for our veterans even though  those payments were often not the responsibility of the veteran.   My amendment encourages the VA to make good on legislation that was  enacted last year to ensure that these credit reporting errors are  fixed.   This legislation establishes a process in which veterans can dispute  negatively reported credit scores due to VA billing mishaps. It also  requires credit bureaus to remove information related to a veteran's  fully paid or settled medical debt that has been characterized as  delinquent, charged off, or in collection. This program will ensure our  veterans are not financially inhibited because of government error.   The VA was tasked with establishing a database and process to verify  whether a medical debt is related to the billing errors and filing  mishaps within a year of enactment. This 1-year grace period allowed  the VA to establish a program to check medical debts, verify debt  accuracy, and provide a solution for our veterans. However, the VA  missed that 1-year period at the end of last month.   My amendment is simple. It simply instructs the VA to submit to  Congress an implementation plan, including expected timeline and  resource requirements for the VA to come into compliance with the law  and to establish these important protections for our veterans.   Good credit for our veterans is the difference between qualifying for  a home loan or not. It is the difference between investing in their  education, being able to buy a car, or qualifying for a small business  loan.   This important issue cannot wait. Our Nation's veterans should not be  punished because of government billing errors. They deserve better,  which is why I encourage a ``yes'' on my bipartisan amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I encourage Members to support this  bipartisan amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   