 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3253, which  takes several important steps to strengthen the Medicaid program; and I  thank my friends and colleagues, Representatives Dingell and Guthrie,  for this legislation.   I am especially pleased that the bill includes a piece of bipartisan  legislation I authored, along with my colleague from Vermont,  Congressman Welch.   Our legislation broadens the authority of Medicaid Fraud Control  Units to better protect the most vulnerable and bring bad actors to  justice.   Medicaid Fraud Control Units are charged with investigating and  prosecuting State Medicaid provider fraud and resident abuse complaints  in Medicaid-funded healthcare facilities. Nationally, these units  contributed to 2,500 convictions and $1.8 billion in recovered funds in  2017 alone. They are a vital instrument of justice for protecting  Medicaid beneficiaries from abuse.   However, current law prevents these units from investigating cases of  patient abuse in noninstitutional settings, such as home-based care. It  doesn't make sense.   Our committee has heard from States that have had to turn a blind eye  to cases of abuse simply because the abuse occurred in a  noninstitutional setting. This arbitrary restriction simply does not  make sense.   There has been substantial growth in home and community-based  services  [[Page H4709]]  since the initial statute was enacted decades ago. It is time that we  update the law so we are not needlessly tying the hands of those who  are charged with protecting the most vulnerable. Our legislation will  empower attorneys general to expand the scope of their States' fraud  units so they can combat patient abuse wherever it might occur.   This reform has broad bipartisan support from AGs in red States and  blue States. It is just common sense, and it will help better serve  those in need.   Once again, I thank my colleagues on the great Energy and Commerce  Committee for their bipartisan collaboration. I encourage passage of  H.R. 3253.    Madam Chair, I rise today to support my amendment, which  would prohibit taxpayer money from going directly to the Taliban.   According to recent news stories, the Defense Department asked  Congress for  [[Page H4714]]  funding that could be used to reimburse the Taliban for transportation  and other expenses. That is quite simply absurd.   For many years, I have worked in a bipartisan way to shine a light on  how American tax dollars are being misspent in Afghanistan. There have  been a number of oversight reports conducted by the Special Inspector  General for Afghanistan Reconstruction that highlight how these  programs have been mismanaged and poorly run for years.   The SIGAR has identified a disturbing amount of waste, fraud, and  abuse totaling in the billions of dollars. This level of wasteful  spending is staggering, yet we continued pouring money down the drain  anyway. But sending taxpayer dollars straight to the Taliban, despite  the price paid by men and women in uniform, is the ultimate insult.   We owe it to the taxpayers to not waste any more of their money.   