 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the  incredible life of Trooper Matthew Gatti of the Tennessee Highway  Patrol.   On May 6, 2019, just a week or so ago, while responding to a call for  help on Interstate 40 in Tennessee, Trooper Gatti was killed in the  line of duty.   Matthew Gatti will be remembered in west Tennessee and in our entire  Nation as a dedicated public servant, a husband, a son, a brother, and  a friend to all.   Although just 24 years old, Trooper Gatti had an incredible, an  impressive career in public service. He served with the Madison County  Sheriff's Office in Jackson, Tennessee, and then began working for the  Tennessee Highway Patrol.   In addition to serving others, Matthew was passionate about hunting,  about baseball, about comedy, and he was an active member of his  church, Gospel Light Baptist Church, in Jackson, Tennessee.   Trooper Gatti lived a life that very few people have the honor of  living.   According to those who knew him the best, Trooper Gatti's willingness  to serve and his constant sacrifice for others was of second nature to  him.   He exemplified duty and service both on and off the clock, and for  that, I am truly grateful.   Matthew had a deep love for his church, and his strong faith could be  seen in everything that he did. His friends described him as a humble  gentleman who would say or do anything to lift your spirits.   Matthew leaves behind his loving wife, Anna; his parents, Christopher  and Christy; his sisters, Hannah and Esther; his brother, Joshua; his  mother-in-law and father-in-law, Kimberly and Frankie Lax; and his  grandparents.   Matthew was a blessing to our community, and his life was a service  and an inspiration.   Trooper Gatti died doing what he loved doing: protecting people,  protecting his community, and protecting the State of Tennessee. And  although his life on Earth has ended, his legacy will live on.   My thoughts are with his family, with his friends, and with the men  and women of the Tennessee Highway Patrol.   I also want to thank all the men and women in uniform who risk their  lives each and every day to protect all of us for our safety and for  our betterment.   Matthew Gatti will never be forgotten.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Green),  my colleague.   