 Mr. President, I rise today to join many of my  colleagues in raising our voices on behalf of some of the most  vulnerable members of our society.   Recently, a very disturbing and revealing discussion has been taking  place in our country that raises serious questions about how much value  and worth we ascribe to babies in the womb, especially those who are  born despite an attempted abortion procedure.   Before I go any further, let me say this clearly and unequivocally:  If we as a nation are to hold any claim to a moral character that  deserves to be admired and emulated, then we must be willing to say  that the lives of newborn children have inherent value and are worthy  of protection. There is simply no way to credibly claim otherwise.   Whether it be legislation introduced or enacted by State legislatures  or comments made by public officials, such as the Governor of Virginia,  our country has begun to entertain the idea that the rights and  privileges newborn babies possess is an open-ended question.   This is alarming, and the U.S. Senate should go on the record in  defense of their right to live instead of being callously discarded or  worse--intentionally killed in the name of reproductive freedom. There  is no middle ground here.   It is concerning to me that in some corners of this country, and even  within this Congress, there is an utter failure to recognize and affirm  the right to life, especially after an infant has already been born.   Throughout my time in elected office, I have found that giving those  who disagree with me on any given issue the benefit of the doubt as it  relates to their motivations has allowed me to consistently find  commonality and reach compromise, even with incredibly unlikely allies  and partners. But in this instance, there can be no mistake or  ambiguity. The common ground that we all must occupy should be a shared  commitment to uphold the basic, fundamental right to protect the life  of every child, no matter the circumstances of his or her birth, which  brings me to the legislation before the Senate today.    I am a cosponsor of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act,  and I am grateful to each of my colleagues who supported the bill  tonight. This legislation would create criminal penalties for doctors  who allow infants to die rather than provide medical care after an  attempted abortion.   It would also require that born-alive abortion survivors be  transported to a hospital for care and treatment rather than being left  to languish on the counter of an abortion clinic or--as one former  nurse and pro-life activist has shockingly recounted--be discarded  along with the biohazard materials.   Even in situations where comfort care is rendered to these little  ones, that sometimes amounts to nothing more than keeping a baby warm  until it passes away alone. No child should suffer this way.   Under this bill, abortionists who defy these mandates to render care  to born-alive survivors would face the justice that they are due  instead of being ignored or permitted to continue committing  infanticide.   It is time for our country to demand that the victims of this  abhorrent, inhumane treatment be afforded their rights and the  perpetrators be held accountable.   Speaking with one clear voice, we must say that every human being is  made in the image of God and is therefore in possession of dignity and  worth that cannot be displaced or dispossessed. Anything short of this  unambiguous declaration would be a tremendous disservice to our  children and fatally undermine the values of our society that we claim  to uphold.  [[Page S1425]]    While the debate surrounding abortion has engulfed this country for  decades, the goalposts are now being shifted. Reproductive autonomy, we  are now told, must include the ability and choice to end the life of a  baby who survives an attempted abortion.   As a former medical provider, I believe that to end a newborn's life  either by refusing to provide lifesaving care or actively taking that  child's life--as in the case of the infamous abortionist Dr. Kermit  Gosnell and others--violates the oath every medical provider takes to  do no harm.   As a dad and a grandfather, I know from my own experience just how  precious each life is. My daughters and grandchildren are treasured  gifts that bring my family and me immeasurable joy. To think that they  or any other child might be treated with anything other than the  dignity and respect they are entitled to is tragic, heartbreaking, and  outrageous.   Providing necessary medical attention to save the lives of infants  who survive an abortion is an imperative that we as a society must  embrace if we are to be faithful to the promise our Founders made to  the generations of Americans who would succeed them. In declaring the  self-evident truth that all men are created equal, surely they intended  to extend the same rights and liberties that their countrymen fought  and died for to newborn babies who survive abortions.   I am proud to have stood with my colleagues today in support of this  legislation that seeks to protect these precious, vulnerable lives. We  can and should do this as a reflection of the country we want to be.   Our abortion laws in the United States already situate us among some  of the world's worst human rights abusers, including North Korea and  China.   Now a national conversation about whether to provide children who  survive abortions medical attention and care has ensued. It is my hope  and prayer that the final word in this discussion will end with a  resounding commitment to protect and preserve life.   I would like to thank the junior Senator from Nebraska, Mr. Sasse,  for leading on this critical issue and pushing to bring this measure to  the floor today.   I would also like to thank the President for his vocal commitment to  defending life and protecting the most vulnerable among us.   I feel blessed to stand alongside so many others to raise our voices  on behalf of the voiceless.   While I am disappointed with the result of today's vote, I remain  committed to fighting for those who are unable to fight for themselves  and will continue working to protect and uphold the sanctity of life.   I yield the floor.   