 Mr. Speaker, I have to support my good friend from  Wisconsin as we go forward. I am also in a very small business type of  atmosphere in Virginia. I own a small business, a distillery, and for  us, small businesses are one of the most important things we can  support as we go forward.   I am here today to support my colleagues and to support Democrats in  a bipartisan fashion. This is something that we need to do, we have to  do, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I don't need the 2 minutes to actually make sure that  this happens. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and make sure  we support small businesses in everything that we do.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Representative Mooney,  and I would like to also thank my colleague, Representative Axne, for  introducing this legislation.   I rise today to speak in support of this bill, the Expanding Access  to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act.   This bill will expand the mission of the SEC Advocate for Small  Business Capital Formation to identify the unique challenges facing  rural small businesses and give them expanded access to the capital  they need.   As someone who, along with my wife, started a distillery business in  the rural part of Virginia, I know many of the challenges faced by  small business owners in rural areas. These small business owners are  the backbones of communities across America and pillars of the local  economies that help these areas thrive.   According to Census data from 2017, one in five Americans live in a  rural area. In my district, the Fifth District of Virginia,  approximately 65 percent of the population resides in a rural area.  These people deserve the same access to the financial system as urban  dwellers and urban businesses.   Running a rural small business is a challenge, and it is important  for me as the Representative of the Fifth District to advocate for the  needs of these small business owners. By expanding their access to  capital, we can help small businesses grow and sustain rural  communities.   This bill will allow the SEC to help job creators and improve rural  economies across the country. I look forward to working with the SEC  and my colleagues to accomplish this mission.   For these reasons and many more, Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this  legislation, and I urge everyone else to do the same.   