 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding, and I also  thank my friend from Arizona for inviting us to his home State to meet  with several Members from Arizona. What an eye-opener. This is  something that I have supported--the building of the wall, increasing  our border security--standing strong with the President for that. But  to see it in person was quite an eye-opener, and I really want to thank  my friend for doing that.   After spending several days in Arizona, with Customs and Border  Patrol, touring areas of this southern border, I can say with more  assurance than ever that we are in desperate need of a wall. In certain  areas, all that separates us from another sovereign nation is a barbed  wire fence. Living on a cattle farm in North Carolina, if a fence on  our farm was in the same condition as that, we would be spending all  night to replace it because we would be losing cows left and right. Our  ranchers down there in Arizona are losing their cows into Mexico. The  cows from the ranches in Mexico are coming down.   You don't realize--we don't think about it much--but there are  ranchers on the Mexican side that actually want a wall. They say:  Please, build the wall. We don't think about hearing it that much, but  we do because they don't want the cartels coming into their ranch and  cutting their fences. There are a lot of problems.   While I was there, over and over, I heard, again and again, about the  need to have a wall to shrink the amount of mileage that our Border  Patrol agents need to cover.   When technology detects an illegal, it takes them about 2 hours by  car to get there, give or take, and then about 2 hours on foot, and  then from there it is a completely different game. A wall will act as a  complement to our brave border agents, and it limits the amount of  terrain, which is vast--it will limit the amount that they have to  cover.    The situation facing the ranchers is bleak, as I mentioned before. I  spoke to one woman, whose brother was killed by an illegal alien during  a home invasion. We hear all the time about home  [[Page H1169]]  invasions. Many of these Angel Families have been left with lost loved  ones. Other families have had property damage or stolen vehicles. A  simple F-150 pickup truck, that we would normally just park and take  our keys with us, they have got chains wrapped around the whole vehicle  to keep it from being stolen by the illegals.   We spoke with two other Angel Families, and their stories are  heartbreaking and, unfortunately, not anomalies. Throughout the trip,  we heard over and over again how the drug cartels will use illegal  immigrants as decoys in order to overwhelm Customs and Border Patrol  agents at the checkpoint, leaving the border unmanned so that they can  move their drugs across.   Each immigrant, who is caught trying to illegally enter our country,  takes about 2 to 4 hours to process. The cartels have done the math.  They have sent waves and waves of people to tie up our Border Patrol so  that they can, in essence, send their cartel and drug mules across in  another area.   This weekend, President Trump put forth a plan that would reopen the  government, but the plan was rejected by Democrats before it was even  released. I call on my Democratic colleagues to come to the table and  negotiate in good faith. In the past, Democrats have been more than  open to securing our borders: in some cases, voting for $50 billion and  $40 billion, respectively. The $5 billion that Trump is asking for  pales in comparison.   Before us is a national security crisis, a drug crisis, and a  humanitarian crisis. A wall will help in a much broader effort to get  operational control of our border and keep our country safe.   