 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as the world now knows, yesterday evening  Attorney General Barr sent a letter to Congress on the investigation by  the special counsel. In his letter, Attorney General Barr confirmed the  intelligence community's assessment that through a coordinated  disinformation campaign and hacking operations, Russia sought to  interfere with the 2016 election. Any attempts by a foreign government  to interfere with our Democratic processes, successful or unsuccessful,  must not be taken lightly.   Though the special counsel's investigation was very targeted and  specific, Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee, on which I  serve, continue our work to more closely examine the matter as well as  the broader threats posed by foreign interference as part of our  oversight responsibilities. Although this was the major focus of the  special counsel's investigation, it was not the most anticipated  portion of Mr. Mueller's report.   After reviewing the special counsel's findings, the Attorney General  concluded that the Trump campaign did not coordinate with the Russian  Government in their efforts to influence the election. Based on their  reaction since General Barr released his letter, it is clear the  partisans who will never be satisfied with any results of an  investigation will not be appeased by this report from the special  counsel or General Barr's summary of Mr. Mueller's conclusions.   I hope our colleagues will trust the dedicated team of public  servants who investigated this matter for the special counsel and now  allow Congress to move on so we can deal with other challenges facing  the American people. The worst thing we can do is get bogged down in a  relitigation of all these issues over which we have no real authority  because Congress's role is to conduct oversight for purposes of  determining whether the laws have been faithfully executed or whether  changes in the law need to occur. Obviously, the special counsel's role  is entirely different. It is a criminal investigation  [[Page S1921]]  to determine whether there is sufficient evidence of a violation of a  criminal law that would warrant presentation to a grand jury, charging,  and then a trial. Congress's role is demonstrably and decidedly  different.   I would like to thank Mr. Mueller for conducting his investigation  with the utmost professionalism. For those of us who have seen him in  action over many years, we expected nothing different. I would also  like to thank Attorney General Barr for promptly communicating his  conclusions with both Congress and the American people. Throughout  Attorney General Barr's confirmation hearings, he stressed his intent  to release as much information as possible, and he is now in the  process of delivering on his word.   I agree with those on both sides of the aisle, as well as the  President, who want the Mueller report to be released publicly. As much  of the report as can be released, and consistent with existing law,  should be made public so the American people can read it for  themselves, but I also agree with the chairman of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, Senator Graham, that we also need to understand better how  we got to this place.   We need to look at the decisions made by the leadership in the  Department of Justice, the FBI, the intelligence community, and the  Obama White House during the time in which this counterintelligence  investigation was initiated against President Trump while he was still  a candidate, and why, contrary to the practice as testified to by  Attorney General Loretta Lynch, a defensive briefing was not given to  the Trump campaign so they could know that the Russians were trying the  doors and the windows and trying to get into the organization.   We know now, from Mr. Mueller's report, they were unsuccessful in  establishing a connection and collusion, as the word has been used, but  we know the investigation that initially was started, ultimately, came  up emptyhanded and resulted in this narrative, which prompted the  appointment of a special counsel and this long investigation that Mr.  Mueller has now completed. So we need to understand that better as part  of our oversight responsibilities, particularly those of us, such as  the Presiding Officer and I, who are on the Judiciary Committee who  have explicit oversight responsibility for the Department of Justice as  well as the FBI.   