 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, while I stand here today as I offer my  amendment, residents across the Great Lakes are facing imminent threats  to their property, their infrastructure, and the shorelines themselves  due to historically high water levels.   Great Lakes communities, including many in my own district along the  shores of Lake Michigan, are in critical need of shoreline projects to  protect against devastating erosion.   For those of us who call the region home, the Great Lakes forever  shape our way of life. It is where we recreate. It is where we do  business. It is where we pass along the heritage of our region.   The Great Lakes form the largest fresh surface water system on the  Earth, holding nearly 20 percent of the world's freshwater supply.   They directly generate more than 1.5 million jobs, provide the  backbone of a $5 trillion regional economy, and are the home for more  than 3,500 different plants and species.   As I often say, we can and should protect and promote both the  economy and the ecology of the Great Lakes. However, our communities  are facing devastating consequences if we don't act to protect our  shorelines now. The high water levels, combined with the effect of  recent storms that brought even higher waves and strong winds, are  threatening our communities.   Public infrastructure, including roads, bridges, and docks, have been  battered and, in some cases, actually lost. Recreational beaches have  disappeared, and others are covered with dangerous debris now. Habitats  have been destroyed. Numerous homes are teetering on the edge of dune  cliffs or are threatened by the rising water level.   This amendment, which would set aside just 10 percent of the spending  in these particular projects, would ensure that communities within the  Great Lakes system receive necessary funding through the living  shoreline grant program to protect and preserve our shorelines.   It is imperative that resources are provided through all available  options to enhance the shorelines of the Great Lakes and to protect our  homes and our communities.  [[Page H9994]]    I understand the ranking member's position on this particular package  of bills and Senate activity, or maybe lack thereof on this. Yet, I do  have a responsibility to not only highlight this issue but to advocate  for those who are in desperate need and in desperate situations.   That is one of the reasons I will be supporting this package. I ask  for consideration of my colleagues to help adopt this amendment.   Whether it is going together as a package or whether it gets dealt  with separately in the Senate, I know that this is something that we  need to look at as a legislative body, and we need to act now.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman from Hawaii and  his acknowledgment of what is going on in the Great Lakes.   In fact, it was my own State representative who led that letter of  State legislators requesting Governor Whitmer to declare this emergency  declaration so that the Federal Government can look at that.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate that support, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   