 Madam Chair, first, I thank Mrs. Lowey--this is, I  think, the first time that we have had a chance to dialog publicly--for  her leadership and congratulate her as the new Appropriations chair. I  congratulate the gentlewoman, and we look forward to working with Mrs.  Lowey.   I also want to thank the Republican leader, our ranking member of the  committee, Ms. Granger, for her steadfast leadership and help in  navigating so many essential issues that are before us today.   Madam Chair, I want you to know that I support the underlying bill  without the complicating amendments and urge its passage.   I believe that this is a good bipartisan piece of legislation to help  those negatively affected by serious and devastating weather events  that have occurred throughout the previous year, and we should be  working together to provide the needed disaster assistance and unite to  rebuild communities damaged by these hurricanes, typhoons, and  earthquakes, as well as volcanoes.   But let us be honest. This bill would sail through the Congress--it  would sail through this body--if we could get past the paralysis of  this moment that is dividing Democrats from Republicans, the Speaker  from the President, the House from the Senate, and on and on.   Let's put all of those considerations aside for just a moment and  provide the needed support to our agricultural communities who are  hurting and those who are in need.   As the new ranking member of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food  and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations  Subcommittee, I want to speak briefly to an important number of  provisions in the underlying bill.   It provides financial support to farmers and producers from the  Pacific Islands to California and to the Southeast States who have lost  crops, trees, and livestock, and so much more. It provides funds for  essential conservation efforts in our rural communities to rebuild the  watersheds and funds to restore the land in order to prevent future  flooding that is so devastating.   The bill provides financial support to forestlands for their  restoration, some of which have been wiped out by the strongest storms  recorded in several parts of the United States.   The bill also provides nutritional assistance to those who are  vulnerable among us.   These are all reasons that we need to put momentary difficulties  aside and pass the underlying piece of legislation. I suggest that we  move this bill as quickly as possible and keep it separate from the  amendments that will delay its implementation.   