 Mr. Speaker, the Continuing Resolution  before us today not only keeps our government open and operating until  December 20, 2019--as we finalize the 2020 budget--but it also extends  authorities for critical services such as the National Flood Insurance  Program, Community Health Centers, and the National Health Service  Corps.   Of particular significance to thousands of 9/11 survivors--and a  giant step forward for justice--the CR also reforms the US Victims of  State Sponsored Terrorism (USVSST) Fund to ensure that immediate family  members--the spouses and children of the victims of 9/11--are, for the  first time, given rightful access to the judgements they have won in  court against the perpetrators of the attack on our Nation.   The USVSST was established by Congress in December 2015 to compensate  victims of international state-sponsored terrorism. It is funded  entirely by criminal and civil penalties collected by the US government  from foreign entities that violate U.S. sanctions--primarily related to  Iran. In addition to compensating Americans who were held hostage  during the Iranian Hostage Crisis of 1979-1981, the 2015 legislation  also sought to award any persons who have won legal judgments in a U.S.  federal district court against a state sponsor of terrorism arising  from acts of international terrorism.   Is there any more deserving group of victims of state sponsored acts  of terrorism than those who lost their parents or spouses on September  11, 2001? I don't think so.   Yet, remarkably through a misinterpretation of the 2015 law by the  fund's Special Master, the immediate family members--i.e. the  dependents--were barred from participating--that's unfair, unjust and  unconscionable.   In 2017 and 2019, the fund granted awards to the Iranian hostages,  their relatives, victims of U.S. embassy bombings and the Marine  barracks in Lebanon--and to more distant relatives of those who were  killed on 9/11. But the spouses and children of 9/11 victims were  denied, barred and shown the door.   With the deadline for the 2020 round of awards approaching, this past  September I hosted a town meeting in Wall Township, New Jersey. Widely  attended by spouses and children from across the entire tri-state area,  the meeting exposed anew the struggles these survivors continue to  face, the sacrifices they have endured, the efforts they have made to  hold state sponsors of terrorism accountable for the deaths of their  loved ones, and the madness in the decision to bar them from the  USVSST.   The technical correction in the CR reflects a bipartisan agreement,  an equitable fix to the USVSST that permits 9/11 spouses and children  to pursue their judgements in the fund while continuing the  participation of other victims as well.   None of this would have been possible if not for the leadership and  commitment of the victim's spouses and children, people who continue to  seek justice after the murders of their loved ones. Many stepped  forward, and those known as the Jersey Girls--Kristen Breitweiser,  Mindy Kleinberg, Lorie Van Auken, and Kathy Maher--have been tireless,  factual and well-informed in advocating for the needed reforms.   Kathy Wisneiwski, a surviving widow, former school vice principal,  and member of my staff, has been relentless especially in working on  behalf of the surviving children. And Angela Mistrulli was tenacious in  working with leaders outside the tri-state area to help bring about  this needed reform.   With absolute clarity, Congress has now instructed the Justice  Department to specifically honor the judgements of these immediate 9/11  family members.   