 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Florida,  Representative Neal Dunn, who is not only a great colleague but a great  friend.   Madam Speaker, it is not just Hurricane Matthew--pardon me, Hurricane  Michael. In my district we had Hurricane Matthew in 2016--but it is  also Hurricane Florence that devastated southeastern North Carolina and  many other areas this past fall as well.   A lot of the previous speakers, colleagues who have come before me  here today have talked about the need for disaster assistance, and they  are exactly right. I want to complement what they have said, supplement  what they have said, and paint a little bit of a broader picture here.   You have got to understand that agriculture, in particular, has faced  5 years of really, really low prices; so farmers, whether they are in  North Carolina and have suffered from the flood of Hurricane Florence,  or whether they are in Georgia or Florida or anywhere else and have  suffered from Hurricane Michael, or the floods in Nebraska, for  example, they have no equity left.   They have suffered 5 years of really, really low prices. We had a  farm bill in place that, quite honestly, was not adequate in terms of  the safety net that was in place and, as a result, they have no equity.   And think about this: Think about all those out there--and for those  who are not involved in agriculture, think about it this way--assume  that you have invested millions and millions and millions of dollars  that are plowed, literally plowed into the ground, but have no  opportunity to produce a crop.   You have no equity left. You just took a loan out from the bank. You  are highly leveraged because of 5 years of low commodity prices. You  have taken that loan out. This is the one year that you had available  to you to make up the difference, to begin to turn it around  financially.   And lo and behold, you get hit by Hurricane Florence, totally flooded  early September, no opportunity to harvest your crop, and there you  are.   That is the scenario. That is the picture. That is what so many farm  families all across Eastern North Carolina, all across the Southeast  are facing today.   Meanwhile, you have got Members of the House and the Senate who care  very deeply about their constituency, who have been working very, very  hard to get an ag disaster package, and find it incredibly frustrating  that here, in April, months after these storms have hit, we have made  no progress. And there are a variety of reasons for that.   But the fact of the matter is, this Chamber and the Senate Chamber  need to come together with the White House to get this ag disaster  package done just as quickly as possible.   In North Carolina, agriculture is an $87 billion industry, the  largest industry, by far.   And let me make one final point. When these farm families are gone,  when these farms are gone, they are not coming back; they are growing  houses instead. They are not coming back.   This agriculture disaster package is so critically important. We have  got to get it done. I thank the leadership and the spirit of my good  friend from Florida, Neal Dunn, and I really, really commend him and my  other colleagues for putting forward the effort tonight to raise  awareness of this issue. It is so critically important, not only for my  home State of North Carolina, but for America.   