 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been 2\1/2\ weeks since the  President announced he was abruptly withdrawing U.S. forces from  Syria--betraying our Kurdish allies and derailing the international  fight against ISIS in Syria.   In the course of one tweet, this President blindsided our allies in  the region--yes, the Kurds--but the Israelis and others as well. He  blindsided our diplomats and blindsided our military from the top brass  down to our forces who serve on the ground. Frankly, the only one who  seemed to know that this was coming was the Turkish President, Mr.  Erdogan.   As a result, brave men and women who have fought alongside the United  States are now at risk of being slaughtered by Turkish forces. Already,  Kurdish fighters and unarmed civilians have been killed by Turkish  armed groups--militias. Already, hundreds of ISIS detainees have  escaped from prison, and ISIS is being given the space and time to  regroup.   Simply put, we may be witnessing one of the most significant  counterterrorism setbacks in recent history.   With nowhere else to turn, the Kurds have aligned themselves with the  Assad regime. That is good news for one of history's most brutal  dictators--a man who gases his own people. It is also good news for his  allies in Iran.   No one has, perhaps, benefited more from this disaster than Vladimir  Putin. Just this week, Russia and Turkey agreed to a new joint strategy  in Syria, green-lighting Russian and Syrian forces to clear the border  region of any of our remaining Kurdish allies and, unfortunately,  expanding Russia's footprint in the Middle East.   The truth is that I believe the President's sudden withdrawal from  Syria without his having a plan and without there being serious  consideration for our Kurdish allies is a disaster that may haunt our  foreign policy for decades to come.   If this is how the United States treats its allies, how will anyone  trust the United States on a going-forward basis?   Frankly, I fear most of the damage may have already been done. No  tweet, no press conference, and no personal assurance from Erdogan or  anyone else can rebuild the years of trust and progress that have been  destroyed. The least we can do--and perhaps, unfortunately, the most we  can do--is to make sure those Kurdish allies who served alongside U.S.  forces as translators and in other military support roles are not left  to die in Syria.   That is why I have introduced the Syrian Allies Protection Act. This  legislation is similar to programs in the past which have granted  special immigration visas to Iraqi and Afghan nationals who have served  alongside U.S. forces. The truth is these Kurdish allies and their  families are now at risk because of their work with U.S. forces. They  are threatened not only by the Turkish incursion but also by freed ISIS  fighters and Assad regime forces.   This legislation would provide permanent American residence to Syrian  nationals who have worked for the U.S. Armed Forces for at least 6  months, who have obtained a favorable recommendation from a general or  a flag officer in the chain of command, and who have passed a thorough  background check and screening.   The legislation also directs the administration to evacuate eligible  individuals to safety. If their lives are at  [[Page S6140]]  risk by remaining in Syria, they can either be brought to the United  States or to a third country while appropriate vetting takes place.   This legislation will not reverse what we did to our Kurdish allies,  but it will show those who have worked with our military forces--in  many cases, we have heard of translators and others whom the American  forces left without having even said goodbye because they had to  withdraw so quickly--that the American people appreciate the profound  sacrifices they have made in their supporting U.S. forces in the fight  against ISIS. It would at least remove part of the sting.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged of S. 2625 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I disagree with my friend from Kentucky  about what may or may not happen.   I believe that one thing we agree with him on is that we have not  often had well-organized plans in the Middle East.   The unique thing about our alliance with the Kurds was that after  trying in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other places around the region to find  allies who would actually stand up and fight, in the Kurds, we found  those allies, and they did a remarkable job dismantling ISIS.   Now, the prognostication of the Senator from Kentucky I don't agree  with it, but time will tell. The one area, though, and what my  legislation would have done and where I am disappointed we were not  able to move forward on, is regardless of the changed circumstances  that the Assad regime may have in terms of treating people with more  respect or the Turkish militias, which we have already seen evidence of  their killing of Kurdish fighters, the one group--the one group I think  that it is probably safe to say will be the targets of both the  Syrians, the Turks--the militias--will be those Kurdish individuals who  worked directly for the U.S. military.   Even if the prognostication of the Senator from Kentucky plays out on  a more macro basis, I don't think anyone with a straight face can say  the Kurdish translators, who 2 weeks ago were working for the American  forces, will not be victims of--whether it be Turkish, Syrian, Russian,  or other--aggression.   I think it would have been the right thing. I am going to continue to  try to find ways to bring this legislation to the floor. I know it will  be broadly bipartisan supported. I hope we will have a chance to  revisit this.   I don't think we can ever fully reverse the actions this President  has taken, but at least in terms of these transfers--I am not talking  about taking the whole Kurdish leadership--but these, generally, men  who 2 weeks ago were working for the American military, I think we owe  them a greater debt of obligation than to simply say good luck.    I will not belabor the point. I know my friend from  Connecticut is here to raise another issue.   I don't agree with the analysis of the Senator from Kentucky. I hope  he proves to be right. I would agree with him; sometimes our notion  that we are going to find Thomas Jefferson to rebuild these countries  has not proven to be the case.   This legislation I am proposing is not broad policy changing; it is  simply saying let's look at a very limited universe of individuals who  2 weeks ago were working with the American military.   My fear is, at least in terms of how those translators and their  families will be viewed by both the Turks and by the Assad forces, that  they will not be viewed as Thomas Jeffersons, but they will be viewed  as Benedict Arnolds, and my fear is their fate will be on our hands.   I yield the floor.   