 Mr. President, I was not next in the queue. Senator Gardner  was, but since I don't see him, I am going to jump in, in great Senate  fashion.   I rise today to educate my colleagues and the American people on  actions that are currently being taken by the Food and Drug  Administration. It deals with one specific thing that is familiar to  all of us: combustible cigarettes. It revolves around a decision the  FDA has just announced earlier this year: their plan to ban menthol  combustible products. Their rationale for doing this is that menthol is  the doorway for youth usage of tobacco products.  [[Page S782]]    Let me start and end at the same point. I am going to start with this  chart. This chart displays, from 2011 to 2017, the CDC's annual study  of youth usage of tobacco products. Specifically, this one addresses  the use of menthol cigarettes, where we have seen a reduction of 5.8  percent to 2.5 percent.   Somehow, as this chart displays, we have had a significant reduction  in the use of menthol products for youth in this country. With this  trend line, we are now making the case, as the Federal Government, that  we have to ban this product because it is what is fueling an increase  in youth usage.   Over the same period, youth usage of combustible cigarettes has  dropped by 12.5 percent. By any standard we would look at, we would say  that we have an education program in America that is actually having  the right impact here. Between what we educate, parental guidance, and  school pressures, the usage of our youth is going down.   This would be something that typically we would praise, but, no, an  administration that came in primarily saying that we are here to reduce  the regulation of the Federal Government, has picked one area that not  only is it not reducing, but it is disregarding the trends that we see,  and it is coming out with new regulations that, at the end of the day,  are going to impact adults for whom we haven't either provided the  tools to stop using combustible cigarettes or who have made a conscious  choice that they want to use a legal product they know up front is  harmful to their health.   To successfully talk about this, I have to hit rewind and go back 10  years, because it was 10 years ago, in 2009, that the Congress of the  United States took up the Tobacco Control Act. I will say that it was a  controversial debate. I spent hours on this floor.   Here are some of the points I made in 2009--that H.R. 1256, which was  the Tobacco Control Act, did not provide a pathway to market for new  tobacco products. New tobacco products were products that  technologically we could create that provided a level of satisfaction  for its users but didn't have the harmful effects of the combustion of  tobacco. Innovative products--we see them in the market place today.  They are there not because of the guidance of the Food and Drug  Administration, with over 10 years of total control over the tobacco  industry. They are there because the marketplace demanded it. Consumers  said: Give me a tool to switch. We have gone from gum to patches, to  now electronic cigarettes.   It was believed, at the time, that because we centralized tobacco  regulation within an Agency that understands how to use scientific  information to make decisions, they would look at trend lines like this  and would make decisions that were consistent with it--that as  technology became more available, we could determine how to put a heart  valve in with it being less invasive through the use of technology.  Over 10 years, we haven't figured out how to write a foundational rule  to tell companies how they need to apply to get an e-cigarette  approved.   When we went into this 10 years ago, HHS claimed that the Department  would need $100 million to establish an Agency solely focused on  tobacco products. We did them one better. We imposed user fees on the  tobacco industry. For every piece of tobacco product that is sold, they  paid to the FDA a user fee on that product. It is that user fee that  has funded the FDA effort.   In 2019, the FDA received $712 million in user fees from the  industry. Let me put that in perspective. Everybody who buys a tobacco  product is paying a higher price today so that this money can go to the  FDA so the FDA, hopefully, will create a foundational pathway that will  allow them to approve and receive applications for reduced-harm  products.   It is very consistent with this trend line of money we pumped into  education to reduce youth usage and to encourage adults to switch, but  until it is illegal in the United States, adults ought to have the  freedom to choose the products they want.   Unfortunately, 10 years later, we are in no better position than we  were 10 years ago, where the choices are combustible products or  products that have yet to even have an established pathway by the FDA.   Those who are venturing out today offering e-cigarettes and  alternatives are doing it with the understanding that tomorrow the FDA  could walk in and say: We are going to pull this product off the  marketplace because it hasn't been approved. Yet the FDA has never  created the pathway and shown an individual or a company the  application process to get a product like this approved.   Ten years ago, before TCA was signed into law, there were 14 Agencies  that regulated tobacco in the United States. It was the Treasury  Department, the Transportation Department, Commerce, Justice, the  Executive Office of the President, HHS, Education, Labor, and the  General Services Administration. It is now consolidated into one. You  would think that we would do a much better job of doing it.   I am going to share with you the conclusion, and I will come back to  this a couple of times.   There is an age restriction on the purchase of tobacco today. It is  18. We can have a debate as to whether it should be 21. We can have a  debate about moving the age.   But when an agency that has the sole control of tobacco cannot  enforce the age requirement for it to be purchased, you have to ask  yourself, by taking away options that adults have, does that in any  way, shape, or form affect youth usage when the youth are illegally  accessing the product today?   You see, back when 14 agencies controlled it--and being a former  Governor, the Presiding Officer may remember some of this--States  actually enforced because the Federal mandate was to enforce the age  requirements. They do it on alcohol today, and in some places, they do  it on tobacco. But when we centralized all of the authority at the FDA,  the FDA apparently gave up on the age requirement, and they only  focused on things like this, where they can manipulate through  government regulation, through onerous actions on the consumers, what  they want to accomplish, which I would suggest to my colleagues and to  the American people is not driven by facts or science; it is driven by  politics. It is driven by those who want to see this product  eliminated.   I will say what I said 10 years ago: I am ready for the debate. Let's  bring it to the floor, and we can talk about it and debate it.   This is eerily similar to Canada a few years ago when they banned  menthol products. How did they follow that up? This year, they  legalized cannabis. Maybe that is the route we are on. We can have that  debate at any point, but right now, that is illegal in the United  States, and we put up with it with States that have legalized it. I am  not sure it is a good move for adults, and I am not sure it is a good  move for our youth. It certainly has the same combustible concerns we  have with tobacco products. But there is a difference between the two-- this is legal. We have agreed that if you are over 18, you can choose  to use it--with an extensive educational campaign to tell everybody why  it is harmful to their health.   Also 10 years ago, I offered an amendment to create a department  within HHS known as the Tobacco Harm Reduction Center, requiring public  ranking of tobacco products according to their risk. That amendment  would have allowed for the development of new products to encourage  individuals to give up traditional tobacco products and turn to less  harmful products.   I remember the debate well. My colleagues who were opposed to me in  the debate said: If we centralize this at FDA, the natural reaction  will be that they will migrate to not only the application being  understood as to how to process it, but they will be inclined to  approve those products quickly because of the alternative that we know  today.   Here we are 10 years later, and we have no transitional, foundational  pathway for a manufacturer to know how to apply to the FDA or what  standards they have to meet. It is almost as if we are going to make it  up as we go along. Therefore, these products are on the marketplace,  but there is no application process at the FDA. They are susceptible to  millions of dollars of investment being yanked tomorrow because  somebody wakes up and says: My gosh. Youth have started using e- cigarettes. The Presiding Officer knows there is an 18-year-old age  requirement on e-cigarettes as well. Is the answer to that to remove  all of  [[Page S783]]  that product for every American because we can't figure out a way to  enforce an age limitation? I would suggest to my colleagues, if that is  where we are headed, we are going to eliminate some products that will  cause chaos in this country.   I suggest that this will not cause chaos, but this will be the wrong  signal to send to adults who prefer to use this product, and we do it  under the false pretense that we are doing this because of America's  youth. America's youth are doing the right thing. They are reducing  their usage of combustible products. They are not enticed by things  like menthol. Yet they are the ones whom we are using to be the fig  leaf of all this new government regulation that the Food and Drug  Administration is proposing to do.   Within the office of tobacco control, there are 778 employees. There  are close to 1,000 employees in the center for drug review. Put that in  perspective--all the drugs that are out there, all the applications  they are going through. We have almost as many people in the tobacco  control agency as we do in drug review.   Well, the one thing I can assure you about drug review is that they  actually do process applications. It is long. It is laborious. We would  like to speed that up. Under the latest PDUFA reauthorization, the user  fee for drugs, there is a 304-day average to process an application.  Well, the review of a modified risk--if you change the risk of a  combustible, if you have decided as a manufacturer that you are going  to change the paper on the cigarette because there is technology that  assures you that paper is not going to burn and somebody is not going  to fall asleep and burn down a house--when they change that, that has  to go through a modification review at the FDA. How long does a  modification review currently take? It takes 360 days--56 days longer  than that of a new drug application actually working its way through  the Food and Drug Administration. They can't claim there are not enough  people. There are ample people, and the FDA has hired 267 employees in  tobacco control since 2017. The numbers may actually be identical now.   As I said earlier, in 2019 the FDA will receive $712 million in user  fees from the industry. Of the $582 million in user fees collected by  the FDA in 2018, which we have just completed, $205 million originated  from the sale of combustible menthol cigarettes. So this one proposal  is going to reduce by one-third the amount of money that the regulatory  agency has.   I might share with the Presiding Officer--because I think he would  find this of great interest, having left the State of Florida as  Governor--that there is a tax revenue piece tied to this. A ban on the  sale of menthol cigarettes will generate a significant revenue loss for  State, Federal, and local governments. Last year, menthol sales brought  in $4.1 billion in Federal excise tax, it brought in $9.1 billion in  State and local excise tax, and it brought in $1.8 billion in State and  local sales tax. That is a total of $15.2 billion. Two-thirds of it  is--State and local governments will lose over $10 billion in revenue  from this one decision, the elimination of a choice for adults--all  under the belief and sales pitch to the American people that this is  going to stop youth usage of tobacco. Bull. We are not going to stop  youth usage until we enforce the age limit, whether it is 18, 20, 21,  wherever we set it. We eliminated enforcement of the age when 10 years  ago we consolidated all of this into one entity at the Food and Drug  Administration.   So my suggestion to my colleagues is we have gotten no benefit out of  this. If anything, we have lost because we don't enforce age. We have  gotten no new innovative products. We are not even on the horizon  looking at a proposed pathway. There is not a pathway. I question  whether there is even one perceived, even though we have 1,000 people  working at CTP--soon to be cut by one-third by their own proposal that  is going to eliminate user fees based upon the loss of sales of menthol  products.   So I say to my colleagues, it is extremely important that you  understand that when Commissioner Gottlieb announced his reform  initiative for the regulation of tobacco on July 28, 2017--and I  recognize the fact that we move from administration to administration,  we move from Commissioner to Commissioner, and most come in and say:  The last guy did it all wrong; I am going to do it differently. I hold  him to his word on July 28 when he said that. He said in that  announcement: The goals of the new approach will include the  development of foundational regulations to provide the rules of the  road for the review of tobacco product applications and a path to  market for less harmful products as part of the solution to end the  cycle of disease and death.   Let me repeat what I said earlier. The FDA has yet to issue a single  foundational rule as called for in July of 2017. The proposed version  of one SE rule is currently under review at the OMB.   If you are now the single agency in charge of the regulation of  tobacco and you are looking at how to reduce the harm of the product,  wouldn't your focus first be on how you approve technological products  that meet the threshold of reduced risk? If you saw an increase in  youth usage, would you not look at a period of time, like 7 years, and  ask yourself, is this an anomaly?   We will have a report next month from CDC of their annual tobacco  survey. There must be something alarming in it relative to youth usage  of e-cigarettes alone, and I don't dispute what they found. If, in  fact, we find that menthol took a spike up and they say 11 percent of  our youth are using it, I will question the science of their survey,  with the trend that has consistently built over the last 7 years.   But I would also make this point: If there is an age limitation on e- cigarettes, just as there is on combustibles, are we not smart to first  go in and find an enforcement mechanism for age if, in fact, our  concern is that our youth are using the product?   In essence, what they have done with the menthol rule is they  suggested: We don't want to enforce the age thing. That is hard. What  is easy for us to do is to do something that is political. It doesn't  change much, but we can go out and say ``Look at what we did. We  eliminated access to this product.''   The majority of the people who use this product are adults. The tax  revenues at the State, local, and Federal levels are huge.   As a matter of fact, one of the settlements that were made prior to  the Tobacco Control Act was the Master Settlement Agreement. That was  before the Presiding Office was Governor and before some in this room  might have been born. It was in 1998, and it was a significant change  for an industry. They agreed not only to defray Medicaid costs at the  State level; they agreed to an annual payment. That annual payment was  more than $200 billion in manufacturer funds to defray the cost of  healthcare to States through Medicaid resulting from the use of tobacco  products and to develop cessation programs to get Americans to quit  smoking.   Let me suggest to you that it is not the industry that is fighting  this; it is the industry that is fueling this. They are funding it.  They are the ones funding the CTP. They are the ones funding the  education programs. They are actually the ones that are supplementing  Medicaid funding in States.   Well, let me say to Commissioner Gottlieb and to those bright folks  over at CTP: When you do this, you are eliminating a portion of that  $200 billion that is calculated based upon the sale of products in the  marketplace, and you are reducing the shared cost of Medicaid. For many  States that have diverted that money to other things, you are reducing  economic development. I think one State was building sidewalks with  tobacco money in one large city.   I could be critical of how they have done it and what they have used  it for, but I do know this: I went far enough in math to know that if  you reduce the amount of sales and if the payment is figured based on  sales, then you reduce the take States and cities are going to get from  taxes or from the settlement.   So I say to my colleagues, concentrate on this number--2.5 percent  was the last number the CDC came out and said that of our youth, this  is the percentage that use menthol products.   We should not quit until that number is zero. If you want to make  that number zero for youth under 18 today for all tobacco products, I  have the answer: enforce the law. Hold retailers  [[Page S784]]  accountable. Do the same raids on tobacco that you do with alcohol. We  probably will never get to zero, but we might do better than 2.5  percent of menthol or 8.5 percent of overall tobacco usage.   I want to summarize because I know there are other colleagues who  wish to speak. I assure my colleagues, and I assure Commissioner  Gottlieb and all the individuals who work at the CTP at the Food and  Drug Administration, I am going to be down here every week. These  speeches are going to get longer and longer and they will get more and  more detailed because I want my colleagues who aren't here to  understand the debate we went through, the decisions we made, and the  assumptions that were made for consolidating these Agencies into one  Agency versus multiple Agencies, and what they said would happen. I can  give my own report card, and I am giving it to you. They have done  zero. All of these matters about reduced-harm products that the FDA was  going to set up, transitional, foundational rules don't exist.   It is 10 years later. It is 2 years after the current Commissioner  got in and said: We are going to do this.   Well, I am still waiting. Rather than produce things which adults can  take advantage of--tools to get off of combustible cigarettes--what is  the action all of a sudden they take? To everybody's amazement, they  said: We are going to ban menthol from the marketplace.   I mentioned Canada earlier. They banned menthol and, 3 years later,  they approved cannabis as a legal product. I am not accusing the  administration of having that pathway, though it does raise suspicion  because it is not the administration of reduced regulation and onerous  government when you see what the FDA is proposing to a legal consumer  product, but I will state that the Commissioner announced not long ago  that they were beginning to review products that were derived from  cannabis, oils, and other things that they thought they could safely  approve for use in the United States.   Well, Mr. Commissioner, you are only fueling my fears that you are  following the roadmap Canada followed; that this is all a bait-and- switch situation. Not only is it not valid to suggest we are doing this  because of our youth, you are doing it to prove that the Food and Drug  Administration can overreach and not be slapped and that somewhere down  the road you may come to the same conclusion Canada did; rather than  enforce cannabis and illegal drugs, let's just approve them. Let's make  them legal. Boy, that is a sad day. It is shocking to me as one who has  been engaged in this debate for now 25 years.   We are extremely worried about the combustible impact of cigarettes-- and we should be--but States don't have any concerns about the  combustible nature of cannabis. There are no filters on it. There are  no regulations on the paper that is used, even though it is legal in  some States. As a matter of fact, we have less research on cannabis in  this country than any legal product that exists, including bandaids.   There is more research and development and approval that goes into  bandaids than goes into cannabis in the States where it is legal for  either recreational or medical use.   So I would state to Commissioner Gottlieb, in the insane world you  have created, if you are going to head down this road, No. 1, expect  Congress to weigh in but, No. 2, understand that if you begin to loosen  up the legal use of cannabis, then we are going to hold you to the same  standards you display for everyone else, everything that you hold a  drug manufacturer to, that you hold a drug device manufacturer to, and,  quite honestly, that you hold the tobacco industry to. Don't think you  are going to slide this by and there are not going to be regulations or  that we are going to adopt the Canada model or we are going to continue  letting States do what they are doing.   If you are worried about somebody burning a product and inhaling it  into their lungs, there better be as much concern about that as it  relates to marijuana use. Why is there no effort--given that this is  legal from a recreational and medical standpoint--from the FDA to study  this and put the science out?   It only suggests to me that science is not important. Yet this is the  institution that is the gold standard for the use of science. There is  a scientific reason for why it takes 304 days to get a new drug  approved. There is no scientific reason that it takes 360 days to  approve as acceptable changing the paper on a combustible cigarette.   I am not creating this pathway, the FDA did. It started with the U.S.  Congress providing this much authority to one Agency, an Agency they  believed could do everything. Because they are not funded by the U.S.  Congress for this piece--they are funded by the industry--do you know  what? They think Congress has no say in it.   Do you know who funds 75 percent of new drug applications that are  filed, reviewed, and approved? The drug industry. Seventy-three percent  of applications they review and approve for the medical device industry  are funded by the medical device industry.   With regard to generic drugs, which we all want more of because they  drive down the cost of drugs in America, all of a sudden the FDA has a  backlog that is years-long for approving generic applications. They  said, if only we had a user fee agreement for generic drugs, and that  user fee agreement is over 60 percent of the cost of approving a  generic drug. What has happened? The backlog is every bit as big today  as it was when the user fee was created. So if my colleagues wonder why  I am standing in the way of a user fee agreement for over-the-counter  drugs, it is because I figured this out.   They get funded by the industry. Their actual work goes down. The  American people pay the tab for the user fees that are sent to the FDA,  while the price of drugs, devices, cigarettes, and over-the-counter  drugs goes up. When Congress stands up and says explain this, they look  at us--and we control 25 percent of their budget for any given center-- and they say: We are going to go talk to the people who pay 75 percent  of our budget, not to you.   The last thing I will share is that 25 years ago it wasn't like this.  Twenty-five years ago, we appropriated everybody's budget in the  administration. One hundred percent of the money for the FDA was  appropriated by Congress. When I, as a Member of the U.S. Senate,  picked up the phone and called the FDA, they didn't want to answer my  question over the phone. They wanted to come to my office that day and  answer it. They wanted to actually solve the problem.   I just went through a period of time where I gave FDA 2 weeks to  respond to letters and, in some cases, it took a month to get a  response.   They don't think we play a role in this. Yet we set legislation  priorities for the country. I would suggest to my colleagues that this  is an isolated example, that is true, but it is an example of a much  bigger problem within the Food and Drug Administration and this  Commissioner; that Congress is insignificant to them; that you can be  called up to provide oversight in front of a committee, and you can say  whatever because we have no clarity and no transparency inside the  system. So they can tell me the review time has gone down 47 days since  last year. I don't know whether it is accurate. I can only tell you  this. I don't see it in the numbers of third parties that do reviews. I  see actions such as this with no science to substantiate it, and I have  to question the science they use across the landscape of products they  review.   The Food and Drug Administration regulates 25 cents of every dollar  of the U.S. economy. This ought to be something that not just my  colleagues but the American people should be concerned with.   If you believe my argument is half accurate and this is ill-advised,  for God's sake, pick up the phone and call the White House switchboard  and tell the President, who came in to reduce regulation, that there is  an Agency that is not listening.   Not only is there an Agency that is not listening, the President has  a Commissioner that went on Twitter, and there was a tweet that said  the President's numbers are going down, and the Commissioner ``liked''  the tweet. Maybe I will say that a few more times so the President will  see it or hear it, but maybe somebody is listening who will tell him.   I am not interested in a single individual's political goal. This has  to be an individual political goal because  [[Page S785]]  there is no science to substantiate what they are doing, and the losers  are the localities and States in taxes and States in settlement  payments but, more importantly, adults who choose this product because  it is legal.   Now the FDA says, with the strike of a pen: We can eliminate it. It  is no longer a choice you have.   That is not the America I signed up for, but I did sign up to come  here and fight for things I thought weren't in the best long-term  interests of the country. This is at the top of my list right now. You  will hear me often.   I yield the floor.   