 Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished ranking Republican  member of the Appropriations Committee, my good friend, Ms. Granger,  for yielding.   I want to begin, Mr. Chair, on a positive note. I want to thank,  particularly, my working partner, Rosa DeLauro, whom I have had the  great opportunity to work with now for the fifth year. There are a lot  of good things in this bill, a lot of things to be proud of. Frankly,  we have worked together in the past and continued to work together in  this bill.   I am particularly pleased with the additional support for the  National Institutes of Health and for the Centers for Disease Control.  [[Page H4455]]    I very much support the focus on early childhood education, on first- generation college students through programs like TRIO and GEAR UP,  frankly, through our ChalleNGe children, the IDEA program, and many  other good provisions. However, there are certainly a number of other  things in this bill that mean I won't be able to support it at this  time.   I was disappointed to see language inserted throughout the bill that  ties the hands of the administration in many ways. The bill forces a  return to the Obama-era policies on Title X family programs. The bill  ties the hands of the administration by not allowing it to process  waivers that protect deeply held religious beliefs of institutions that  provide vital services funded in the bill.   The bill micromanages the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services,  even going so far as to prescribe specific amounts of money to be used  in advertising programs.   I am also concerned about a number of limitations in this bill that  are going to lead to a Presidential veto.   While the bill does many good things, I remain concerned that it has  been developed in a vacuum. As my good friend, the ranking member,  said, these numbers are simply too high. They are not going to be  accepted by a Republican Senate. They are not going to be signed by the  President of the United States, and we run the risk of a Presidential  veto.   We need to come together, Mr. Chair, House and Senate, Republicans  and Democrats, with the administration to hammer out a deal on top-line  funding before we can move forward and actually move this bill into  law.   Finally, I would be remiss if I did not mention the significant  crisis facing us on our southern border. That has yet to be addressed  in this bill, and a number of our speakers have made that point.   The Department of Health and Human Services, Mr. Chair, is at the  breaking point. We literally will go broke this month taking care of  unaccompanied children unless the majority works with the  administration and their Republican colleagues to address this problem.   I want to end by announcing that I will oppose the bill, but I look  forward to working with my friends on the other side as we go through  the process. I am convinced that under Chairwoman Lowey's leadership  with Ranking Member Granger, we can arrive at a good solution for the  country.   This is a work in progress, and I think it is going to get better as  it moves through the process.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Smith), my good friend, and the most distinguished defender  of life in this Chamber.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, the bill as reported out of the full Appropriations  Committee contains a poison pill which my amendment seeks to remove.   The rider of the underlying bill blocks the exercise of civil rights  of all Americans.   Last month, the Department of Health and Human Services issued a rule  which gives the Office for Civil Rights the tools it needs to  investigate discrimination and enforce the laws as written.   The new rule protects physicians, pharmacists, nurses, teachers,  students, and faith-based charities, who do not wish to provide,  participate in, pay for, provide coverage for, or refer to services  such as abortion, sterilization, or assisted suicide.   The Labor-HHS bill will never become law if this language remains in  it.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   