 Madam Speaker, while most Americans--maybe not  everybody on the other side of the aisle--would not deny we have a  crisis at the border, some of my colleagues actually recognize the  crisis, including the humanitarian crisis.   Last year, I voted for a bill that would have fully funded the wall  and averted the government shutdown, to no avail. My choice this term  would have been to pass the six noncontroversial bills and then pass a  continuing resolution for the Department of Homeland Security so we  could continue to work and negotiate on a resolution that would not  have put us at this point.   Yes, the President declared a national emergency. Speaker Pelosi then  proceeded to the resolution condemning President Trump's emergency  declaration, which was a messaging bill by the Democrats. Voting for it  would have been playing politics, which many in this Chamber chose to  do. Voting today without the votes to override is yet another messaging  bill, yet another game of politics which I will not support.   I agree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle: It is a  constitutional question, and determination of constitutional authority  is something left to the courts to decide, something the Supreme Court  should decide, and not a partisan whack job in the House of  Representatives.   If Congress wishes to narrow and define more clearly the National  Emergencies Act, then we should do so, and, in fact, I am happy to  participate in doing that. However, in the interim, we still have the  issue of securing our border. It will not go away.   The crisis is not going away. As my colleagues over here have  indicated, it continues to be a growing problem. So why we don't spend  time addressing that rather than one more messaging vote--which appears  to be the trend right now in this House since January--befuddles me.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the resolution  to override the veto, and I urge my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, let's get down to dealing with the problems of the American  people.   