 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it was a good August. While I head back  to South Dakota almost every weekend, August gives me the chance to  spend multiple uninterrupted weeks back home visiting with South  Dakotans and traveling to the far corners of the State.   August is also fair season in South Dakota, and there is nothing  better than a South Dakota fair. This year I got to attend the South  Dakota State Fair, the Brown County Fair, the Sioux Empire Fair, the  Turner County Fair, and the McCook County Fair, to name a few on the  list. As usual, I had a great time at all of them. Of course, the  people are the best part of the fair, although I have to say that the  fair food is not far behind. I am still enjoying at this late date the  Tubby Burger  [[Page S5454]]  that I had at the Brown County Fair, and I will tell you that they  don't have burgers like that here in Washington, DC.   Agriculture is the lifeblood of South Dakota, and, as always, a lot  of my conversations over August were centered on agriculture. Farmers  and ranchers have had a very rough few years, and addressing the needs  of our agriculture community is one of my top priorities in Congress.   One big concern for our producers is ethanol and biodiesel. While we  received some good news this year with the approval of year-round E15  sales, the ethanol industry is still facing significant challenges  owing to the excess of small refinery waivers that have been issued--an  issue we continue to try to address.   Perhaps the biggest concern for our farmers right now is trade.  Multiple protracted trade disputes have exacerbated an already  struggling ag economy and have left farmers and ranchers unsure how  markets are going to be going forward.   While ranchers received some good news in August with the  announcement that the administration has reached a deal to increase  U.S. beef sales to Europe, that is just a tiny fraction of what we need  to be doing trade-wise. Each time I speak with the President and his  administration, I tell them what South Dakota farmers have told me: We  need to conclude negotiations on the various trade deals we are working  on as soon as possible to open new markets and to expand existing ones  and to give agricultural producers certainty about what the playing  field is going to look like going forward.   One of my priorities right now is pushing for passage of the United  States-Mexico-Canada free-trade agreement. The United States-Mexico- Canada Agreement will preserve farmers' access to two of our Nation's  most significant agricultural export markets--Canada and Mexico--and  substantially expand market access for U.S. dairy products in Canada.  Negotiations on this agreement have already been concluded. We need  Democrats in the House to indicate their willingness to take it up and  pass it.   August is always a great time to share with South Dakotans what I am  working on in Washington and to get their feedback, which is why I am  glad I had the opportunity to host several townhall meetings across the  State, toured numerous local businesses, and visited nearly every  corner of South Dakota.   As South Dakotans know, I am a longtime member of the Senate  Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee. I served as chairman  of the committee in the last Congress, and I currently chair the  Commerce Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and  the Internet. This has given me the chance to address a number of  issues facing Americans and South Dakotans, from the frustration of  illegal robocalls to the data privacy concerns we all face in the  internet age. It has also given me the chance to focus on digital  issues that affect rural States like South Dakota, particularly the  lack of high-speed internet access in rural areas.   To residents of large cities, being without access to high-speed  internet is unthinkable, but for families in rural areas, which lack  the telecommunications infrastructure of cities and suburbs, even basic  internet access can sometimes be a struggle. Broadband access is  frequently just a dream, and that has real consequences for these  Americans.   It is not just a matter of being able to stream Netflix without  interruption. In our digital economy, a lack of reliable, high-speed  internet access means losing out on opportunities to grow your  business, it means fewer educational opportunities, and it means fewer  healthcare resources in areas that already lack easy access to  specialty care services. Telehealth promises to reduce some of the  geographic barriers to care for individuals in rural areas, but it  depends largely on high-speed internet access. Then there is the  rapidly developing field of precision agriculture. Precision  agriculture, which uses tools like robotics and remote monitoring to  help farmers manage their fields, promises to help farmers  substantially increase their yields while reducing their costs. But,  once again, it depends on reliable access to high-speed internet.   That is why I have made this issue such a priority. Nationwide, the  digital divide is shrinking, as more and more Americans gain access to  broadband. In South Dakota, we are ahead of the curb, thanks to people  like Sioux Falls Mayor Paul TenHaken, who has worked aggressively to  remove barriers to telecommunications investment in cities like Sioux  Falls. I was very encouraged by the Federal Communications Commission's  recent announcement that it will invest $705 million over the next  decade to bring broadband to rural areas in South Dakota that currently  go without.   There is more work to be done, and I am committed to pushing this  issue until reliable broadband access is standard in rural America.  During the last week of the August break, I brought the Commerce  Committee to Sioux Falls to conduct a field hearing on rural broadband.  We brought an FCC Commissioner with us so that he could hear directly  from South Dakotans who are on the frontlines of rural broadband  expansion and leading the innovations that come along with it. It was a  great hearing, and I am very encouraged by the progress we are making  on this issue. I look forward to doing more work on this issue in the  coming months.   I am energized by the time that I spent with South Dakotans during  the August break, and I am looking forward to continuing to fight for  South Dakota's priorities here in Washington this fall.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Rubio) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe),  the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Arizona (Ms.  McSally), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), the Senator from Georgia  (Mr. Perdue), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts), and the Senator  from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Rubio) would have voted ``yea.''   