 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Sires for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan H. Res. 585,  which I introduced along with my Republican colleague Peter King.   This resolution reaffirms the United States' support for the Good  Friday Agreement and other agreements in order to ensure a lasting  peace in Northern Ireland.   I want to start by thanking Chairman Engel for his support of this  bipartisan resolution and for his decades-long commitment to bringing a  lasting peace to the island of Ireland.   I also thank, again, my fellow Long Islander Peter King, my lead  Republican cosponsor of this resolution, who has been a staunch  advocate for the Good Friday Agreement and the peace process for the  length and breadth of his entire career in public service, over 30  years.   I thank all of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle on the  House Committee on Foreign Affairs and from the Congressional Friends  of Ireland who cosponsored this resolution. Particularly, I thank my  friend Bill Keating, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on  Europe, Eurasia, Energy, and the Environment.   Mr. Speaker, the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998 was a  momentous achievement that marked the official end of The Troubles, a  dark period in history that saw communities torn apart, thousands of  people killed, and the island of Ireland literally divided by a hard  border.   While the Good Friday Agreement has been largely responsible for the  relative peace on the island of Ireland over the last two decades,  recent events have created uncertainty and put the agreement at risk.   The collapse of the key power-sharing agreement in early 2017 has  created a roadblock to continued progress on several important issues.  Furthermore, the uncertainty created by Brexit has led to fears of  instability and even the reintroduction of a hard border separating the  Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.   Next week, the people of the United Kingdom will go to the polls in a  crucial election that will determine the outcome of Brexit. While it  would be inappropriate for any American elected official to interfere  in another country's electoral process, it is important that the United  States makes our position clear on policies in which we have a vested  interest.    This resolution reiterates the United States' full support for the  implementation of the Good Friday Agreement. It also urges the parties  to continue their dialogues in the hope that the governing institutions  created by the agreement can once again operate.   This resolution also makes it clear that as the United Kingdom  continues to work through the Brexit process, all parties should ensure  that the final outcome supports peace on the island of Ireland, as well  as all the principles, objectives, and commitments of the Good Friday  Agreement. In particular, this resolution expresses strong opposition  to the reintroduction of a hard border between the Republic of Ireland  and Northern Ireland. A return to a hard border, as Congressman Boyle  has repeatedly pointed out, could do immense damage and must be avoided  at all costs.   I am pleased that in Brexit negotiations so far, all parties seem to  agree that a hard border is unacceptable, and I urge continued  adherence to this position.   Finally, this resolution makes it clear that should the United States  and the United Kingdom pursue a bilateral trade agreement in the  aftermath of Brexit, that any such deal will be contingent on meeting  the obligations of the Good Friday Agreement.   As a member of the House Ways and Means Committee, which I would have  jurisdiction over any such deal, I promise to ensure that this clause  of this resolution is strictly enforced.   I know that my good friend Richie Neal, who has cosponsored this  resolution and who serves not only as chairman of the Ways and Means  Committee but also as co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Friends  of Ireland, feels exactly the same way.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to take a moment to thank my good friend and  constituent Marty Glennon for his years of activism in support of the  peace process. His wisdom and support of this resolution as it made its  way through the legislative process has been extremely valuable.   During these difficult times of often partisan and divided  government, it is gratifying to see such overwhelming bipartisan  support to ensure that Brexit and other political challenges do not  threaten the Good Friday Agreement or the peace process.   When my great-grandfather, Jeremiah Holmes, first emigrated from the  Emerald Isle in the late 1800s, leaving his home in Bweeng outside of  Malllow in County Cork, little did he know that his son would go on to  work for IBEW, putting lights on the Empire State Building. Little did  he know that, one day, his great-grandson would be a Member of the  House of Representatives and work to continue the United States'  important role in preserving peace on the island of Ireland.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge the passage of this important bipartisan  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Sires for yielding me this time.   I rise in strong support of the bipartisan Senate bill 178, which  holds the Chinese Government accountable for their truly horrific  treatment--let me say that again--truly horrific treatment of the  Uighur Muslim minorities, including the mass internment of over 1  million people who are subjected to systemized brainwashing, sexual  abuse, and forced labor in western China.   I want to start by thanking Chairman Engel and Subcommittee Chairman  Sherman for bringing attention to this issue and supporting this  legislation to penalize China for its egregious human rights violations  against the Uighurs. I am proud to have worked with Representative  Chris Smith from New Jersey and Senator Marco Rubio from Florida to  help write part of this truly bipartisan legislation.   Mr. Speaker, Uighur families are prohibited from practicing their  Muslim faith. They are often separated from their family members and  prohibited from reading the Koran, making their daily prayers, and in  some instances are forced to eat pork even during Ramadan, which, of  course, violates their religion.   The so-called reeducation camps in China where Uighurs are forced to  work in food, textile, or manufacturing  [[Page H9207]]  jobs in or near the mass internment camps are, of course, repugnant to  our values and violate human rights.   The brutal religious-based persecution of the Uighurs in China is  alarming, but it is not new. China has continued to repress anyone who  does not conform to their system, including Tibetans, Christians, and,  of course, the people of Hong Kong, as we have seen in recent events.   Since President Nixon went to China in 1971, most Americans have  believed that with increased economic integration and exposure to our  system of democracy in the west, the Chinese Government would some day  adopt some of our fundamental values. This clearly has not happened.   Not only does the Chinese Government reject any real steps towards  democracy, continue its unfair trade practices, and cheat by stealing  our intellectual property, but it also continually violates human  rights.   The United States must hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable  for its repression of the Uighurs and active disregard for  international law.   I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this important and,  again, truly bipartisan legislation.   