 Mr. President, as our colleague from Iowa just pointed  out, these problems not only need to be solved, but they are solvable.  At the core of the debate we are having right now is obviously border  security. Everybody says they are for border security, but they have  different views of what that means.   I want to start by saying that I fully support the President's call  for a more secure border, and, frankly, I think physical barriers are  part of that. We have thought that for a long time. They work. People  who now are opposed to them generally have often been for them.   In fact, a generation ago, we began improving and expanding barriers  in a few areas along the southern border, and in every instance, they  have made a difference.   In 1992, the U.S. Government built a wall in the San Diego sector of  U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the number of people caught  crossing that border decreased by 95 percent when the barrier was  erected.   The border is not exactly like a bank. You don't have to have a level  of security that nobody can ever get through at any time, under any  circumstances, but if you have a solution that solves 95 percent of the  problem, that may be about all we can afford to do in terms of solving  the problem that way. That barrier, that wall, that fence south of San  Diego did exactly that.   The next year, we built a wall in El Paso, TX, at that part of the  border, and there was a decrease of 95 percent there as well.   In 2000, we built a wall at the Tucson, AZ, sector, and apprehensions  there dropped 90 percent.   We have a 90-percent solution or a 95-percent solution. That is  reasonable to the American people who think that the job of the Federal  Government--and they are right in this--that one of the jobs of the  Federal Government is to secure its border.   You wouldn't have to look very far in troubled parts of the world to  find a story about Lebanon or some other country--to read that sentence  that says: This government is not truly functional because they don't  have control over their own borders. It is a reasonable expectation of  government.   In 2000, as I said, we built a wall in Tucson.   You can call this whatever you want to. If you are offended when I  say ``wall'' or ``fence,'' you say whatever you want to say--it has the  same impact.   I have been to the border a number of times. I have walked along the  barriers there. I have been on one side of the fence--the two sides of  a fence with a patrolled roadway in between. It looked pretty effective  to me, and the numbers indicate it was effective.   In 2005, when we added a wall in the Yuma part of the Arizona sector,  apprehensions went down another 95 percent.   We have President Clinton and Presidents Bush--Bush 43 and Bush 41-- all were part of thinking barriers worked, and the Congress was too.  There was not an issue as to whether a wall works, where a wall works,  until President Trump as a candidate began to talk about building a  wall. They have made a big difference in the areas where we have tried  them in the past.   The President has often said in recent days that the wall doesn't  necessarily work everywhere, and I fully agree with that. We couldn't  afford to have the wall everywhere, and if we did have the wall  everywhere, you would have to monitor it with some remote monitoring  device anyway because there are large sections of the border where  there aren't people and where there is no access. It doesn't mean you  can't monitor that. It doesn't mean you can't have that kind of a wall  erected. We need to do that.   In November, there were nearly 52,000 people who were caught trying  to sneak across the border. Now, you can act like that is not a very  big problem--unless you have ever lived in a community of, say, 52,000  people, and then you realize that is a lot of people. And in 1 month  alone, they were coming across the southwest border.   According to the Department of Homeland Security, nearly 17,000  criminals were apprehended trying to get into the country last year.  That is about half of the population of the capital city of Missouri.  Seventeen thousand people trying to get in with a criminal record just  last year.   We have seen a 50-percent increase in gang members being caught  trying to come into the country illegally and a 73-percent increase in  the seizures of fentanyl.   One of the things we do in the health and human services area that I  work in and appropriate for and work for an appropriate opioid response  is try to figure out how we can get fentanyl out of this system, how we  can get something out of this system that is deadly for a significant  number of the people who turn to that as they get addicted to  painkillers. If the fentanyl seizures are up 73 percent over where they  were the year before, something needs to be done. We clearly need to  secure our borders.   I support the immigration system. I am a proponent of legal  immigration. I think how we meet the workforce needs of the country,  how we deal with the fact that we have people who are here who aren't  legal, who have otherwise not gotten in trouble in the country--about  half of them came across the border, and about half of them came in  some other way and decided, this is a pretty doggone good place, and I  want to stay here and am afraid to go home because I may not get back-- how do we deal with that? How do we deal with this in a way that we  meet our workforce needs, that the skill needs of the country are met?  And skill needs can be unskilled people--we don't have people willing  to do some unskilled jobs--and highly skilled people. We don't have  enough people doing their jobs in an economy that is growing faster  than the economy has grown in a long time. The economic numbers in some  cases are better than they have been in 50 years and in most cases have  been better than they have been in at least a decade.   Every part of the border doesn't need to be secured the same way, but  the border needs to be secured. Our friends on the other side, in what  has been a pretty impressive show of party unity, have just decided  that they want to reject the options of how we secure the border.  People who have voted to build and maintain almost 700 miles of border  fencing have suddenly decided that another 50 miles or another 2 miles  is immoral. Talk about selective immorality. That it is OK to have 700  miles of fence but it is not OK to have 702 miles of fence is a very  interesting place, it seems to me, to draw the line.   Our friends on the other side have rejected attempts to fix the way  we deal with children who are brought across the border or come across  on their own. There are 48,000 children right now that the U.S.  Government is doing their best to take care of--I hope and insist that  we do that--who came across the border on their own. Another 2,600 or  so came across the border with an adult. More often than not, that  adult was their parent, but not always. We have 50,000 children who  came across the border, and there is no response to any ideas that the  administration brings up, no positive response from the other side as  to how to deal with that.   They have rejected adding beds at detention centers for people who  are caught crossing the border illegally. Why would you do that? Why  would you not want to have additional space for people who are in  custody for illegal behavior? I suppose because it becomes so  critically important that people just be released on their own  recognizance, to come back at a later time.   Some of our friends on the other side, in fact, have called for the  complete  [[Page S87]]  abolition of U.S. Customs and Immigration Enforcement efforts. At the  very time when these are some of the most stressed people working on  behalf of the country for the Federal Government, we have people on the  other side saying we should eliminate border enforcement.   We had a bill introduced in this Chamber last year that every Member  of the minority supported. When you read it closely--I am not at all  sure they all did because I don't believe this is the position they all  had, but when you read it closely, it was a clear open borders bill.  There was no way anybody was likely to be apprehended crossing the  border except just to tell them ``You know you are here legally now.  Come back sometime, and we will see if we can figure out what to do.''   We are for protecting people who are uniquely at risk in the country  that they come from.   Asylum is an important thing. No country in the history of the world  has been any more open than we have been to allowing people to come  here legally, to have people who legally seek asylum come here. But the  truth is, there is no asylum granted just because you are from a poor  country or from a dangerous country, so most of the people who come  saying that they are seeking asylum don't get it. Maybe that is why  most of them don't show up in court. They know that their argument-- they would rather be here than where they are from, but their argument  will never work in court for most of them, and that is clearly  understood.   We are going to have a lot better opportunity to solve the problems  we need to solve regarding the border if people have confidence that  the government has done a reasonable job of securing the border. I  don't think anybody expects the border in a big country like ours to be  so impenetrable that nobody could ever get in under any circumstances.  I think they do expect that when you have found the 90- or 95-percent  solution, appearing until now to be affordable and widely supported-- when you have found the 90-percent solution, people do expect that at  the very least that you would apply the 90-percent standard to the  responsibility of the government to secure its borders.   So whether it is trying to figure out what we need in our workforce  to have a continued growing and vibrant economy or it is trying to  figure out what we do about people who have come here and decided to  stay, whether they came here across the border or in some other way but  stayed beyond the time they were supposed to be here or got here  without going through the normal process--those are going to be much  easier to come to a conclusion on if people know that the government  has done its job to get the border under an acceptable and anticipated  level of security, which we would expect to have in a country as strong  and vibrant as ours.   Particularly for people who were brought here and grew up here, this  is an 80-percent issue in the Congress and in the country. Virtually  nobody thinks kids who grew up here and didn't get in significant  trouble shouldn't be allowed to live in the country they grew up in.  Frankly, we need them. We need young people entering the workforce. We  need people who are, in almost all cases, highly motivated.   I talked to a university president just this week who said that these  kids are the kids who, over and over again, set the standard. They are  the kids who, over and over again, prove why we want them to be in our  country.   These problems will be much more solvable if we will just deal with  the one fundamental problem of controlling our borders, of having  immigration laws that work.   I hope, as was mentioned earlier today, that we can get to this  conclusion and get to this conclusion quickly. This is obviously a  place where we need to come together. Not only does the government need  to function, but this is an issue we need to solve, and I guarantee  that all of these related issues will be more easily solved if we  secure the border.   No President has ever had the credibility that this President will  have if he says to the American people: I have met my commitment. The  border is secure. We are now continuing to work to be sure that the  court systems work, that we have protected those people who protect us  on the border. There is great credibility here if the President is  willing to get to a place that he can say that.   I think his efforts to secure the border are significant steps toward  allowing us to solve the other problems we need to solve, and we need  to solve them sooner rather than later.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   