 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5  minutes.    Madam President, I rise in support of the Congressional  Review Act resolution of disapproval of the Trump administration's so- called affordable clean energy rule, which really should be called  President Trump's dirty power plan or unclean energy rule.   To be clear, I believe that the Environmental Protection Agency has  an urgent moral responsibility and economic imperative to reduce the  global warming pollution from powerplants, which are by far the largest  stationary source of carbon pollution on our planet. I also believe  that those of us in Congress must act now to protect the American  people from the dangers posed by poor environmental quality and the  worsening impact of climate change. That is why we are holding this  vote tomorrow--to send a clear message to this administration and to  take a strong stand for the American people.   Truth be told, I am not typically a staunch supporter of the  Congressional Review Act. It is a blunt procedural tool, and I prefer  to embrace a better way to express our disapproval of the  administration's failure to address one of our Nation's major sources  of carbon pollution.   For Senate Democrats, this vote is about holding supporters of this  shortsighted, irresponsible policy accountable for surrendering  America's global leadership and for jeopardizing the health of our  planet and the promise of our children's future.   Nearly 4 years ago, the Clean Power Plan set the first Federal  targets to reduce carbon emissions from our Nation's powerplants. The  Clean Power Plan set meaningful but achievable carbon limits for fossil  fuel powerplants and gave flexibility and time for States to meet those  standards. It was not a one-size-fits-all deal. It provided quite a bit  of time and flexibility for States to try to figure out how they would  go about meeting those standards in their own way. This  administration's alternative to the Clean Power Plan--President Trump's  unclean power plan--allows States to decide whether to regulate harmful  emissions. At the same time, this rule will, at best, have essentially  no impact on powerplant carbon emissions--no impact.  [[Page S5827]]    Let me say that again. At best, this rule will have essentially no  impact on powerplant carbon emissions. At worst, it will increase  emissions by extending these plants' lifespans and allow them to burn  more coal each year.   Today our Nation's utilities are already on track to meet and surpass  the emission reduction goals set by the Clean Power Plan way ahead of  schedule. All the while, the vast majority of Americans are now  enjoying lower utility bills, not higher utility bills, and more than 3  million Americans went to work today in the clean energy sector, which  includes jobs in renewable energy generation and energy efficiency.  Yes, you heard that right. There are more than 3 million jobs in the  clean energy sector today.   The President's dirty power plan does not build on this progress. It  does not promote affordable or clean energy. What it actually does is  attempt to scam or fool the American people into believing that the EPA  is doing something to stem the tide of climate change while taking us  backward--backward, not forward.   By repealing and replacing the Clean Power Plan, the Trump  administration is ensuring that our country forgoes a vast number of  economic opportunities of the clean energy future. Instead of building  on the Obama-Biden administration's forward-looking environmental  standards, the Trump administration, with its dirty power plan, is  refusing to see or accept that the global economy's transition to clean  energy sources is already underway. Instead of mustering the political  courage to lead on the issue of climate change, yet again, the Trump  administration is walking away from the bold action we need to address  this climate crisis.   This failure of leadership will make it all the more likely that the  worsening storms and flooding, record-setting rainfall, and volatile  temperatures we are already seeing all over the world will continue to  be our reality.   So where do our Republican colleagues stand? Tomorrow we will find  out.   Sadly, for too many of them, President Trump's dirty power plan is a  sufficient plan to address carbon pollution. In truth, it is not. It is  a failure of vision and a retreat from global leadership, and it is  time for Congress--Democrats, Republicans, and maybe an Independent or  two--to hold this administration accountable.   That is why Senate Democrats are calling for a vote on this issue.  Our government needs to provide the right market signals today if we  are going to create a clean energy tomorrow, and we need to take a  stand for a stronger economy. We need to lead the world to act on  climate change, and we need to take a stand for clean air and  environmental quality.   We can do that tomorrow by standing together against President  Trump's dirty power plan, and I hope a number of colleagues will join  us by doing just that.   It is a false statement to say we can't have cleaner air, less threat  to our planet, and create jobs. We can do both, and we need to.   I yield the floor.   