 Mr. Chair, I thank my friend from Texas.   Mr. Chairman, we are here today because the previous administration  wanted to score political points before leaving office by saving the  world for America's leadership on greenhouse gas emissions.   The former administration's chasing glory on foreign soils signed the  Paris climate agreement, or, as folks back home call it, ``the kill  America's economy agreement so China can take my jobs.''   The Constitution, Article II, Section 2, paragraph 2, sentence 1,  says very clearly: ``He shall have the power, by and with the advice  and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the  Senators present concur.''   The Paris Agreement looks, smells, and feels like a treaty.   The worst offender for climate change in the world, China, had their  legislature approve the Paris Agreement. President Obama never sent  that to the Senate for approval, and since the Paris Agreement was  never approved, it has the same power as this blank piece of paper.   Here are some numbers, some facts:   From 2000 to 2014, America's global leadership has reduced our  emissions by 18 percent.   From a study by the EIA, despite having an increase of 3.1 percent of  CO2 in 2017, we are down 14 percent from 1990 levels for  CO2.   Former Secretary of State John Kerry noted through negotiations from  Paris that if America and all of the developed countries of the world  cut their gas CO2 emissions to zero, emissions for the world  would take over, and we would still be in the same position.    Mr. Chair, in conclusion, America does not need the Paris  Agreement.   Russia needs the Paris Agreement; China needs the Paris agreement;  India needs the Paris Agreement; the European Union needs the Paris  Agreement.   We don't have to take this. We have proven to the world with  technology and the free market, we can make this Earth cleaner.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote for the families, vote for  the local jobs--vote against H.R. 9.   