 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise with love for my  country at heart.   Mr. Speaker, if I appear to have a pensive persona, it is because I  am experiencing a melancholy moment, a melancholy moment because some  2-plus years ago I came to the floor of this House, stood in the well,  and called for the impeachment of the President some 2 years ago.   That moment is now at hand, and I do feel a sense of thoughtfulness,  pensiveness because, to be very honest, I am saddened about what is  about to happen. It is not something that I want to see occur in my  country. I love my country. This is not something that I came to  Congress to be a part of, but it is about to happen.   The House will vote. The President will be impeached, after which his  case  [[Page H9954]]  will go to the Senate. The Senate will have a trial. If the Senate  convicts and removes the President from office, this will bring this  ignoble chapter in Presidential history to an end. But if the Senate  does not convict, then the President is still subject to impeachment  for other acts that are impeachable.   I have always brought my Articles of Impeachment to the floor. I have  always had a rationale for my actions. I never said to just impeach the  President because he ought to be impeached. I never felt that way. I do  not feel that way currently. Impeachment is a serious undertaking, and  I always have been serious about my actions.   I do believe that, if the Senate does not convict, other Articles of  Impeachment may be considered. Currently, we are considering two  Articles of Impeachment--abuse of power and obstruction of Congress-- but there is much more to be considered. It is my opinion that we will  still have work to do if the Senate does not convict.   To this end, I want to use an example so that people will understand  the point I am making. The President himself has said that he could  shoot someone on Fifth Avenue--these are the President's words--and he  would not lose his base of support. Well, if he does that with malice  aforethought and if someone is hurt, regardless as to what happens in  the Senate, if the Senate does not convict, the President can be  brought before the bar of justice again.   This is the bar of justice for a President who commits impeachable  acts. This is the only place where the President can be brought before  the bar of justice while he is President--right here. If he does such a  thing with malice aforethought, I would bring Articles of Impeachment  before this august body for consideration.   My prayer is that the Senate will do its job and not only receive the  Articles of Impeachment but also act on them because I believe that the  President ought to be convicted and removed from office. I have said  before and say now: He is unfit to be President. My prayer is that we  will soon end this ignoble chapter in Presidential history.   I love my country, and I stand here with my love for my country at  heart, but equally as important is my love for these babies, for people  who are being harmed by what this President has done to our society. It  fits perfectly in what Alexander Hamilton called to our attention in  Federalist Paper No. 65, for what has happened to our society?   I appreciate the articles that are being brought now, but the harm to  our society has not been eradicated. We have an unapologetic President  who continues to cause harm to this society in the vein and sense that  Alexander Hamilton reminded us would be impeachment.   Mr. Speaker, I love my country.   