 Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by stating the  obvious, if I could, when my Democratic colleagues call this bill a  compromise.   This bill is a lot of things, but a compromise it is not. It takes  away everything we have done for the last year--everything we have done  for the last year--and, poof, it is gone. It throws it away.   There is an old saying in the House: It is not the opposing party  that is the enemy; it is the Senate.   This is a great illustration of this. As a member of the  Appropriations Committee, it pains me that my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle have effectively removed my constituents from this  process by just accepting the Senate bill. Every Member of the House  and our constituents have been silenced in this. We are not represented  at all.   Not only has the Democratic majority ignored this body's role in  creating this budget, they are throwing away hundreds of hours of  hearings, of markups, and of floor time, again, as we are fighting for  our constituents. We passed a bill. The House has done our work. Let me  say it again: The House has done our work.   If this was a serious effort by our friends on the other side to open  the government, then they would pass our House bill again. Then it  would go to the Senate, and we would reconcile those two bills.   Let's consider some of the things that have been thrown away, poof,  magically gone in a puff of smoke: money for fighting wildfires; money  for our Indian brothers and sisters, including for hospital staffing;  money for road maintenance, so that children can go to school; and  money for our national parks for deferred maintenance. The list goes on  and on.   I ran for Congress because I wanted to represent my district. This  bill is my district; 70 percent of my district is owned by the Federal  Government.   How can I just sit by and say that my constituents will have no voice  in this bill or in this appropriations process at all?   Finally, my friends on the other side know these bills don't stand a  chance of actually becoming law. They know that. The Senate won't take  these up. The President has said he won't sign it.   Mr. Speaker, if you want to talk compromise, then let's actually try  to do that. Let us take where we are and let us take where the Senate  is and try to bring them together. That, Mr. Speaker, is compromise.   