 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute as in morning business.    Mr. President, May has been recognized as National  Foster Care Month for over 20 years to bring awareness to the  challenges that foster youth face.   Through my work on the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, I have had the  opportunity to hear firsthand what children in foster care need. They  need love, support, safety, and permanency. They need a family. I  salute all those who dedicate their time and resources to help these  kids.   In moving forward, I will continue to work to find better solutions  and to secure better outcomes for youth in foster care.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for an additional 1  minute as in morning business.    Mr. President, last week, the Department of Labor  released its monthly scorecard for the U.S. workforce.   The unemployment rate fell to 3.6 percent, which is the lowest rate  since December 1969--a new 50-year low. Moreover, an additional 263,000  jobs were created. Job gains have averaged a robust 218,000 over the  past 12 months. Additionally, for the ninth straight month, year-over- year nominal wage gains have equaled or exceeded 3 percent.   It is good to see this administration's tax reform and pro-growth  policies continuing to improve the daily lives of all Americans.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, the taxpayers spent $30 million on the  special counsel's investigation. Now we know without a single doubt  that there was no collusion by the Trump campaign with Russia. For more  than 2 years, the Democrats screamed collusion and did so not based on  fact but based on rumor, hearsay, and probably wishful thinking. They  have done a huge disservice to the American people by taking that  approach.   As I have said before, the real collusion was actually with the  Democrats. Here is how it has evolved. It was the Clinton campaign and  Democratic National Committee that hired Fusion GPS to do opposition  research against Candidate Trump. Then Fusion GPS hired Christopher  Steele, a former British intelligence officer, to compile what we now  hear always referred to as the Steele dossier. That document was very  central to the fake collusion narrative, and it reportedly used Russian  Government sources for information. So the Democrats paid for a  document created by a foreign national that relied on Russian  Government sources--not Trump; the Democrats. That is the definition of  collusion.   But Democratic collusion didn't stop there. Last week, The Hill  newspaper reported that a Democratic National Committee contractor  contacted the Ukrainian Government to get dirt on the Trump and  Manafort during the Presidential election. Specifically, the Democratic  National Committee contractor reportedly ``wanted to collect evidence  that Trump, his organization and Manafort were Russian assets working  to hurt the U.S. and working with Putin against U.S. interests.''   The Democrats were up in arms about the Trump Tower meeting when the  Trump campaign was approached about dirt on Hillary Clinton. Here, the  DNC proactively pounded the door of a foreign government for dirt.  Where is the outrage at that? The special counsel ignored all of that  in his report; thus, he didn't fulfill all of his responsibilities.   The Deputy Attorney General appointed Mueller in May of 2017 to  investigate alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia  during the 2016 election. The Deputy Attorney General further ordered  that if the special counsel believed it was necessary and appropriate,  he was authorized to ``prosecute federal crimes arising from the  investigation of these matters.'' But that is not what the special  counsel did on the obstruction question. Instead, the special counsel  declined to make a traditional prosecutorial decision. The report said  that ``[t]he evidence that we obtained about the President's actions  and intent presents difficult issues that prevent us from conclusively  determining that no criminal conduct occurred.''   As the Attorney General said when he released the report and then  again in his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week,  the role of a prosecutor ``is to make a charging decision.'' It isn't a  prosecutor's job to exonerate a subject; it is to charge a crime or, in  the alternative, not to charge a crime. But in his report, the special  counsel explains his decision not to even make a decision. He says,  among other things, that stating the President had committed a  chargeable offense without actually charging him, under the Justice  Department's guidance, would be unfair to the President because,  according to the special counsel, then the President couldn't defend  himself properly before a neutral factfinder. Instead, the special  counsel laid out 200 or so pages of facts and hand-wringing relating to  the obstruction and then dumped all of this material on the Attorney  General's desk.   It reminds me of former FBI Director Comey's declaration in the  summer of 2016 that Secretary Clinton was extremely careless in  handling classified information but that no reasonable prosecutor would  bring a case against Secretary Clinton. FBI Director Comey made a  prosecutorial decision that wasn't his to make; it was up to the  Attorney General to make. That was Attorney General Lynch. Comey also  released derogatory information about Secretary Clinton and then  refused to show all of his work.   The special counsel's report is at least equally problematic. The  report lays out 200 pages of investigative product but leaves the  charging decision hanging in Never Never Land. Nevertheless, the report  asserts that if the special counsel team could have found the President  did not commit obstruction, they would have said so. But, again, that  is not what prosecutors do. That is a reversal of the innocent until  proven guilty standard that is basic to American justice. If it really  were a thorough investigation, it seems the inverse would be true as  well. The inverse is that, after a thorough investigation, the special  counsel did not have enough evidence to conclusively state obstruction  actually occurred.   During the Attorney General's May 1 testimony before the Senate  Judiciary Committee, he noted that if the special counsel found facts  sufficient to constitute obstruction, he would have stated that  finding.   Curiously, the special counsel spilled a lot of ink in his report to  explain why he believed the President could be charged as a matter of  legal theory. So why didn't he just make that decision or at least make  a very clear recommendation to the Attorney General and stand behind  his own theories?   The Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General asked Mueller  whether he would have charged obstruction but for the Department's  guidance on charging sitting Presidents. The special counsel said no,  which means, if warranted, that there was no barrier for him to make  that charge.   In the absence of a decision from the special counsel, it was then up  to the  [[Page S2630]]  Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General, who appointed Mueller  and supervised his work. The Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney  General reviewed all of the facts and evidence that the special counsel  collected. The Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General  evaluated it under Mueller's own legal theories, even though they  disagreed with some of those theories. After all of that, the Attorney  General and the Deputy Attorney General determined that the evidence  was not sufficient to charge.   Oddly, the special counsel's report is probably the most notable for  what it doesn't address at all.   The special counsel's report does not address the genesis of the  Russia investigation. It doesn't address whether the FBI used improper  surveillance techniques on the Trump campaign or individuals associated  with the Trump campaign. It doesn't address the credibility of the  FBI's sources.   It doesn't address whether the Steele dossier was a Russian  disinformation campaign. Even one of the reporters at the publication  that initially dumped the dossier into the public domain wants to know  where it came from and what it means. The special counsel's report  doesn't address whether Department of Justice officials turned a blind  eye to potential misconduct. It also doesn't address whether the  Department of Justice misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court when it applied for that court's decision against the Trump  campaign.   So now we know what reasonable people have long suspected--there was  no collusion and no obstruction of the collusion investigation. Yet we  still don't know how this so-called collusion investigation got started  in the first place.   In March 2017, then-FBI Director James Comey testified that he  briefed President-elect Trump about these allegations in January 2017  even though, according to his public testimony, Director Comey  considered them to be, in his words, ``salacious and unverified.'' If,  in fact, they were salacious and unverified in early 2017, then what  were they months before that when Comey started the investigation? We  know the allegations against Page were unverified when they were used  by the FBI and the Justice Department to support a FISA application to  spy--yes, spy--on an American citizen, an American citizen who, by the  way, has never been charged with anything.   In January of 2018, Senator Lindsey Graham and this Senator wrote to  the Deputy Attorney General and FBI Director Christopher Wray about the  allegations in the Steele dossier, about its author, and, more  importantly, about its bankrollers. In that memo, we described  inconsistencies between what Steele swore to a British court about his  contacts with the media and what the Page FISA application represented  to the FISA Court about those same contacts. The FISA application  represented that Steele did not communicate with the media about his  intelligence reports but that he told the British court he did.   We noted in our memo that if Mr. Steele had lied to the FBI about his  media contacts, it would bear on his credibility. That would be a huge  problem because the FISA application and its renewals depended on  taking Steele at his word. Remember, at that time, the Steele dossier  was still ``salacious and unverified,'' and those were Comey's words.  So it mattered a whole lot whether the FBI and the Department of  Justice could trust Steele and his dossier.   In our referral, Senator Graham and I also noted that Mr. Steele's  contacts with the media likely affected, in our words, the  ``reliability of his information-gathering efforts'' in compiling the  dossier. By the time the Department of Justice and the FBI filed the  FISA application and even before the FBI officially opened the  investigation, the Steele dossier was probably the worst kept secret in  Washington, DC.   The same can be said for the government's efforts to look for ties  between the Trump campaign and Russia. All of these folks--the media,  lawyers, lobbyists, campaign organizations, private research firms, FBI  officials, the Department of Justice and Department of State officials,  and even foreign intelligence agencies--reportedly had access to the  dossier information or the dossier itself. An attorney for Clinton and  the Democratic National Committee even passed on some aspects of this  information directly to the FBI's general counsel before the FISA was  issued.    Basically, this piece of paper was, in some form or another, all over  this town, and the more the dossier was shopped around, the more  vulnerable it became to its manipulation.   We also know that at least as early as the summer of 2016, foreign  intelligence agencies were reportedly feeding information to the CIA  about Trump campaign associates and that the FBI was using a source to  seek information from individuals who were associated with the Trump  campaign. At about that time, Fusion GPS had hired Steele on behalf of  the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee.   We need to know if leadership in the intelligence community and the  FBI were already gathering intelligence on Trump associates when Fusion  hired Steele. We need to know whether the Obama administration was  looking so hard for connections that it figured the Steele dossier  would justify efforts to continue its surveillance activities. Further,  we need to know if the Russians knew our government was that hungry for  information to the point they packed the dossier with disinformation  just to sow chaos. If so, it looks like the Obama administration fell  for it hook, line, and sinker, and it certainly seems like some in  leadership may have ignored clear warning signs.   Department of Justice official Bruce Ohr spoke with top FBI  leadership about Steele's work the day the investigation opened, and  after the FBI terminated Steele as a source, Ohr continued to feed  Steele's work to the Bureau. At various times, Mr. Ohr made it clear to  the FBI that the information from Steele could not be taken at face  value because it was based on hearsay. Ohr noted that Steele had an  anti-Trump agenda and that the whole operation was bankrolled by  Clinton and the Democratic National Committee. Of course, the Clinton  campaign wasn't keen on the world's knowing it was footing the bill for  the dossier. Its lawyers even lied to the media about this fact for  more than a year. That is not my saying it. A New York Times reporter  said that.   So, by the time the FISA application was filed and every time it was  renewed, FBI and Department of Justice leaders were very much aware of  the political bias and the purpose of the unverified information that  supposedly supported it, so much so that according to reported text  messages between former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and his  staff, the FBI worked to create--these are their words--a ``robust  explanation'' for ``any possible bias'' of the source ``in the  package'' supporting the FISA application. It also seems from these  text messages that the FBI was getting pushback from at least one  individual at the Justice Department about seeking the FISA.   In the end, the FISA application was presented to the court with  there being no mention whatsoever of Clinton, the Democratic National  Committee, or any mention of the source's political bias and with only  mere speculation by the FBI that its primary source was not peddling  his information far and wide. The FISA application was then granted by  the court and was renewed three times. Let me say that again. The FISA  application was granted and renewed three times.   The FBI surveilled an American citizen for many months based on  salacious and unverified information that had been gathered by a former  foreign intelligence officer who was desperate to keep the President  out of office. He was British Agent Steele. That former intelligence  officer used Russian sources, including Russian Government sources, at  the behest and with the funding of a rival political party and  campaign.   The Democrats and the mainstream media have been screaming at the top  of their lungs about salacious, unverified allegations that this  President stole an election by working with the Russians, but it is a  sobering and verified fact that the Democrats actually paid for dirt  from the Russians to damage their political opponents.   So now, after the taxpayers have spent $30 million to work through  this swirling cesspool of allegations, when  [[Page S2631]]  the Attorney General says he has concerns about certain aspects of this  investigation, I agree with him. I don't know whether laws were broken  or protocols were breached or rules were violated, but for decades, I  have been doing oversight of the Federal Government, including of the  Department of Justice and the FBI, and I think there is certainly  enough there to be asking questions.   For example, did the Obama administration improperly use the U.S.  intelligence community to attempt to neutralize and denigrate a  political opponent? Did the Obama administration fail to properly  assert oversight of the Department of Justice and the FBI FISA process?   These questions must be answered.   It is fundamentally American to care not just about what laws the  government enforces but also how the government enforces those laws.   If the greatest enemy we see is the person on the other side of the  political spectrum, then the foreign powers who seek to divide and  weaken our Republic are going to succeed.   Now, I have been trying to get to the bottom of all sides of this  issue for years, and I have urged my Democratic colleagues to join me.   I am encouraged that the Attorney General is taking a look, and I am  encouraged that the independent Department of Justice inspector general  has been looking at these issues as well. I have no idea what they are  going to find.   I know Mueller turned a blind eye to what they are investigating,  however. The American people need answers--all the answers.   It is not just this administration that has been dragged through the  mud with wild collusion and obstruction theories. The American people  have had to listen to those falsehoods now for years. Many in the media  have been breathlessly flooding the airwaves with speculation and what- ifs about the bogus Trump collusion narrative.   Now that the report is out, some media figures are still struggling  to come to terms with Mueller's findings and decisions. It is as if  they are unhappy with the results or perhaps they are embarrassed that  the world is learning that we have been sold a bunch of snake oil for  the past 2 years and now they are finding out that the jig is up.   I hope the mainstream media will pursue the origins of the Russian  collusion investigation and do it with the same vigor as they have been  pushing the collusion narrative for the last 2 years, and there ought  to be some apologies from some of them. This would all go a long way to  restoring their damaged credibility.   So I am going to do whatever I can to make sure the people get these  answers.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   