 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 987,  the supposed Strengthening Health Care and Lowering Prescription Drug  Costs Act.   I wish I wasn't giving this speech. As many of my colleagues know, I  have a bipartisan track record here in the House. I have been proud to  work with many of my Democrat colleagues on a number of issues that  impact Kentuckians and people across the country, such as Alzheimer's,  the opioid crisis, and workforce development.   Last Congress, I had 10 bipartisan bills signed into law, and I had  two additional bipartisan bills pass the House. I hope my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle know that I take bipartisanship and our  responsibility to get things done for our constituents very seriously.  That is why I am extremely disappointed that I will have to vote  against H.R. 987 today.   Wherever I go in my district, I hear from Kentuckians about how drug  prices are simply too high. This an issue that affects everyone, and it  is one of the few big issues these days that Republicans and Democrats  can all agree on. And President Trump has made this a priority.   As ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I  have launched, with Chair Diana DeGette from Colorado, an investigation  on rising insulin prices.   I was proud to support bipartisan legislation in the Health  Subcommittee and the full Energy and Commerce Committee. Sadly, Mr.  Chairman, Democrats have loaded up what was previously a bipartisan  drug pricing legislative bill with political land mines that they know  we, as Republicans, will never support.   They made a bipartisan drug pricing bill into an ObamaCare bailout  bill. They know that this bill is dead on arrival in the Senate and  that President Trump will never sign it.   My colleagues are playing games to score cheap political points in  the short term at the expense of Americans across the country who are  paying too much at the pharmacy counter.   I urge my colleagues on the Democratic side not to make lowering drug  prices another partisan fight. I am willing to work with any of my  colleagues to fix this problem, and I urge all my colleagues to do the  same.   