 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Arizona for  yielding.   I rise in support of H.R. 1496, the Presidential Allowance  Modernization Act of 2019.   As has already been mentioned, in 1958, Congress passed the Former  Presidents Act, and that was at a time period where Presidents did not  have the same financial opportunities that they have today.   Recent former Presidents have earned millions of dollars after  leaving office from speaking fees, book deals, and other endeavors. For  example, President Clinton earned more than $100 million in speaking  fees between 2001 and 2013. President George W. Bush received $10  million for a book deal. President Obama and the former First Lady  reportedly signed a joint book deal worth over $65 million.   It is just a fact of the modern Presidency that these financial  opportunities are now available to former Presidents.   Given these financial benefits, it is no longer necessary to provide  the level of taxpayer-funded support that was envisioned back in 1958.   So, H.R. 1496 is an important step to saving taxpayer dollars by  amending the law to reflect the financial realities of the modern  Presidency.   This bill reforms the pension amount for former Presidents and  surviving spouses. This bill also changes the amount and the way that  additional benefits to former Presidents are allotted. Currently,  former Presidents are  [[Page H8169]]  eligible for benefits paid through annual appropriations for things  like office space and leases, furniture and supplies, staff salaries,  and so forth.   This bill would cut the allowance for those type of expenses to  $200,000 to each former President. This allowance will further be  reduced, dollar for dollar, based on the former President's income over  $400,000.   So, in this era of massive Federal deficits, I believe it is  important that our former Presidents lead the Nation by example in  cutting unnecessary spending.   I want to, again, assure my colleagues that this bill does not affect  security in any way.   I want to thank Senator Ernst for a companion bill in the Senate and,  also, Chairman Cummings and my colleagues on the other side for  supporting this bill.   