 Madam President, I thank my colleague from Kansas, the  chairman of the Senate Ag committee, who was incredibly instrumental in  getting that last Farm Bill passed. I have the privilege of serving on  his committee, and we do a lot of important work for our farmers and  ranchers in this country. As he very aptly pointed out, one of the  things that could undo a lot of the good work we hope will improve the  economic outlook for farmers and ranchers, which today is a very  difficult one--something that could really undo that is passage of  something like this Green New Deal. It could do irreparable harm to the  Ag economy in this country and would be disastrous for farmers and  ranchers.   This afternoon, Senate Democrats will have a chance to vote on the  Green New Deal, and the American people will have a chance to see just  how many Democrats embrace this new government expansion.   The Green New Deal, as the name suggests, is largely about energy  policy, but there is a lot more to unpack. The Green New Deal is a  comprehensive socialist fantasy that would put the government in charge  of everything from healthcare to the way you heat your house.   Do you like your car? With the Green New Deal you almost certainly  will not be able to keep it. The Green New Deal also wants to eliminate  fossil fuels, which means the engine that currently powers your car  will likely be illegal. It also means, roughly, 3.5 million American  truckdrivers will be out of a job.   Presumably airplanes would also be grounded, drying up the aviation  sector and the travel, tourism, and business it supports.   Do you like your house? That may not matter if the government decides  your house doesn't meet the Green New Deal's guidelines. Enjoy  rebuilding your home according to plans provided by Washington.  [[Page S1953]]    Do you like your job? The Green New Deal will eliminate millions of  current energy jobs, but that is not all. The energy industry in this  country powers the American economy. Our supply of reliable, affordable  energy allows businesses to flourish. So what happens when the Green  New Deal drives up the price of energy or when businesses are hit with  Green New Deal taxes or when American manufacturers can't meet the  Green New Deal's stringent emissions goal? Well, I will tell you what  will happen: American jobs will be lost or move overseas.   I mentioned Green New Deal taxes. That is because paying for this  plan would require massive tax hikes on just about everybody. One think  tank has released a first estimate of what the Green New Deal would  cost, and the answer is between $51 trillion and $93 trillion over 10  years. That is almost an incomprehensible amount of money. Ninety-three  trillion dollars is more than the amount of money the U.S. Government  has spent in its entire history. That is right. Since 1789, when the  Constitution went into effect, the Federal Government has spent a total  of $83.2 trillion. In other words, it has taken us 230 years to spend  the amount of money Democrats want to spend in 10.   How do Democrats plan to pay for this? Well, they don't actually have  a plan. The Green New Deal resolution itself refers vaguely to  ``community grants, public banks, and other public financing.'' That is  all very well, but unless the Democrats' plan is to just print a lot of  money, that public financing has to come from somewhere, and since the  government is not currently sitting on a spare $9.3 trillion a year,  that money is likely going to come from taxes--new and heavy taxes on  just about every American.   Let me be very clear. This is not a plan that can be paid for with  Democrats' favorite solution of taxing the rich. Taxing every  millionaire in the United States at a 100-percent rate for 10 years  would only bring in a tiny fraction of $93 trillion. In fact, there  aren't enough millionaires in the entire world to cover $93 trillion.  In 2017, the combined wealth of all the millionaires in the world was  $70.2 trillion. So you could confiscate--you could literally confiscate  all the money from all the millionaires in the entire world, and you  still wouldn't have $93 trillion. The Green New Deal is not a plan that  can be paid for by taxing the rich. This massive government expansion  would be paid for on the backs of working families.   The energy industry has been a bright spot for American families over  the past few years. Between 2007 and 2017, as the price of healthcare  soared and education and food costs increased, household energy costs  decreased. That is a big deal for working families, but that progress  would go away under the Green New Deal. Energy costs would go up, not  down, and the price of a lot of other items would likely rise sharply  as well, as everyone from farmers to manufacturers would struggle under  the Green New Deal's mandates and taxes. Needless to say, families'  paychecks would shrink by a lot.   The size of the tax hikes that would be required to even begin to  finance the Green New Deal would usher in a new era of diminished  prosperity for American families. Gone would be the American dream of  giving your children a better life than you have enjoyed. Under the  Green New Deal, American families could look forward to permanently  narrowed horizons.   So this afternoon, my Democratic colleagues face a choice. They can  double down on their socialist fantasies and vote for the Green New  Deal resolution--perhaps the most costly resolution ever to come before  the Senate--or they can reject this green nightmare and resolve to work  with Republicans to advance clean energy in a way that will not  devastate the livelihoods of the American people.   I yield the floor.   