 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and rise  in strong support of the Lieu amendment.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this amendment, which will prevent  the sale of weapons to the Gulf without undergoing the proper  congressional notification process.   This administration invented an emergency in the Middle East in order  to circumvent the process of congressional review over arms sales, an  egregious and legally questionable move, to put more weapons in the  hands of regimes who are responsible for perpetrating horrific civilian  casualties in Yemen, often with U.S. weapons.   The administration briefed this body on Iran just days before the  supposed emergency was declared, yet never mentioned anything at the  time about an emergency.   The administration claims that Iran poses such an imminent threat to  our allies that emergency assistance is needed for Saudi Arabia and the  United Arab Emirates to defend themselves, yet most of these weapons  are offensive weapons and much of the sale will be delivered months or  years from now.   The logic doesn't make sense because there is no logic. This is an  administration that has cozied up to Riyadh, sweeping aside gross human  rights abuses, turning a blind eye to the Saudis taking a buzz saw to a  Washington Post reporter, and supporting an intervention in Yemen that  is causing famine, destruction, and mounting loss of life.   Just because you don't like the process doesn't mean you get to  ignore it. This action has implications far beyond this current sale,  and if Congress doesn't reassert our proper role in the process, we  risk giving up our authority in the arms sale process entirely.   Mr. Chair, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  excellent amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the Republic of Cyprus is a strategic  partner of the United States and has played a critical role in  combating terrorism and nuclear proliferation in the Eastern  Mediterranean region. The United States regularly participates in joint  exercises with Cyprus, including annual multinational search and rescue  and crisis management exercises, and we coordinate training programs  for Cyprus in explosives management and disposal, cybersecurity,  counterterrorism, and maritime safety and security.   Through information sharing, training programs, and other  international and regional security initiatives, the United States and  Cyprus work hand in hand to combat terrorist activity in Europe and the  Eastern Mediterranean region. The United States also works closely with  Cyprus to stop the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and Cyprus  has helped foster an effective international nonproliferation regime.   In 2015, the U.S. joined Cyprus, as members of the Proliferation  Security Initiative, in cohosting a regional nonproliferation workshop  focusing on inspecting and identifying proliferation material.   Yet despite the critical security partnership between our two  countries, the United States has had an arms embargo in place against  Cyprus since 1987. This policy was initially intended to prevent Turkey  from using American weapons to occupy Cyprus and to provide space for  reunification talks after Turkey's 1974 invasion of Cyprus and its  subsequent occupation of the northern territory.   However, more than 3 years since the embargo was first implemented,  Turkey still has more than 30,000 troops occupying the northern  territory of Cyprus, reunification talks have not produced intended  results, and the U.S. is unable to maintain a full security  relationship with a key partner in combating terrorism.   Even today, Turkey continues to use its U.S.-backed military might to  threaten Cyprus' energy exploration by continually harassing drilling  vessels in its exclusive economic zone. And Turkey is not merely  threatening the Republic of Cyprus, but significant American  investments by ExxonMobil and Noble Energy and the interests of key  U.S. allies in Greece, Egypt, and Israel, all of whom are partners with  Cyprus on energy developments.   The outdated and ineffective arms embargo forces Cyprus, an EU  member, and one of only three countries with a status of forces  agreement with Israel, to obtain defense articles from countries like  Russia that seek to undermine U.S. interests in the region.   We need to enact policies that strengthen our relationship with  Cyprus and counteract dangerous elements in the region which threaten  our national security interests and the interests of our allies and  partners in the Eastern Mediterranean.   Our inability to provide Cyprus with necessary equipment needed to  defend its sovereignty and its economic interests threatens our own  national security.   Lifting the arms embargo will allow Cyprus to better establish itself  as a frontline state for Western security interests, defend itself from  external threats, and will ensure that Cyprus is no longer forced to  seek assistance for its defense from countries like Russia. It will  also make regional security cooperation smoother for the United States  by making sure our partners can obtain compatible defense systems and  training from the U.S. military.   My bipartisan amendment would repeal the ineffective embargo and  ensure that Cyprus has the equipment necessary to continue to help the  U.S. combat terrorism and international crime, and protect significant  natural gas finds and the infrastructure that can bring this energy  source to Europe.   The Senate has already taken up this issue and passed language to  repeal the embargo with bipartisan support during its consideration of  the NDAA. The House should follow suit and support passage of my  bipartisan amendment.   Mr. Chairman, Cyprus is a vital and strategic international partner,  and we need to make sure we are treating it as such. I urge adoption of  the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his thoughts.  I would only say that the best way to assist Cyprus in weaning itself  from the reliance of Russian weaponry is to lift the arms embargo, and  this is something that both Cyprus and the United States have studied  for a very long time. The best way to strengthen this partnership and  alliance is to repeal this embargo.   I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my colleague,  Congressman Gus Bilirakis, for cosponsoring this amendment and for his  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   