 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Larson for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here tonight.   Last year, during a long campaign season, two campaigns and two  elections, there was no issue in western Pennsylvania that came to me  from my constituents more often than Social Security, and it was  usually with a heavy heart.   I will never forget one man who came up to me at an event. He was  about 77 years old. He told me how he started paying into Social  Security when he was 12. They don't really make them like that anymore,  but in western Pennsylvania, people started working at earlier and  earlier ages to make ends meet.   The gentleman had worked in a factory. He had been laid off. He told  me: We were in the streets, not sure where to go during the day, but we  didn't want our kids to know that we were out of work.   He had five kids.   He became a janitor, got hurt on the job, needed his union to stick  up for him, but that cut into his prime years of earning.   So the gentleman becomes 65, he retires, eventually collects Social  Security, but he still works to this day as a janitor.   So he is telling me all about his life, and he pulls out one of those  big key rings that every janitor seems to have, and he shoves it into  my hand. He had pulled off of it the dog tag that he carried when he  served in the U.S. Army in Korea in the 1950s.   He pressed it into my palm and he just looked up at me and said:  Don't you break your promise to us. If you get a chance to go down to  Washington, D.C., you fight for Social Security, you fight for  Medicare. You promised these programs to us and you have got to keep  your promise.    I will tell you, I don't think a man his age and his experience  wanted to have to stand there and ask a 33-year-old young congressional  candidate to stick up for him in that way.   That was a promise that we made, and it is not an entitlement. It is  something he paid into for over 45, 50 years of a working life.   Mr. Speaker, I wonder if Mr. Larson has met constituents like that  back in Connecticut as well.    It is the most important thing we can work on in this  Congress for many of the people who are affected.   The problem is, as you said, it hasn't been adjusted since the 1980s,  and a couple of really important things have happened since then. When  Tip and President Reagan struck the last deal on Social Security, there  wasn't the heroin epidemic that we see today.   One of the problems that we have in western Pennsylvania is that we  are losing a lot of young parents in their 30s and 40s to heroin,  fentanyl, and prescription drug overdoses. Because they come from good  families, their aunts, their uncles, and their parents are stepping up  and taking care of the kids who are left behind.   I have run into dozens and dozens of senior citizens in western PA  who are raising kids on their Social Security benefits. They are  working part time, too. They can barely make ends meet. Social Security  wasn't designed for that.    Mr. Speaker, it is why we need to make sure that those who  do choose to continue to work, and many will, see the benefits of that  work.   Here we are calling for a tax cut and promising to account for every  penny of it with a proper adjustment to the other taxes and the payroll  tax. You would almost think we were Republicans standing up here  tonight. But the Republicans, instead, have chosen a path through their  tax bill to cut taxes for a very different group of people, the people  who make more than $500,000 a year, and the people on the boards of the  largest and most powerful corporations in our country.   I think that is what frustrates so many people today, that the  average Social Security benefit now, at this point, is--what?--about  $16,000. The people who benefited from the tax cut in 2017 make  $500,000, $1 million, or even more than that per year. There are far  more people earning closer to $16,000 in this country than there are at  the very top.   If we are going to have special breaks in the Tax Code for anyone, or  if we are going to do anything with our tax laws to benefit anyone, it  should be those folks who are just trying to get by. They are not going  on vacation with this money. They are not going to Disney World. And  they are not going on a cruise. They are paying for prescription drugs,  and they are paying for groceries.   Mr. Clyburn just talked about hunger and how Fritz Hollings was  fighting hunger 40 and 50 years ago. Well, senior citizens in the  United States are going hungry today. They have a very simple choice.  They have a certain amount of money, and they can go to the grocery  store or to the drugstore, but they can't do both. Usually, they go to  the drugstore to stay alive, and they skimp on the rest.    Mr. Speaker, how many programs do we really have that are  truly universal, that are truly for every American, in which we all  share the sacrifice and we all share the benefit? We are all in this  together at the end of the day.   A very wise man said to me once that one of the problems we have in  America today is people think the economy is like the weather. You  might be able to predict it, and you might be able to prepare for what  is coming, but you just can't do anything about it.   Well, that is not true. The economy is a set of rules written down on  pieces of paper and it is the set of people who are there to enforce  them.   This is a better rule than anything the other side has. This is a  rule that allows us to keep our promise. This is a rule that says, if  you paid into this for all your working lives and now all you are  asking for is about $16,000 a  [[Page H3126]]  year to be able to live with some dignity in your old age, after you  finished the project of a lifetime of building the country that we all  enjoy, we are going to make sure that is there for you, and we are  going to make sure we keep our promise.   We think it is a pretty good bet to side with the folks who are  getting $16,000 a year over the folks who are making $16 million a  year. We think that is a pretty good bet, and we are all going to share  the burden together going forward.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Larson for allowing me to be part of this  great bill.   