 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for leading this  Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman of our caucus for giving us  somewhat of a resume of the life of Elijah Cummings.   Most people know that Elijah Cummings' roots were deep in South  Carolina soil. I happen to represent the county in which his parents  were born. They came north to Baltimore, seeking a better life for  their children. They were sharecroppers in the county that gave birth  to Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas.   The interesting thing about the people of that community who formed  the movement that spurred a national and, I dare say, international  movement was the simplicity of their lives and their aspirations. The  Brown case was not about integrating schools; it was about getting a  schoolbus for their children.   The people who came together were people of modest means. The case  got the name of Briggs v. Elliott. Harry Briggs was an ordinary man  working at a filling station making $23 a week; his wife, Eliza, making  $18 a week as a chambermaid in a motel. That is the community that  Elijah Cummings' family left.   He came back to that community often, and we would talk about it: the  [[Page H8286]]  dreams and aspirations of his parents and what they instilled in him.  They were both evangelicals.   Elijah took on the mantle of an evangelist. He didn't work to prepare  people for the hereafter. He worked to prepare people for the here and  now.   I have been approached by various media sources with the question:  What is the legacy of Elijah Cummings? It is a simple legacy that I  hope all of us will remember.   First of all, it matters not where you come from. What really matters  is how far you go.   He came to this body knowing full well that he was coming into a body  where people stood on the shoulders of giants. He didn't set out to be  a giant, but he became one. And we, today, are much better off because  of Elijah Cummings.   I often think about a long conversation Elijah and I had over near  the wall. He told me, one day, about being placed in special education  as a child. He told me what it was like when a teacher saw him and  decided that the only thing special about Elijah Cummings was his  inquisitiveness. He was inquisitive, a little bit too much for some  people, and they thought, to get rid of him, they would put him in  special education.    This teacher took him out of that class, and Elijah Cummings went on  to graduate college Phi Beta Kappa, to finish law school, to become the  first African American to head a position in the House of Delegates of  Maryland, and to come here to this body and to chair a committee, a  committee that he chaired with distinction and reverence.   We are going to miss Elijah Cummings. All of us in this body will  stand upon his strong shoulders.   Thank you, Elijah. Thank you.   