 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 9, which would  recognize the importance of the oceans to our global climate system and  the international efforts under way to include our oceans in nationally  determined contributions, or NDCs, under the Paris Agreement.   When we talk about the impacts of manmade climate change, we focus on  the worlds of our lands and air, but we tend to forget the largest  world of all, our oceans. Yet, some of the foremost negative  consequences of climate change, as well as the positive vital processes  that have kept our climate on an even keel until recently and can  continue to do so, lie in the ocean.   We cannot forget the oceans. No climate change solutions can work if  our oceans are not in the room.   The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the Earth and directly  affects weather around the globe. The temperature and currents of the  ocean determine storm patterns and strength.   We have seen increases in measures of intensity, frequency, and  duration, as well as the number of the strongest--category 4 and 5-- storms since the 1980s.   The ocean also absorbs many of the most immediate consequences of  carbon pollution, buffering us from some  [[Page H3391]]  of its most damaging impacts. The ocean has absorbed 93 percent of the  total excess heat energy taken up by greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.  Additionally, the ocean is the largest sink for anthropogenic carbon  dioxide, or CO2, absorbing roughly one-third of  CO2 emissions.   The increase in temperature and carbon in the atmosphere and oceans  are directly impacting communities throughout the world. According to  the 2018 Fourth National Climate Assessment, or NCA, released by the  U.S. Global Change Research Program, made up of 13 Federal agencies:  ``Human-caused carbon emissions influence ocean ecosystems through  three main processes: ocean warming, acidification, and  deoxygenation.''   Additionally, the NCA states: ``The social, economic, and  environmental systems along the coasts are being affected by climate  change. Threats from sea level rise are exacerbated by dynamic  processes such as high tide and storm surge flooding, erosion, waves  and their effects, saltwater intrusion into coastal aquifers and  elevated groundwater tables, local rainfall, river runoff, increasing  water and surface air temperatures, and ocean acidification.''   In just one compelling instance of many from around the world, my  State of Hawaii's oceans and coastlines are on the front lines of  dealing with the impacts of climate change in our oceans and coasts.   For example, the Honolulu tide gauge, a constant for over a century  now, has measured a sea level rise of nearly half a foot since 1905.   Over 70 percent of our beaches in Hawaii are in a state of chronic  erosion, likely caused by a combination of shoreline hardening and  ongoing sea level rise.   The frequency of high tide flooding in Honolulu since the 1960s  increased from 6 days per year to 11 per year.   We have also seen in Hawaii sea level rise impact traditional and  customary practices, including fishpond maintenance, cultivation of  salt, and gathering from the nearshore fisheries.   About 550 cultural sites, 38 miles of major roads, and more than $19  billion in assets will be vulnerable to chronic flooding resulting from  a 3.2-foot increase in sea level. Such widespread flooding will change  the character of the islands by affecting cultural heritage and daily  commerce and lifestyle, and this is chronic throughout the entire  Pacific.   We also, in Hawaii, face just one example of the impacts of ocean  warming, acidification, on our reefs.   We have seen globally averaged sea surface temperature increase by  1.8 percent Farenheit over the past 100 years.   We have seen over nearly 30 years of oceanic pH measurements, based  on data collected from Station ALOHA, Hawaii, show a roughly 8.7  percent increase in ocean acidity over this time.   We have seen increased ocean acidification reduce the ability of  marine organisms to build shells and other hard structures, adversely  impacting coral reefs and threatening marine ecosystems.   We have seen extended periods of coral bleaching, which did not even  occur first until 2014 but now are becoming much longer.   This is, again, true throughout the entire Pacific Ocean. And we are  not alone, because the ocean is interconnected throughout our world,  and we are a clear example of what the world is facing.   These impacts are happening all over the world and our country.   Madam Chair, 39 countries--conspicuously, not including the U.S.-- have embraced the challenges and promise of our oceans in facing  climate change by signing the Because the Ocean initiative, which has  encouraged progress on the incorporation of the ocean in climate change  policy debate, with a special focus on the inclusion of ocean action  into nationally determined contributions under the Paris Agreement. The  efforts of these countries and their partners will be invaluable as we  face the crisis of climate change.   