 Mr. Speaker, I want to associate myself with the remarks  made by my friend, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Womack) who talked  about the importance of what we need to do to get back into a position  where we can get control over spending.   There are people that are running around right now trying to pit our  Nation's defense against balancing the Federal budget   Mr. Speaker, in fact, it is a false choice because if you zeroed out  the entire Department of Defense's budget, which I hope no one would  embrace, if you zeroed it out, you would still have a deficit. So,  clearly, it is not the Department of Defense that is the problem. We  need a strong national defense.   President Trump has been rebuilding our military. We need to keep  rebuilding our military.   Mr. Speaker, we had more men and women die in training exercises than  dying in combat over the last 3 years, by a 5-to-1 margin. It was less  safe to train to be in the military in the United States of America  than it was to go into combat, because they didn't have the tools they  needed. Planes were falling out of the sky because they didn't have  spare parts.   We have finally started to address that. The last thing we want to do  is go backward on that success. And I don't think anybody in this  building, voting ``yes'' or ``no,'' understands or would agree with the  idea that if a ``no'' vote were to be successful, we would have a $71  billion cut to our Nation's defense, which is one of our prime  constitutional responsibilities.   So we have got to get back to solving the real problems with  deficits; and we all know where that is coming from, the mandatory  side.   We had a bill just in the last Congress that would have cut over $800  billion, while improving the healthcare of the people of our country.  And if there are better ways to go and fix these broken programs, then  please put those on the table. But we need to go back to that.   But in this bill, not only does it allow the President to keep  rebuilding our military, it actually protects the pro-life gains that  we have made. We have made incredible gains to protect innocent life.  [[Page H7403]]    That is why groups like National Right to Life have said such strong  things about why this is so important; why President Trump needs this  bill so that he can rebuild our military, and keep building wall and  border security, which is so important. We have to secure our border.  This bill includes the ability for the President to do that as well.   