 Mr. President, I will be brief.   First of all, I thank Senator Leahy, the vice chairman of the  Appropriations Committee, who worked diligently for the past year to  get to where we are today in a bipartisan way and also, recently, in  the conference committee, which we thought last week had broken down. I  also thank Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, and Chuck Schumer, the  Democratic leader. I thank everybody else who has contributed to get us  to this point.   Nothing is perfect, but we think this is a good bill for the American  people. It opens up all of the government--the 25 percent that we had  not addressed.   The conference report includes a robust and comprehensive investment  in border security, providing funding for personnel, technology, and  infrastructure that is critical to keeping our nation secure and our  people safe. Critically, the bill provides nearly $1,400,000,000 to  further construction of a barrier along the southwest border. But that  is only a down payment. More resources are required. Fortunately, the  President has at his disposal both constitutional and existing  statutory authorities that allow him to supplement the congressional  investment in border security that was made today. This bill preserves  those authorities, and I support action by the President to use them to  the fullest extent permissible to secure our border. In particular,  this bill does not restrict the President's ability to declare a  national emergency or to exercise emergency authorities under such a  declaration. Nor does this bill further restrict the Administration's  ability, previously granted by the Congress, to  [[Page S1364]]  transfer funds in support of efforts to gain operational control of our  southwest border and to cease the trafficking of persons and drugs  across it.   I am going to get on with the vote.   I want to say thank you to everybody, including Shannon Hines on our  staff and everybody else who contributed to this.   At this point, I ask unanimous consent to waive the mandatory quorum  call with respect to the cloture vote on the conference report to  accompany H.J. Res. 31.   