 Mr. President, first of all, let me associate myself with  the remarks of the Senator from Iowa.   It is so important for all of us, particularly those of us who have  had occasion to serve, to really pay attention to what is going on.  This is Military Appreciation Month, and it is very significant, what  is going on. Every month should be Military Appreciation.   As the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and as a  veteran, it is my great honor and responsibility to support our  warfighters during and after their service.   Whenever they were needed, they were there, and so we have to do a  better job in supporting them. We went through 8 years of not  adequately supporting the military, and it is something that many of  them are suffering from now.   Now, next week, as it was pointed out, we are going to do the Defense  authorization bill. It is not very often you can stand here and say we  are going to introduce a bill, and we know it is going to pass. The  reason we know it is going to pass is because it has passed for the  last 58 years. So this one is going to pass.   I can remember a few years that we actually had to go into September  to get the Defense authorization bill passed. In the event it got to  the end of December, and the same thing would be true this coming year,  then we would have hazard pay that wouldn't be paid, and we would have  flight pay that wouldn't be paid. There would not be adequate funding  to take care of any of that.   So we can't let that happen, and we are not going to let it happen.   I am a little confused now because a month from today we will  actually mark up that bill in the U.S. Senate. Yet the House isn't  going to do it, it is my understanding, until the middle of June.   Then I also heard that they may, over in the House, actually do the  appropriations bill first.   Well, if you do the appropriations bill before you do the bill we  will be marking up, the NDAA, then there is no reason to even do the  NDAA from the House perspective.   So we do know that good things are going to happen. We are going to  implement the national defense strategy. We have talked about the  national defense strategy several times on the floor and on how we have  done, I think, a very good job in putting this together. Most  importantly, we are supporting our All-Volunteer Force.   I may be the last person on the Senate Armed Service Committee who  still believes in compulsory service.   I often wonder what would have happened in my life if I hadn't been  drafted. I always remember coming back at Christmastime, Eisenhower was  President, and I was enrolled at the University of Mexico, and I looked  in the mailbox and there was a card. It was from the President, and I  thought how nice of the President to remember me at Christmastime. It  was my draft notice. So that changed my plans, and I often wonder where  I would be today if I hadn't had that experience.   We are going to provide the Armed Forces with adequate funding, and I  hope we will find a budget solution. We can't do it with a continuing  resolution. We have asked all of our leaders in the hearings what would  happen to us if we did a continuing resolution, and it just wouldn't  work. I think we all realize that.   It puts people who are budget hawks, like me, and military hawks in a  very awkward situation because we have a situation where, as a result  of the 8 years of Obama, we have a thing called parity so that for  every dollar you put in the military, there has to be a dollar that  goes to the nondefense programs. This is something that doesn't work.  So the continuing resolution, we all know, is something that should not  be an option.   The responsibility carries a great weight now. We ask our men and  women in uniform to do more in the face of danger and more in a  dangerous and unpredictable world than at any time.   I think the Trump administration is right. They try to categorize the  two threats that are out there, one being the threat of the rogue  nations that are out there, and we are talking about North Korea and  some of these other nations. At the same time, we also have the major  threat of the great power threat, and this is one we face, and we know  that. Yes, we are used to dealing with the threats of the rogue  nations, but after the 8 years of the Obama administration, we watched  Russia and China forge ahead of us in many areas. Hypersonic weapons  are a good example, and that is something that is taking place now.   So during that period of time, during the last 5 years of the Obama  administration, the amount of money that we had to run our military  with was reduced by almost 25 percent. Now, we have made up a lot of  this in fiscal year 2018 and in fiscal year 2019, thanks to the Trump  administration. We have increased that funding back up to $700 billion,  then again $716 billion, and this time I think we are going to be at  $750 billion.   There is some dispute as to what the exact figure will be, but  nonetheless we have started to rebuild. So we will be modernizing our  forces, including our nuclear arsenal now, in order to maintain our  military superiority--or to regain is a better word than maintain  because we have actually lost some of our superiority--well into the  future. Our Armed Forces have long been the best in the world, but we  have problems now in trying to rebuild, and that is what this is all  about.   So we will support our troops and their families who sacrifice a  great deal to protect our Nation. This includes making meaningful  reforms to privatize on-base housing. We went through this housing  trauma just the other day. We found out a lot of people are not being  treated properly. A lot of the spouses of our members and our members  are living in housing that is totally unacceptable, but we came to that  realization and we are correcting that now and that is going to be  corrected even further in the Defense authorization bill that we will  mark up a week from today.  [[Page S2860]]    So we want to thank every man and woman who ever put on a uniform and  those who are doing this in defense of the country, congratulate them  and pay particular attention to them and support them in every way we  can.   The fabric of our Nation is stronger because of the guys in uniform  and those who have been in uniform, and we will endure for the years to  come because of their service. God bless all of the men and women in  uniform.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed  Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were  printed in the Records on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous  consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar  that these nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the information  of Senators.   