 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, judges are making decisions around the  country right now on voting rights, on civil rights, on LGBT rights, on  women's rights, on healthcare, on sentencing, and on corporate power.  Several times over the last couple of years, this body has said no even  though almost every Republican in this body--all with good, government- paid health insurance, all with good salaries, all well-dressed, all of  the above--has tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act or take away  Medicaid or take away consumer protections so that people who have  preexisting conditions would have their insurance canceled. They all  stood on that.   Do you know what? Because millions and millions were affected, enough  people in this country said no and pushed back and stopped the  Republican majority from taking away the protections for preexisting  conditions, and they stopped insurance companies from canceling  people's insurance who got too sick and too expensive and who could  never get insurance in the first place.   So do you know what those in the Republican majority did? They went  through the courts. They voted for and supported Supreme Court Justices  and district judges and circuit judges who have put their thumbs on the  scales of justice and have picked corporations over workers, chosen  Wall Street over consumers, and chosen insurance companies over sick  people. Over and over again, this body tried to do it, but democracy  rose up and said: No, you aren't going to take our health insurance.  No, you aren't going to let the insurance companies run everything. No,  you aren't going to let Wall Street run everything. No, you aren't  going to do it.   Do you know what? Because they couldn't do it through Democratic  participation and because they couldn't do it by going down to Mitch  McConnell's office, who is the Republican leader--they couldn't walk  down the hall, all of their lobbyists, and stop that from happening-- they decided to try doing it through the Federal judiciary. Remember  what I said. They have put their thumbs on the scales of justice. They  have chosen Wall Street over consumers. They have chosen insurance  companies over sick people. That is what this vote is about. That is  what this judge is all about today.   This body confirmed a judge yesterday who would limit rights for a  generation. These are judges who are almost all inexperienced. These  are lawyers who are in their thirties or early forties. They are not  who we used to pick. President Obama used to do this; President Bush  often did this; and President Bush, Sr., used to do this. They would  pick sort of--``prudent'' would be the word that President Bush, Sr.,  would use--wise, prudent lawyers who believed in public service and  didn't believe in some far-right agenda  [[Page S1726]]  whereby they would put their thumbs on the scales of justice and hurt  workers and hurt consumers. They picked middle-of-the-road, thoughtful,  prudent judges who actually believed in civil rights--shocking--who  actually believed gay people should have a chance in this country, and  who actually believed workers should get a fair shot.   Do you know what? Because they have picked judges who have put their  thumbs on the scales of justice, we see the rich are getting richer and  richer, and we see the middle class in New Hampshire and in Ohio and in  Nebraska getting squeezed over and over and over again.   We see what has happened to this country. We see lobbyists going down  the hall to Senator McConnell's office, who is the Republican leader,  writing tax bills. Do you know what that tax law does that President  Trump signed? Do you know what it does? It says, if a company shuts  down in Lordstown, OH, which General Motors has done this week--4,500  people have lost their jobs--General Motors will pay a tax rate of 21  percent. Do you know what? Under the Trump tax law, they can move south  of the border and pay a tax rate of 10\1/2\ percent.   In other words, they get a 50-percent off coupon. Companies that shut  down production in Omaha or in Manchester or in Cleveland and move  overseas get a 50-percent off coupon on their taxes. That is what these  fights are about. These fights are about the special interests that run  this Senate, the companies that outsource, and the drug companies and  Wall Street. Heck, the White House looks like a retreat for Wall  Street.    Madam President, I ask for an additional 5 minutes.    This issue today we are about to vote on is about Eric  Murphy. It is about confirming a very young, very inexperienced lawyer  in Cleveland whose claim to fame is that he argued against marriage  equality in the landmark Obergefell v. Hodges case. It is why Jim  Obergefell has spoken out against his nomination.   Here is what he said. He actually argued that marriage equality would  be disruptive--disruptive--to our Nation. Telling people who love each  other that they can marry is disruptive to our Nation? Who does that  harm? Why would it matter? A couple in Atlanta or Decatur or a couple  in Sioux Falls or Topeka or Omaha or Lincoln or Manchester or Laconia  or Cleveland or Mansfield--why would it matter? Why would it be  disruptive?   This gentleman whom we are about to--I know every Republican, except  maybe one courageous one, will vote for him because that is how we do  it nowadays. You can't win through the democratic process; you win  through the back door of the judiciary. That is what they are going to  do. They are going to vote for a man who said it is disruptive to allow  people who love each other to marry. He will make decisions on the  rights of LGBTQ couples. Some in this body like to claim they support  people regardless of their orientation. He has moved to restrict access  to contraceptives for women. We are going to have women Republicans  vote for somebody like that? He has defended Big Tobacco, as if there  is any defense for addicting our children to tobacco.   We have had huge public health victories, but let's go back. Let's go  back on voting rights. Let's go back on supporting public health. Let's  go back on equal rights for people. Let's go back on civil rights. Is  that what we are going to do today?   But maybe most despicable, on this day today 54 years ago, in Mr.  Figures' State of Alabama--my wife has visited this bridge five times,  crossed it since then--54 years ago, John Lewis, our colleague down the  hall--you know, just on the other side of the special interest majority  leader's office down the hall--John Lewis--I think he was 25 years old  at that point--got his head beat in by Alabama State troopers. Do you  know why? Because he wanted people to register to vote. He wanted  people to have their full rights. That happened 54 years ago today--the  day we are going to vote on Mr. Murphy.   Mr. Murphy defended Ohio's voter purge, taking registered voters off  the rolls. He led the efforts to take away Golden Week in Ohio, passed  by a Republican legislature on a bipartisan basis. He defended  restrictive voter ID and provisional ballot rules.   This weekend, Connie and I walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. We  saw foot soldiers who had been beaten up 54 years ago as they were  trying to cross this bridge. We listened to their stories. These men  and women were beaten. Many of them were 15, 16, 18, 20 years old. They  did that so that in the future, they and their children would have the  right to vote.   But judges around this country, judges supported by this majority-- none of whom think for themselves when it comes to voting on these  nominations--all the way up to the Supreme Court, they are dismantling  these rights.   I can't imagine my Republican colleagues who came here from Georgia  and Kansas and Nebraska and Montana--and I think he is going to vote  right--I just can't imagine they came here thinking: I am going to take  the oath of office--right in that corner--and do you know one of the  things I am going to do? I am going to vote to restrict voting rights.  I am going to vote to tell gay people they can't marry. I am going to  vote to take away workers' rights. I am going to vote for judges who  put their thumbs on the scales of justice and choose corporations that  outsource jobs over workers. I am going to choose Wall Street over  consumers. I am going to choose big health insurance companies, with  their multimillion-dollar salaries for executives, and hurt sick  people.   I can't believe that is why any of you came. So please vote no on  Murphy. Please. As the 54th anniversary of Selma happens right about  this time of day--I think they tried to cross the bridge around noon--I  ask my colleagues to vote no.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 30  seconds.    Madam President, I appreciate Senator Isakson's work as  the leader of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, his bipartisan work to  advance the causes of veterans in our country.   I was in Columbia, SC, last week, and a veteran who had attempted  suicide seven times told us that veterans are more than paintings on  the wall, and Senator Isakson embodies that as somebody who advocates  for those veterans. I thank him for that.   