 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This amendment would reduce appropriations in the Energy and Water  Development division by 5 percent. The programs in this division have  wide bipartisan support. This includes Federal spending on water  infrastructure, basic science research, storm and flood damage  reduction activities, and more.   These critical programs are necessary for the safety and health of  our citizens and the continued growth of the economy. However, this  legislation's top-line spending is out of sync with the Federal  Government's ongoing fiscal predicament.   Congress must balance these initiatives with fiscal realism. Our  national debt is over $22 trillion and climbing, and the majority's  legislation is only adding to this debt.   Let's work to improve this legislation in a bipartisan, bicameral  effort to ensure that we fund the programs that we need today but not  have our children pay for them tomorrow.   Madam Chair, I urge support of this amendment and a return to fiscal  sanity, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, it is actually a pretty easy equation. The  Federal Government, under the budget caps agreement of 2011, is  required to perform under budget caps.   For whatever reason, we have chosen to ignore that difficult fact of  life while these appropriations bills were written. Top-line numbers  were--well, back in math class in the eighth grade, we used to talk  about imaginary numbers and irregular numbers. These numbers are  certainly imaginary and irregular because they are not based on  reality.   All I am asking for is that we make a good faith effort to save 5  cents out of every dollar that we spend in this appropriations bill. I  don't think that is too much to ask. I don't think any one of us  believes that every dollar that is spent by the Federal Government in  the agencies is well spent and there are not savings to be had.   That is all this amendment is asking for: a limitation, across-the- board cut, 5 percent. Let's get it passed. Then let's get back to the  table and decide, really, what the priorities are.   Because, you know what, Madam Chair, at some point, if we proceed  down this path, the sequester is going to kick in, and it will not be  pretty, and it will not be an easy path at that point. It will actually  be dictated to us, not something where we have negotiation room.   Madam Chair, I urge an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I call up amendment No. 64 to division E of  H.R. 2740.    Madam Chair, this amendment would strike section 108 of  this bill that prohibits any funding used for border security  infrastructure.   Let me say that again because I can't believe it myself.   This would strike section 108 of the bill that prohibits any funding  being used for border security infrastructure.   There is a very clear humanitarian and security crisis on our  southern border. Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and  Customs Enforcement are strained by the enormous number of border  crossings each and every day. In the month of May, over 144,000  individuals crossed our border without permission. Over 96,000 are  unaccompanied children or family units.   But, instead of providing desperately needed aid to take care of  these children and families, this bill only includes a provision to  prohibit funding to secure our border. It is appalling that we have not  considered supplemental funding to deal with this crisis.   As long as the doors remain wide open, irregular migration will  continue, and the American taxpayer will have to foot the bill to care  for another country's children.   We can no longer do nothing. I urge support of this amendment to  allow security along our southern border, and I reserve the balance of  my time    Madam Chair, may I ask as to the time remaining on my  side.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   It is a pretty simple equation. A ``no'' vote on this amendment is,  in fact, a vote for open borders. As Mr. Roy correctly pointed out,  there are far too many stretches of our border in Texas with Mexico,  where there is no barrier at all. Carrizo cane and mesquite trees will  not stop people who have it in their hearts to come across.   The operational control has been ceded to criminal gangs and cartels  on the Mexican side of the border. This needs to stop.   This amendment simply removes a cynical obstruction to the President  being able to do his job when the Congress will not do our job.   I urge an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   