 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Engel for his  incredible leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chair, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of Congressman  Khanna's resolution.   The Saudi-led war in Yemen has led to a staggering crisis, and it is  happening on our watch. This bombing campaign would not be happening  without the active involvement of the United States military with the  Saudis.   More than 75 percent of Yemen's population needs humanitarian  assistance. Yemen has one of the highest maternal death rates in the  region. Its health infrastructure has crumbled, and tens of thousands  of pregnant women are at risk of serious complications. The list goes  on and on.   It is long past time to bring U.S. involvement in this calamity to an  end.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Congressman Khanna for his leadership and  Chairman Engel for making this a top priority.   We have a responsibility not just as Members of Congress, but as  human beings not just to talk about these horrors, but to do everything  in our power to end them.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding  the additional time.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I say to the gentleman from St. Joseph, in this Special Order, we are  a little different from Michigan. I say to the gentleman from St.  Joseph, if Kildee went to the dark side, Levin will come over to the  Energy and Commerce Committee. So I appreciate that. We will get that  all lined up, so we can take care of that right here.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I am ready  to diversify things in Michigan again.   I really want to pick up where the gentleman left off, because I  don't want to talk about John's unbelievable legislative record. I want  to talk about two families, the Levin family and the Dingell family,  and really about what the Dingell family has meant to my family for  almost 80 years.   My dad has been interviewed about this, and my Uncle Carl. But my dad  has not revealed the beginning of his relationship with the Dingells,  and that is about John's dad, John Dingell, Sr.   My father, Sander Levin's first political memory, aside from  listening to fireside chats all around the living room radio coming  from President Roosevelt, is of campaigning for John Dingell, Sr., in  his knickers. My dad would have been maybe 10 years old, so this is  going back to the late 1930s or the early 1940s.   In 1946, I think, John Dingell, Sr., recommended to President Harry  Truman that he appoint a lawyer named Theodore Levin to the Eastern  District of Michigan to be a Federal judge, and Harry Truman did that.  I was looking at the Record, and with all the time things take these  days, the President nominated Uncle Ted on July 3, and he was sitting  on July 27 of either 1946 or 1947. Things happened at a different speed  in those days.   Theodore Levin served for many years, and he was the chief judge of  the Eastern District of Michigan.   Earlier than that, before he was chief judge, I think, John Dingell's  son, John D. Dingell, Jr., clerked for Judge Levin. It made a profound  impact on the chairman. He told me about this all the time.   Imagine getting to go see this very senior Member of Congress to find  out about your own great uncle. What was he like? Mr. Dingell loved  Uncle Ted.   Then many years later, John Dingell--I don't even know how this  happens--he did whatever you do to name the Federal courthouse in  Detroit after my great uncle. He did not tell Congressman Sander Levin  and he did not tell Senator Carl Levin about this at all until it was a  done deal. He didn't want any sense, I guess, of conflict of interest  or whatever. He was doing this for his own sake. This was his mentor.  So if you go to downtown Detroit, the courthouse is named after  Theodore Levin.   Over the years, my dad served here for 36 years. All 36 years, his  beloved senior colleague was John Dingell. My dad rose to be the chair  of the House Ways and Means Committee, and Mr. Dingell was the chair of  the Energy and Commerce Committee. They worked together on so many  things, things that people from other States wouldn't know about, like  cleaning up the Rouge River, a symbol of industrialism that now is a  much cleaner river, a really clean river, and working to save the auto  industry, of course.   Imagine what it meant to my dad to be the chairman of the Ways and  Means Committee when we passed the Affordable Care Act, and getting to  work with his legendary and beloved senior colleague from Michigan who  had introduced universal healthcare in this country every Congress  since he entered in 1955, to get to work together to advance the ball,  not achieving universal healthcare, but achieving so much through the  Affordable Care Act.   I don't know how to say good-bye to Mr. Dingell. Like Mr. Kildee, he  scared the heck out of me. He was gruff. He was big. But for the  sparkle in his eye, I am not sure I would have even approached him.   He was always willing to sit down, no matter how big and powerful he  was. He was always willing to listen. The advice he gave was  unfailingly honest and direct. A lot of times, you couldn't repeat  exactly the advice, all of the words in the advice he gave, but it was  really special to me.   I am not sure I am willing to say good-bye to 