 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona for  yielding me time and for her strong opposition to this rule.   Let's be clear, H. Res. 326 is a one-sided, partisan, and ill-timed  resolution. This past summer, Members of this Chamber came to the floor  and passed, almost unanimously, a very strong statement opposing the  Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, as well as much of the  language that is in this resolution, H. Res. 326. This is actually a  watered-down version of what we passed last summer. There is nothing in  this resolution that we didn't already pass almost unanimously last  summer.   So, what happened? We woke up the day after that resolution passed  last summer, and the Republicans wanted to pass legislation with teeth.  I know that we have a lot of strong, bipartisan support for passing  legislation with teeth, S.1/H.R. 336, legislation that already passed  the Senate with almost 80 votes. But, unfortunately, for some of my  colleagues, they woke up the next day and instead of wanting to pass  legislation with teeth that would do something about it, do something  about that strong statement that we made, we have been seeing this  resolution passed as the main effort for the second half of this year.   In the last 2 years, Israel has been hit by over 2,600 rockets and  mortars, and 1,500 of those rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip into  Israel in the past year alone. Last week, every headline in the region  was about Israel being bombarded with over 450 rockets, and that was  just one moment in time.   This resolution fails to not only recognize these latest attacks but  all the  [[Page H9270]]  persistent assaults on innocent Israelis by Palestinian terrorists.  Notice this resolution is reprimanding Israel, but it says nothing  about Palestinian terrorists.   My friend on the other side of the aisle, when he was giving his  opening remarks, was reprimanding Israel and didn't say anything about  Palestinian terrorists murdering innocent Israelis; nothing about the  pay-to-slay program where the Palestinians financially reward terrorism  and incite violence; nothing about Hamas denying humanitarian aid,  calling jihad an obligation, and saying that they do not recognize  Israel as a Jewish state.   This reality is lost in this resolution. This resolution completely  fails to mention that Israel has made repeated attempts to offer peace  proposals to the Palestinian Authority. Time and again, the Palestinian  Authority has rejected peace proposals because they refuse publicly and  privately to accept a Jewish state in Israel.   This resolution is silent on fundamental facts that shape the way  Israel has dealt with this constant threat on its border. This  resolution chooses to reference President Obama's policy toward Israel  while intentionally leaving out President Trump's policy, ensuring a  partisan outcome for this resolution.   Support for Israel in this Chamber has long been bipartisan. For  whatever reason, the majority is choosing to advance in the resolution  tomorrow that is going to have one of the most partisan votes to ever  take place regarding Israel in the history of the House of  Representatives. Congratulations.    H. Res. 326 undercuts the administration's efforts to strengthen our  critical alliance with our greatest ally, Israel, and the timing of  this vote is fooling no one. This resolution is a clear rebuke to the  Trump administration's recent reversal of the Obama administration's  targeting of Israel with U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334.   If House Democrats want to pass bipartisan legislation with teeth,  they should bring S.1/H.R. 336, which has already passed the Senate, as  I mentioned, with strong, bipartisan support and was introduced by  Congressman   Michael McCaul in the House. There is even a discharge  petition led by Congressman Brian Mast for this bill that has almost  200 signatures on it. If it came to a vote in this Chamber, it would  pass.   How about we focus on passing legislation that gets through the  House? It has already been through the Senate. It will be signed by the  President. We will be doing something about that strong statement that  we made last summer.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote against this rule and against  this partisan resolution.   