 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise this afternoon to talk about what  some observers have called one of the best historically black colleges  and universities in our country--Delaware State University in Dover,  DE, home of the Hornets.   For a number of years, I was a naval flight officer in the Vietnam  war and then came back to the United States and moved to Delaware and  got an MBA at the University of Delaware. Right away after that, I went  to work at what became the Delaware Economic Office. We were  headquartered at the campus of Delaware State College.   Delaware State College was an HBCU and was not a well-funded college,  not one that was in the favor, frankly, of the Governor and  legislature, for the most part, and was a bit of a stepchild.   I used to think: Boy, wouldn't it be great to be able to help  transform Delaware State College into something historic, memorable,  and outstanding.   Later on, I would be elected Governor--about 15 years later--and have  the chance to work with the fellow who was the president of Delaware  State University at the time and to transform, with the help of the  Delaware General Assembly, Delaware State College into Delaware State  University.   Today, of all the HBCUs in the country, I think its latest rating is  No. 5, and I think there are 70 or 75 of them in all. They just  reported that their enrollment for the coming year will reach 5,000  students, all in undergraduate, graduate, master's and Ph.D. programs,  which is a record. We are proud of the Hornets and the great job they  are doing educating people.   Last month, in one of my frequent visits to Delaware State, I took a  campus tour unlike any other, from the cockpit of a brand-new Vulcanair  V1.0 single-engine aircraft. We flew all over Kent County, north of  Dover. We had a chance to do some approaches. It was a lot of fun, and  it was basically a reminder that Delaware State provides undergraduate  and graduate programs for all kinds of training and educational needs.  One of the key ones right now and one of the most interesting, at least  for a naval flight officer, is that Delaware State is the largest  producer of pilots and aviation professionals of color in the country.  I believe they have over 100 students and every one of them, when they  graduate, has a job waiting for them. Some are pilots and others do a  variety of work for aviation.   Today, we have about 157 million people who go to work in this  country, and we have about 5 million jobs where nobody will show up.  One of those areas where we need people is in the aviation world, and  Delaware State is providing that. When the plane landed earlier this  year at the airport just north of Dover, I held a roundtable with the  Delaware State University executive vice president and provost, Dr.  Tony Allen. We talked with administrators and students about a  bipartisan bill called the FUTURE Act, which was discussed on the floor  today and in previous days.   The FUTURE Act, as you will recall, was introduced by Senator Jones  along with Senator Scott from South Carolina, and would provide a  little over $255 million annually to minority-serving institutions of  higher education including about $85 million to HBCUs for an additional  2 years through fiscal year 2021.   Almost $900,000 of that money will go directly to Delaware State  University.  [[Page S6699]]  You might ask: What would Delaware State do with that money? They use  this Federal funding to help support STEM and teacher education  programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels and to ensure that  students at Delaware State have access to the best research tools.  Specifically, this funding is used to help modernize classrooms at DSU,  to improve math instruction, and to help recruit young men of color to  teach in K-through-12 classrooms so that all students have mentors they  can look up to.   According to the National Center for Education Statistics, only 2  percent of teachers in the American public school system are African- American men, but 20 percent or more of the students are African- American males.   Think about that. A lot of these African-American males, frankly,  haven't had some of the best mentors and role models in their lives  growing up, and we have so few teachers of color that are minority  male. The FUTURE Act funding, I think, is a good step for Congress to  take to bridge that gap. I think it is a good example of how the  Federal Government supports this critical mission at Delaware State and  at HBCUs across the country.   Back in early September, the House of Representatives did its job and  voted to reauthorize this funding through the bipartisan FUTURE Act.  Unfortunately, the Senate has not followed the lead of the House in  this critical funding for HBCUs which lapsed on September 30.   Before I yield to Senator Coons, I just wanted to say that my  recollection is--and I might have this wrong, but I am looking for my  staff, who would be sitting right here in front of me telling me if I  had the right numbers--that 2 percent of teachers who are in public  schools in America and I think in Delaware are men of color. They are  African American. Almost 20 percent, maybe 25 percent, of the students  in the public school system are people of color and about half of those  are male. We need to do a better job.   As Governor, I started a mentoring program. We recruited, when I was  Governor, 10,000 mentors--a lot of them to work with children of color.  A lot of them have grown up in homes where they didn't have a positive  male role model in their life. That is why the mentoring program is so  important. That is why we especially need minority male teachers who  are African American. That is not all we need, but it is a big part of  what we need. Over half of the minority male teachers that we have in  Delaware in our schools were educated at Delaware State University-- over half--and we need more of them.   Senator Coons has joined me on the floor. I am enormously proud of  Delaware State University and the leadership they have today and in the  past, and proud to have been an honorary Hornet, and proud to yield to  my colleague, Senator Coons, who has been right there fighting for  Delaware State University.   I yield the floor.   