 Madam Speaker, do you know who doesn't think the  Democrats have presented enough testimony or evidence to impeach  President Trump today?   It is the Democrats.   Sure, here in the House, Democrats running this inquiry have declared  they have done everything needed and  [[Page H12183]]  they have all the testimony and evidence necessary to impeach right  now.   But right now, down the hall, Democrats in the Senate are saying the  exact opposite. They are complaining they need more evidence and more  testimony, because Senate Democrats know that House Democrats have  built them a house-of-cards impeachment, an impeachment built by the  same Democrats who told America: Trust us, President Trump committed  treason; he is a Russian agent, and we have got evidence--which, of  course, proved to be totally false.   To quote the favorite catchphrase of one Member of this House, they  got caught.   Along the way, those same Democrats said: Trust us, the FISA law and  court weren't abused by the Obama administration using a Democratic  opposition research dossier against the Trump campaign and President  Trump--again, totally false, and, again, they got caught.   When Democrats started this latest impeachment inquiry, they said:  Trust us, we have not yet spoken to the whistleblower.   Again, totally false, and they got caught.   Sadly, my Democratic colleagues have placed their own credibility in  the hands of Members of this body who have no credibility left, Members  whom nobody trusts because they keep getting caught betraying America.   Unless a bolt of courage and integrity strikes that side of the room  in the next hour, history will reflect that Donald Trump is the third  President to be impeached. History may also shortly reflect that he  will be the first President to be reelected after being wrongfully  impeached.   If that happens, Democrats won't be able to hide behind a pretend  veneer of caring about the Constitution. History will record the  Democrats' legacy as a betrayal of the Constitution because the  Founders meant for impeachment to be used for actions so extraordinary  and so rare that it has happened three times in two and one-half  centuries. It wasn't meant for congratulatory phone calls where there  is no crime alleged, where there is no victim, and where the Democrats  themselves couldn't even decide what to accuse the President of doing  wrong before ending up with this embarrassment of a grab bag of an  abuse of power article.   An obstruction of Congress?   To even allege it is an admission of constitutional illiteracy. The  Founders had a term for what the Democrats call the obstruction of  Congress. The Founders called it the separation of powers. The funny  thing about obstruction is every time Democrats get caught trying to  frame this President for some crime he didn't commit, they follow up by  accusing him of obstructing their efforts to frame him for the things  he never did in the first place.   The Founders warned and feared today might come when impeachment was  used politically by the party that had the most votes. Today the  Democrats are the Founders' worst nightmare come true. I think most  Americans are probably wishing they could impeach the Democrats.   To them I say: You can next November.   