 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 596, the Crimea  Annexation Non-recognition Act, and I thank my good friend from  Virginia, Representative Gerry Connolly, for his work and his  leadership on this legislation and many other pieces of legislation  that we have worked on in a bipartisan manner in this House.   They say there is no bipartisanship here, whether it is under  Democratic or Republican control, and we found a way to make that  happen on the Foreign Affairs Committee over the years.   As a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the  principal Republican cosponsor of this legislation, let me state  clearly and emphatically that the United States--and the world, for  that matter--must never recognize Vladimir Putin's reckless Crimean  land grab, which is all too reminiscent of Soviet Cold War tactics.   This bill not only definitively sets out U.S. policy that we will not  recognize Putin's bogus claims of sovereignty over Crimea, but it will  also prohibit our government from taking any actions that might imply  our recognition of Russian claims.   Representative Connolly and I first introduced this legislation back  in 2014, shortly after Putin seized Crimea. Despite the intervening  years, we must never grow accustomed to Russian control over the  peninsula. That is one reason that makes this legislation even more  vitally necessary, because over time, the world sometimes does grow  accustomed to things. We must never let that happen with Putin's grab  of Crimea.   Last May, Putin opened a bridge over the Kerch Strait, which  separates Russia from Crimea, in an attempt to better link it, to grab  it and keep it. The bridge is too low for many large vessels, which has  reduced economic activity at Ukrainian ports on the Sea of Azov, thus  further harming Ukraine. Even more concerning, in November, Putin's  thugs illegally seized three Ukrainian naval vessels and their crews at  the entrance to the Kerch Strait.   Plain and simple, Putin's illegal annexation of Crimea, as well as  his adventures around the Kerch Strait and in Eastern Ukraine, have no  place in a modern, democratic Europe. We must  [[Page H2662]]  not abandon Ukraine to Putin's bullying.   That is why I am pleased to cosponsor this legislation along with my  friend, Mr. Connolly, which is but a step toward a once-again free  Crimea.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that we  will never recognize Russian domination over the Crimean peninsula.   