 Madam Chair, as we heard in the Rules  Committee debate yesterday, this package of bills before us is the  first major package put forth by House Democrats to solve the climate  crisis that we hear about daily.   Many House Democrats ran their last elections on the platform of  putting forth real, tangible solutions to this situation.  Unfortunately, they have not lived up to those promises and are letting  their constituents down with this package.   As Ranking Member Bishop mentioned, this package is a hodgepodge of  provisions that reinstate current Federal authorities, all to the tune  of nearly 1.4 billion taxpayer dollars.   Let's examine just a few of the provisions in this bill:   Section 102 authorizes a Living Shoreline Grant Program. According to  the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, ``The agency  currently provides financial and technical assistance to coastal  communities for the use of living shorelines through existing  programs.'' CBO estimates that this provision will cost American  taxpayers $300 million.   Section 103 authorizes the Working Waterfronts Grant Program.  According to NOAA, ``Under the CZMA, coastal States have the discretion  to use funding for many of the purposes that would be addressed by the  Working Waterfronts Grant Program.'' The CBO estimates this provision  will cost American taxpayers upwards of $23 million.   Section 106 authorizes coastal climate change adaptation planning and  preparedness grants. According to NOAA, under the CZMA, coastal States  already have the discretion to use funding to develop and implement  adaptation plans. CBO estimates that this provision will cost American  taxpayers upwards of $114 million.   Subtitle A of title II authorizes the National Fish Habitat  Conservation Through Partnerships program, at a cost to American  taxpayers of nearly $40 million. Supporters of this provision have  stated its great success, which is very true. However, this program has  been successfully leveraging Federal and State funds since 2006, all  under existing Federal funding. That leads me to question why we are  now authorizing an additional $40 million for something that we have  already been spending on since 2006.   Ultimately, this package is a deceitful attempt to act on climate  policy. Democrats have promised sweeping policy reforms and under- delivered in a major way. I would urge my colleagues to oppose this  misguided legislation.   