 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Scott for his  time here, and I thank him for organizing this.   This is a moment that I am sure all of us are having mixed feelings.  There have been a lot of accolades given here today to Senator Isakson,  a lot of talk about his accomplishments, which are absolutely many.   What a lot of people don't understand about Georgia is we have  legends. There are legends from Georgia that, if you go to any history  book or you talk to anybody, they will recognize those names as  Georgia.   James Oglethorpe is one of those, the founder of Georgia. Sam Nunn,  Zell Miller,   John Lewis, Dr. Martin Luther King. Of course, everybody  knows Vince Dooley, the legendary coach of the University of Georgia.  Others, like Tom Murphy, the longest serving speaker of the house in  the Nation, who served in the Georgia State House, that I know Senator  Isakson served with when he was in the State house.   I believe that Johnny Isakson is one of those legends, as well. As  was mentioned, he is the only Georgian in the history of our State, in  the history of this Nation, to serve in both houses of the State  legislature and both Houses of the United States legislature, an  accomplishment no one else has ever achieved.   Now, the one thing I know about Senator Isakson is the character of  the man, that he didn't accomplish those things because it was a  personal goal; it was because of his heart of service.   One thing that I have been able to consistently and honestly say  about Senator Isakson is that he is a statesman. That is something that  seems to be lost in the line of politics today, those who are true  statesmen.   There are some things about him and things about statesmen that are  common across the board. One is truthfulness. I can tell you that  Johnny will tell you the truth, even if it is something you don't want  to hear; but, yet, he will tell you in a way that you will appreciate,  because he is doing it to uplift you and to make you better, not to  draw you down.   Faithfulness, he has been faithful to his faith, his God, his family,  his political beliefs, his party, but, more importantly, this country  and the institutions that he has represented.   Another is trust, that is something that is lacking in modern  politics. But I can tell you this: Johnny Isakson has never ever told  me something that I ever questioned after that. If he told you he was  going to do something, it was going to happen.   Loyalty is another area. He has always been loyal to those who are  his friends, for those he represents, for his nation, and for his  State.   Commitment, he is a very committed person to those things which he  believes in.  [[Page H9048]]    Civility is one of those that really is lost today; but, as many have  spoken here today, he has not only reached across the aisle, but he has  reached across the State to try to bring civility back into politics.   And the last one, which I think is most important to me, is  friendship. The mark of a statesman is all of those, but mostly  friendship.   I was in another Member of Congress' office recently, and, Senator,  there was a poster. It made me laugh. There was a poster on their wall  that said: ``If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.'' Well, I  don't think that Member ever met Johnny Isakson, because he is a friend  not only to me; he is a friend to Georgia. He is a friend to all of us.  He is a friend to the United States.   Senator, God bless you. Thank you for your service to our State.  Thank you for your service to our Nation. You will be missed.   I am so honored to be able to say I am a friend of a legend from  Georgia.   God bless you.   