 Mr. President, earlier this week, the Trump  administration, through the EPA Administrator, Andrew Wheeler, issued  what was called the Clean Power Plan rule. That replaces the Obama-era  Clean Power Plan rule that dealt with carbon emissions from our  powerplants. I am very  [[Page S4152]]  concerned about this proposed rule, and I want to share some of my  concerns with the Members of the Senate and the American people.   The Obama Clean Power Plan rule was aimed at reducing carbon  emissions by 30 percent by the year 2030 compared to the 2005 level. It  was a strong proposal, but it gave maximum discretion to the States on  how they could meet those targets. Those States that relied more on  coal-burning power generation were given different standards than those  States that had already transitioned to cleaner energy sources. It was  a fair rule, a tough rule, and a rule that would significantly reduce  carbon emissions in this country.   Powerplants are the largest single source of carbon pollution, and we  know how harmful carbon pollution is to our environment. Nearly 40  percent comes from power generation.   We need strong Federal regulation. We were moving in that direction  under the previous administration. Now we demote the current emissions  standards to a mere suggestion. That is wrong, and I hope that does not  become the case.   There are many reasons that we should be concerned about this rule.  We should be concerned about what we are doing about carbon pollution.  Let me cite a few.   In the area of public health, we know that if we don't control carbon  emission, we will have more premature deaths. The New York Times  estimates that there would be 1,400 annual premature deaths as a result  of not properly regulating the carbon emissions coming from  powerplants.   We also know that because of the impact carbon has on public health,  the failure to regulate it means more children will miss schooldays  because of their respiratory challenges and more parents won't be able  to work because they have to take care of their children. So the result  is lost schooldays and lost workdays because of the failure to  regulate, which affects our economy and our educating workforce.   We know that children who are vulnerable to respiratory ailments,  such as asthma, are particularly at risk, and there will be more days  that they will be confined to some form of air-conditioning rather than  being able to go out in the neighborhood.   It is also a matter of our economy. We know that clean energy  produces more jobs. That is where we are headed, and the faster we get  there, the better it will be for our economy.   We also know, as a matter of energy security, the faster we move in  this direction, the more secure we will be. America has taken steps to  wean ourselves off of imported energy, but our allies around the world  are still too dependent, as we know from the way Russia uses energy as  a weapon. We need to transition to renewable energy sources so there  can be energy security for America's allies.   Lastly, on the environment, carbon is the major pollutant for  nitrogen pollution in our waters. I say that because many of you have  heard me talk frequently on the floor about the Chesapeake Bay and the  importance of the Chesapeake Bay. It is a national treasure. It is the  largest estuary in our hemisphere. It is critically important to the  way of life here in the Chesapeake Bay watersheds--six States and the  District of Columbia. We recognize its economic value--$1 trillion to  our economy.   Well, 85 million pounds of nitrogen pollution goes into the  Chesapeake Bay from the air. One-third of the Chesapeake Bay's total  nitrogen load comes as a result of our failure to regulate carbon going  into the air. This causes algae blooms in the Chesapeake Bay. It causes  dead zones. It makes it much more difficult for the stakeholders to  meet their stated goals.   I am proud of the Chesapeake Bay Program. All the local governments  have agreed on their responsibility. It is tailored toward the States  and enforced through the help of the Federal Government. But because of  this rule change, it is now going to be more difficult to meet the  goals we have set for the Chesapeake Bay. It is not just affecting the  powerplants; it is affecting our quality of life, public health, the  environment, and the economy.   The States have acted. I am proud of what Maryland has done. We have  shown that you can clean up your carbon emissions through power  production and you can grow your economy. We have done that in the  State of Maryland. We have joined with other States in the RGGI--with  Delaware, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode  Island, Vermont, and New York--and we have shown a 40-percent reduction  in emissions since 2009. That is what the States have done.   In the rule that is being proposed, they are saying they are leaving  it up to the States. Maryland has done that, but we are downwind. The  progress we are making is being negated by the pollution coming in from  the Midwest. We need a national standard in order to be able to meet  our targets.   I would urge my colleagues, let's get engaged. This rule is bad for  our economy. It is bad for public health. It is bad for energy  security. It is bad for the environment. We can do better. Let's work  together so that we have proper regulation at the national level  dealing with carbon emissions.   I yield the floor.   