 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  underlying bill, the Agriculture Workforce Modernization Act.   Now, when you read the title, maybe folks will think that this is  only an agriculture bill. But in reality, this bill also helps to deal  with a vital national security issue: A stable supply of agricultural  goods produced here in the United States of America. Not by a foreign  power who does not have our interests in mind, and could use our food  security as a weapon, but, no, agricultural products grown here by  patriotic American farmers.   And this issue will not happen by itself. The H-2A system that our  farmers now use to get their workforce--frankly, when they are not able  to find American workers--is absolutely broken. It is antiquated, and  it is just not responsive to the changing needs of the patriotic  American farmer.   That is why Members from both sides of the aisle have come together  with over 300 farming organizations to draft a bill that ensures that  in the United States of America those who grow our food will be able to  continue to grow our food and have the adequate workforce that they  need.   No bill is perfect, and this one isn't perfect either. But, again,  this bill, if it moves forward and gets to the President's desk--and  this bill, if it moves forward, can be changed and tweaked to make sure  that it gets to the President's desk--and if we don't do that, we will  be, frankly, letting down our farmers, letting them down one more time,  and, again, opening up the door to a national security threat that we  do not need to allow to happen.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the underlying bill.   But before I yield back, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank a few  people. Some have already been thanked: Mike Carlton from Florida Fruit  & Vegetable Association, for his work to ensure that Florida's  agricultural interests were represented in the negotiations.   I also would like to thank a few staffers: I thank David Shahoulian  from the Committee on the Judiciary who has been amazing over these  years; Carrie Meadows from Representative Newhouse's staff; and also  Cesar Gonzalez, my chief of staff, who has been invaluable, by the way,  in years of working to try to have solutions to an issue that we all  know needs to take place.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado  for yielding. I rise today to strongly support this bipartisan bill.    You have heard today that, for decades, Congress has been talking  about the broken H-2A system, the system that our farmers use to get  the workforce that they need to grow our food. We have been talking  about it for decades.   It is broken and not only creates an economic issue for our farmers  and for the country, but it also creates a national security issue.  Imagine if we were forced to start having to import our food.   Isn't it time to kind of just stop talking and start working to bring  forward real bipartisan solutions? That is what this bill does. Is it  perfect? No, but that is what this bill does. This bill helps our  farmers, finally brings help to our farmers. It also regularizes our  farming workforce, which helps our farmers, helps our communities,  helps our economy, and helps our national security.   Again, this is crucial for those folks who work hard every single day  and who are tired of hearing from Congress just words of how broken the  system is. We finally have a bipartisan bill that does what we have  been talking about for so many years. That is why I am proud to support  this bill.   