 Madam Speaker, for over a year the administration and  Republicans in Congress have emphasized the urgency of passing the new  United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the USMCA.   With this bipartisan vote, and with the hard work from both sides of  the aisle, we finally have the opportunity to rebalance North American  trade. In spite of delays, this opportunity that exists for all  Americans is finally here today.   It has been 25 years since our North American Trade Agreement was  established, and it has not been updated to reflect the modern economy.   Under this new trade agreement, our farmers, manufacturers, and  workers will finally have a deal that modernizes North American trade,  boosts our economy, and strengthens our Nation's role in the global  trading market.   American farmers will now have increased access to the Canadian  market to sell products like dairy, poultry, eggs, and wheat, a vast  improvement over the status quo.   It improves intellectual property provisions that will protect  innovation, safeguard American trade secrets in Canada and Mexico,  though certain protections could be stronger.   USMCA also modernizes trade with Canada and Mexico by establishing a  new gold-standard digital trade chapter to continue the growth of our  digital economy. It includes a new chapter dedicated to helping small-  and medium-sized businesses, which make up 98 percent of our Nation's  exporters.   Our economy relies on trade with our North American neighbors, and  these additions will support American companies, farmers, and workers.  In fact, USMCA is predicted to create over $68 billion in new economic  activity and 176,000 new jobs here in America.   USMCA is a win for the United States and a win for North America. At  long last, Americans will have an updated trade agreement that works  for them. The stage is set for further agreements that help hardworking  Americans.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the President, Ambassador Lighthizer,  and all of my colleagues for working so hard on this over the last  couple of years. I encourage Members to support this.   