 Mr. President, on Sunday, as we Americans savored the  holiday weekend and gave thanks for our liberty, the people of Hong  Kong took to the streets to demand their own. Many waved American  flags.   Hongkongers are continuing to speak up for the freedoms and the  autonomy that Beijing has slowly tried to erode. As long as Beijing  does not relent, it looks like the people of Hong Kong are not going to  relent either. In local elections last week that were largely symbolic,  pro-democracy candidates literally blew away the candidates the Chinese  Communist Party would have preferred in a literal landslide. Not even  Beijing's propagandists can credibly blame this massive display of  popular revulsion at their authoritarianism on the ``black hand'' of  the West. In spite of China's propaganda, the West should not stay  silent as Beijing sneaks to snuff out dissent in Hong Kong.   Just a few days prior, the Congress and President Trump had sent our  clearest signal yet that, yes, the United States of America stands with  Hong Kong. The Senate unanimously passed the Hong Kong Human Rights and  Democracy Act, and the President signed it into law. It delivered  important updates to the original U.S.-Hong Kong Policy Act, which I  authored back in 1992. Preserving freedom and promoting democracy has  required constant vigilance with Hongkongers since Communist China  assumed control of the region.   I have been proud to stand with that effort. With my original  legislation, we paved the way for cooperation between Hong Kong and the  United States, codifying and strengthening economic ties and  facilitating the robust exchange of ideas and support of greater  democracy in the autonomous region. We have laid the foundation for a  U.S.-Hong Kong relationship that has strengthened both their society  and ours and created leverage to hold Beijing accountable.   Back in 1992, I observed that democracy was ``finally gaining a  tenuous foothold in Hong Kong.'' Recent months certainly have reminded  us just how tenuous that foothold can be when an authoritarian country  flexes its muscles. They reminded us just how intent Beijing remains on  exporting its oppressive surveillance state not just within mainland  China but also into Hong Kong and, frankly, all around the world.  [[Page S6830]]    The unanimous Senate vote for expanded oversight and firm responses  to Beijing was welcomed news on the streets of Hong Kong, not because  the U.S. Senate or international nonprofits or anybody else is ginning  up these protests, as Beijing wants people to believe, but because  those speaking out for freedom recognize a friend of freedom when they  see one.   It has been funny to see how invested Beijing is in these conspiracy  theories that this organic protest movement is actually the work of  shadowy puppeteers. Just a few days ago, the Chinese Communist Party's  Foreign Ministry took the panicked and laughable step of  ``sanctioning'' several American nonprofits and NGOs, such as the  International Republican Institute, the National Democratic Institute,  and the National Endowment for Democracy. Like I said, it is laughable.  I admire the heck out of these organizations, but they aren't exactly  in the business of commanding millions of people from Hong Kong to  Beirut, to Baghdad, to Tehran to take to the streets. They are not that  good.   Here is the business they are in: speaking up for the timeless and  universal principles of basic human freedom. They help keep the torch  lit. It is the brave souls around the world who want better lives for  themselves and their children who pick up the ball and run with it for  themselves.   The junior varsity tantrum that Beijing is throwing against these  U.S.-based organizations is literally comical. It puts the Communist  Party's hypersensitivity on full display. It is the same flailing that  we see from other regimes from Moscow to Tehran, driven by the same  aggressive, authoritarian instincts that push social media propaganda,  street corner surveillance, police violence, and the modern-day gulags  where China is imprisoning and brutalizing the Uighur people. These are  the forces history never judges kindly. I am proud of the people of  Hong Kong. I am proud of the Senate's latest action to support them,  and I am proud to continue standing alongside them in their journey to  true self-determination.   