 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle for their passionate advocacy on behalf of  this important issue.   Listening to my colleague,   Gregory Meeks, I will remind everyone,  as he heads toward the back of the Chamber, I represent the greatest  congressional district in New York, the First Congressional District of  New York.   We as New Yorkers, but really all of us in this Chamber as Americans,  Republicans and Democrats, have worked together and need to continue to  work together.   Ranking Member McHenry has had a great open door for Republicans, to  hear our feedback and concerns on this important issue, to make sure  there is not a lapse.   Mr. Speaker, I am rising in support of H.R. 4634, the Terrorism Risk  Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019, which builds on our  continued efforts to keep our promise to the victims of terrorism  through the Never Forget the Heroes Act, which was signed into law  earlier this year.   The U.S. continues to face one of the most challenging threat  environments, and terrorists will try to find any way to instill fear  and destroy the American values and way of life that we hold dear,  love, and cherish.   For the terrorists, their efforts include destabilizing our financial  markets and economy.   We must combat terrorism through every means possible. The Terrorism  Risk Insurance Act is a critical insurance backstop that provides  important protections for construction jobs, venues, and regional  economies across America in the event of a catastrophic terrorist  attack.   Failure to reauthorize this program could cause major market  disruption, which is why I am proud to cosponsor this important  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill to  bolster both our national and economic security. I rise not just as a  New Yorker but with my colleagues together as Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and the ranking member for bringing  this bill to the floor.   