 Madam Speaker, I am pleased to rise in  strong support of H.R. 1865.   I want to first thank our chairwoman, Nita Lowey, and also Ranking  Member Kay Granger for their leadership and cooperation. I want to  thank my good friend, Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida, for his  collaborative approach. I couldn't ask for a better ranking member and  partner in our subcommittee's work.   The T-HUD section of this bill invests in America's transportation  and housing infrastructure with a particular stress on safety, on  addressing the needs of the most vulnerable, and on mitigating the  impacts of climate change.   It includes $74.3 billion in discretionary funding. That is an  increase of $3.2 billion above the 2019 level, and it is $15.8 billion  above the President's budget request.   On the housing side of the ledger, all Section 8 vouchers are  renewed. The HOME program and Community Development Block Grants each  receive $100 million in increased funding, and there is a $95 million  increase for public housing capital expenditures to address the  maintenance backlog.   Vital transportation programs are also robustly funded, including $1  billion for BUILD, formerly TIGER, grants. We provide more than $3  billion in discretionary resources above authorized levels for  highways, transit, and aviation projects for every State and territory  in this Nation. Amtrak, competitive rail grant programs, and port  infrastructure also receive strong funding.   These investments support a renewed commitment to safety. The FAA  receives additional resources to bolster aircraft certification,  including dedicated funding to hire new safety inspectors, engineers,  and data scientists. Every State will receive new funding to repair  aging and deficient bridges. And resources are provided to address  hazards in Federally-assisted housing, such as carbon monoxide, radon,  and lead.   Vulnerable populations are targeted in our bill. We prioritized  assistance for them, for example, for the construction of new housing  units for the elderly and disabled, new vouchers for veterans, as well  as resources for the homeless, people with HIV/AIDS, domestic violence  survivors, and at-risk youth.   Finally, I am proud that this legislation lays the groundwork to  integrate resiliency principles into the full range of programs under  the bill's jurisdiction. For example, we require in this bill HUD  grantees to think ahead about storm and hazard mitigation as part of  their planning process.   So, in closing, we are proud of this bill, and we urge its support.  It makes forward-looking investments while boosting safety and  protecting vulnerable populations. It will benefit and serve all  American communities, urban and rural, and lay the foundation for  economic growth and prosperity.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   