 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 7 minutes.    Madam President, I rise in support of the motion to  discharge Senator Paul's joint resolution, S.J. Res. 20, from the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee in the hopes of having an urgently  needed discussion about these sales.   Over the past 2 weeks, Congress's legally mandated role in the arms  sales process has recently garnered a lot of  [[Page S3457]]  attention among the Members of the body and the American people.  Reviewing and approving arms sales across the world is a core function  of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. It is an integral exercise  of congressional oversight of the executive branch, and it is legally  mandated.   So as we consider Senator Paul's resolution today regarding arms  sales to Qatar and Bahrain, I would first like to make a few points of  clarification.   First, the resolutions of disapproval before us today are completely  unrelated to the administration's bogus ``emergency'' notification of  the 22 sales to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, as well as  the 22 resolutions I filed with a bipartisan group of Senators in  objection to them.   Second, the resolutions before us today have already gone through the  regular committee process. As is normal procedure, the administration  notified us of these sales. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee and  the House Foreign Affairs Committee then conducted our due diligence,  after which we, in fact, agreed with the administration that these  sales should go forward.   However, I do support the Senator from Kentucky's right to seek full  consideration of them by the Senate. Given the administration's  decision last month to completely flout congressional review over arms  sales, I am supporting this motion in order to once again emphasize the  importance of congressional oversight and due diligence.   With that in mind, I appreciate Senator Paul's--as well as Senator  Graham's, Senator Young's, and Senator Lee's--cosponsorship of my 22  resolutions of disapproval regarding the administration's so-called  emergency arms sales to Saudi Arabia and the UAE.   I am glad to know I am not the only one in this body disturbed by the  President's willingness to bypass Congress and sell this weaponry  without any consideration of the recent events that have strained our  relationship with Saudi Arabia, and I certainly look forward to a more  robust debate and vote on those sales next week.   But let me start by saying that I placed holds on specific sales to  Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates over serious, credible  concerns that these weapons were being used to target civilians.  Through the regular review process, I sought answers from the State  Department about how these sales were promoting our interests and what  steps we were taking to get guarantees from the Saudis and the Emiratis  that these weapons were being used in a way consistent with our  interests, with international humanitarian law, and with respect to  human rights.   After the brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi, the Department of State  ceased engaging with me on these questions and did not respond to  inquiries about how these sales were furthering U.S. interests or about  our relationship with Saudi Arabia. This is unacceptable. They could  have engaged. They chose not to.   The bottom line is that we are a coequal branch of government, and we  cannot stay silent when any administration attempts to override or  circumvent legally mandated oversight by Congress.   The United States sells a significant amount of weapons to Gulf  countries, but given the rhetoric and behavior coming out of the  administration, the last thing we should be doing is weakening our  scrutiny over arms sales.   Let's remember why we pursue these sales in the first place. Arms  sales are one of our many tools to promote American foreign policy and  military objectives. We use arms sales to bring like-minded countries  in line with our goals and to promote interoperability with American  defense systems.   As the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, I have  always been diligent in reviewing every arms sale proposed by this  administration, including these sales to Bahrain and Qatar. Through our  standard process, I reviewed and cleared these sales for consideration  by the Senate as part of our normal statutory procedures.   Now, let me turn to the particular sale to Bahrain, which I believe  is in our interest at this moment. Make no mistake. I have serious  concern about Bahrain's human rights record--concerns I have made clear  to the Bahrain Government and to the State Department. I will be the  first to say that Bahrain does not have a blank check for weapons  systems from the United States. However, I am mindful that Bahrain  hosts the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet. This package of upgraded F-16s and  related munitions will help Bahrain effectively defend its territory,  including U.S. Naval facilities, as well as participate in  multinational efforts like the former coalition against ISIS in Syria.   Now, regarding the other resolution concerning Qatar, I note that  Qatar has requested additional attack helicopters to fill its  operational requirements, including enhancing their long-term defensive  and offensive capability and the ability to protect key oil and gas  infrastructure and platforms important to the United States and Western  economic interests. Qatar faces threats from everywhere, not the least  of which is Saudi Arabia and the UAE.   Finally, I would note that Qatar continues to host U.S. Armed Forces  at Al Udeid Air Base, providing critical support to U.S. national  security capabilities in the region.   So while I support the Senator from Kentucky's rights to have these  resolutions considered, it is for these reasons that I will ultimately  support the sale to Qatar and Bahrain, as will most of my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   