 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 281, the  Ensuring Diverse Leadership Act of 2019, a.k.a. the Beatty rule.   I thank my friends, Mrs. Beatty and Chairwoman Waters, for their work  on this legislation and for bringing it to the House floor today.   My friend Mrs. Beatty has been a tremendous leader on the Financial  Services Subcommittee on Diversity and Inclusion, and it has been a  pleasure getting to know her in my first term in Congress and working  with her on this very important issue.   Frankly, when I am back in my district, the issue that most animates  our business leaders, those working day-to-day in our community, is the  work that we are doing on the Diversity and Inclusion Subcommittee.   KeyBank, Huntington Bank, folks in Ohio, all have stories about the  different initiatives that they have undertaken to expand diversity in  the financial services community.   Like many of my colleagues, I am concerned about the historic lack of  diversity that we have seen at the highest levels of the Federal  Reserve. I think this is an important piece of legislation that will  help rectify that.   As Mr. Stivers alluded to, I consider myself the direct beneficiary  of the NFL's Rooney Rule. During my time in the NFL, I was fortunate to  play for two men who I consider to be the most incredible and profound  leaders with whom I have ever had a chance to work. Both are African  American: Tony Dungy, who is in the hall of fame, and Jim Caldwell.   The Rooney Rule has worked. From 1921 until 2003, the NFL had seven  minority coaches--from 1921 to 2003, seven. From 2003 to the present,  we have seen 18.   This is a step in the right direction in furthering the promotion of  increased diversity by taking a page out of the NFL's playbook and by  implementing the Beatty rule for regional Federal Reserve banks when  interviewing for a new president, modeled off of the successful Rooney  Rule.   By providing the opportunity to be interviewed and to showcase their  individual talents, this legislation will open more doors for  individuals from a diverse background while still being based on merit.  This is about expanding opportunities and giving everybody a fair shot.  [[Page H7579]]    I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on this  important issue, and again, I thank and congratulate Mrs. Beatty for  her work on this legislation. I look forward to enthusiastically voting  ``yes.''   