 Madam Speaker, the attacks on 9/11, designed  to murder as many innocent people as possible, were acts of war against  the United States. It resulted in the deaths of almost 3,000 people and  left a smoldering pile of toxic debris in New York. But thousands of  noble and courageous first responders scaled that smoldering pile and  exhumed the dead with dignity. Today, the site includes the National  September 11 Memorial.   It is fitting that Congress do more than memorialize. We must also  provide. The 9/11 first responders, like all first responders, deserve  to have their sacrifices recognized through programs that reasonably  limit their damage to their own selves and families and the sacrifice  they entailed.   This legislation would reauthorize the current September 11 Victim  Compensation Fund, the medical program covering needed healthcare for  those affected by the 9/11 incident, which has already been extended to  the year 2090 in legislation enacted many years ago.   This legislation before us today would extend a separate program to  2090, namely, the program designed to compensate the same victims for  lost earnings and other losses they suffered as a result of the 9/11  attack. The compensation will, of course, cost money, recognizing that  it is not mean-spirited in any way, but simply a necessity in a  responsible budgeting process where limited Federal dollars and  specific funds must be allocated in a formal budget composed of  specific dollar amounts divided up by a program.   Sadly, this bill comes to the floor without any provision to pay for  the program, in fact, no provision at all. This bill, according to the  Congressional Budget Office, will cost $10.2 billion, and that is  during the first decade of the seven decades that this bill extends.   I, like the chairman, would have preferred never to have to touch  this bill again because it is in honor of those who served us, but,  unfortunately, his request that he made that this will be the last time  is not going to be true because of, inherently, the way the bill is  being passed today. We did not sit down and get this done. The Senate  will then have to do that as we go forward.   So the process is, frankly, unfulfilling, although we need to  continue to move forward. So as we look forward to this, it is  unfortunate that we have chosen today to put risk on this compensation,  given the fact that the Senate has got to now be a part of this  solution.   While the fiscal impact of this legislation will have to be addressed  before it is signed into law, what is clear, though, is our collective  duty to see that our first responders are treated fairly and in  accordance with what they have already given of themselves to a  grateful nation.   I look forward to supporting this legislation, and that is why I am a  cosponsor of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to do so as well.  But it is sad to know that we will have to touch this again. And time  will pass before this happens because the Senate will have to take this  up and have to do what we should have done here and find that pay-for  in a bicameral and bipartisan way so that we don't have to touch this  again and those who are suffering will know that this body is committed  to them.   I commend my chairman, and I am glad that we are on this bill  together. I just wish that we didn't have to touch it again, but we are  going to have to. But that is not going to stand in the way, today, of  us honoring the names on this bill and honoring every face that this  bill will help for those who served us and our Nation.   I fully commend this bill to the body of this House as we move  forward today, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, it is my privilege to yield 5  minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. King).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Cline).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I will inquire through the  Chair, does the gentleman have any more speakers?    Madam Speaker, I will reiterate. I know our  staffs have talked. If he actually needs it, I will be happy to yield  some time, if he happens to need it.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   The names that have been talked about in this bill, and this bill has  been named for them, especially Mr. Alvarez, who appeared before the  committee, these are all stories and faces. This is definitely a bill  that we have talked about many times.   We have talked about them in terms of numbers. We have talked about  them in terms of bills and line numbers and this kind of thing. But  these are actually lives, and I think that is the thing that struck me,  and I am glad that there is such bipartisan support on this.   These folks should never be forgotten. They should be etched in our  memories, for those of us, no matter where we were on 9/11, remember  them going in. I can actually watch and still see the towers fall,  knowing that at that moment lives perished and there were those who  were saving others. And that is what we are here for.   I will say--and I want this to be said, because this is on the  Record, and I want the Senate to hear me loud and clear--I wish we  could have finished this bill.   We are not finished with this bill, but I am imploring Senator  McConnell and the others to actually take this, find the pay-for, get  it done, and send it back to us as quickly as possible so that we can  stamp it and send it to the President. This needs to be done, and it is  something that has to happen.   I would encourage every Member of this body to vote for this bill  and, at the same point, send a strong message to the Senate to fix it:  Don't change it; don't dawdle with it; don't do anything except do your  job over there. Put the money attached to this.   We should have done that here. We didn't. We didn't have a pay-for,  but they will, and we will get this done.  [[Page H5750]]    To everybody waiting on us, this is not waiting on us. We are doing  our job. We are going to make sure these victims are compensated, and  we need to get it done quickly. That is why I support this. That is why  I hope everyone on our side and the Democratic side supports this.   Madam Speaker, this has been an important part of us moving forward,  remembering the lives that sacrificed for us as we move forward from  that tragic day, and I appreciate everyone who has come down to speak  on that.   Again, I encourage a ``yes'' vote on this as we move forward, and I  ask the Senate to quickly--I know that sometimes may be strange for the  other body--but to quickly do their job and get this back to us so that  we can finish this process.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, Mr. Nadler has just brought up  something that I cannot let pass.   Lisette is not only someone who has given service to Mr. Nadler. She  has given a great deal of service to this House and to me and to my  staff personally.   She will be missed on both sides of this aisle because she  understands completely what this House should be about, and that is  actually service and actually getting legislation done.   