 Mr. President, this afternoon, the Republican leader is  bringing the Green New Deal resolution up for a vote on the floor of  the Senate. What the Republican leader, however, is not doing is  allowing us to have any hearings, any witnesses, any science, any  evidence of the massive destruction in our country.   Just from fires and flooding over the last 2 years, there has been  $400 billion worth of damage. None of that will ever be heard out here.  None of it was heard in a committee because the Republican leader is  making a sham of this process. This is not the serious process this  incredible issue deserves. The United Nations has made it clear that  climate change is now an existential threat to our country and to the  planet.   Notwithstanding the incredible damage that is being done to our  planet, the Republicans' concern is that the Green New Deal is an  existential threat to the Koch brothers, to ExxonMobil, and to all of  those polluting companies that do not want to end business as usual.  The Republican leader does not want a hearing at which we will learn  that we now have 350,000 people who are in the wind and solar  industries and that we have 350,000 blue-collar jobs--electricians,  roofers, steelworkers--in our country. The Green New Deal would  supercharge that even more to our having millions of clean energy jobs  in our country.   We can save all of creation by engaging in massive job creation,  which is the core of the Green New Deal, and we can do it in a way that  ensures we protect people in our country. We have gone now from 80,000  solar jobs to 240,000 solar jobs in just the last 10 years. We have  gone from 2,500 all-electric vehicles to 1 million all-electric  vehicles in just 10 years. There have been 500,000 new electric  vehicles sold this year in the United States--1 year--after only having  2,000 of them sold 10 years ago. We went from 1,000 megawatts of solar  capacity to 65,000 megawatts in 2018. That is a revolution in 10 years.  We have gone from 25,000  [[Page S1963]]  megawatts of wind to 98,000 megawatts of wind in 10 years.   That is the revolution the Koch brothers are afraid of, and that is  the revolution the polluters want to stop because it is the existential  threat to their business model. That is what the fight is all about out  here--the Koch brothers v. the Green New Deal. It is one business model  against another, and our business model is the job creation engine of  this generation for blue-collar jobs.   Now, who paid for the Republican study that they all came out on the  floor to use? It was paid for by the Koch brothers. They put together  what they believe are the costs of the Green New Deal. This was not  some private, independent group. The Koch brothers themselves paid for  the study that the Republicans have used out here on the floor.   The hearings, if the majority leader had ever ordered them to have  been conducted, would have just picked out some of the items regarding  how much harm had been done to our planet and to our own country in the  last 2 years--$24 billion from western wildfires in 2018, $24 billion  from Hurricane Michael, $24 billion from Hurricane Florence, $18  billion from western wildfires in 2017, $91 billion from Hurricane  Maria, and on and on and on--Hurricane Harvey, $127.5 billion.   This is all climate related. We pay the price for this. There is no  exempting America from having to pick up the costs. Shouldn't we be  investing in job creation? Shouldn't we be investing in this incredible  change that is already taking place in our economy?   The Green New Deal is not just a resolution; it is a revolution that  is taking place across our country. That is why people are rising up  all across our country. It is because they know we can do this and  because they know this is a job-creation engine that absolutely can  create millions of jobs and that can absolutely begin the process of  having America, once again, be the leader on this issue.   The denier in chief sits in the White House. The denier in chief  addressed the United States at the State of the Union for an hour and  20 minutes just 7 weeks ago, but he did not mention climate change and  did not mention clean energy jobs. That is why we are in this fight. We  are in the fight because, if we don't lead, the rest of the world will  not follow. You cannot preach temperance from a barstool. You can't  tell China and you can't tell India what to do if you yourself are not  leading. We are the United States of America.   President Kennedy challenged our country to have a mission to the  Moon. He said in his speech at Rice University that we would have to  invent new metals, new alloys, and propulsion systems that did not  exist. He said we would have to bring that mission safely back from the  Moon through heat that was half the intensity of the Sun and get it  completed within 10 years. We did that as a nation. We can do this as  well. We can deploy these technologies; we can invent new technologies;  and we can create millions of jobs within our country because we are  bold--because we are a country that can do it.   The President is, for all intents and purposes, John F. Kennedy in  reverse. He says we can't do it. He says we should not accept this  challenge. Ladies and gentlemen, the Green New Deal is our accepting  the challenge, and we are looking forward to this debate today and  every day until election day of 2020. We are going to inject this issue  into the Presidential and congressional races of 2020 in a way that  ensures that unlike in 2016, when Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were  not asked a single question about climate change, the candidates will  be asked every day about what their plans are.   We say to the Republican leader: Do you believe in the science? Do  you believe it is an existential threat? If you do, where is your plan?  Where is the Republican plan to deal with the science of climate  change?   If you do not believe it is a threat, then, say it. If you do not  believe the science, then, say it. But if you do believe the science,  then, all we say to you is this: Where is your plan to deal with this  challenge?   President Kennedy responded to the challenge of the Soviet Union  controlling outer space, and we succeeded. What is the plan of this  Republican era to deal with the challenge of climate, an existential  threat to our planet?   We thank you for your attention.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   