 Mr. President, I would like to begin by thanking our  friend and colleague from Iowa, Senator Ernst, for her leadership on  the reauthorization and--indeed, I think the important point should be  made--to strengthen the Violence Against Women Act. We don't have to  settle for the House bill. We can have a better bill for victims of  domestic violence. Unfortunately, like so much important work, we seem  constantly to get diverted and distracted and dragged down by the  partisanship that seems to dominate Washington, DC, these days. For  many months, our colleague from Iowa has been working closely with  Senator Feinstein from California to try to figure a way to reauthorize  this critical law.   In the meantime, though, not on one occasion but on two occasions, we  have offered a continuing resolution that would extend the current  reauthorization and our Democratic colleagues have shut that down. So  we are in unchartered territory where we don't currently have an  authorization for the Violence Against Women Act.   I shared our colleague's disappointment when our Democratic  colleagues walked away from the negotiating table and chose to  introduce a replica of the House's partisan bill, which as you have  heard, does not have the support to pass in the Senate. Let me say one  thing that should be abundantly clear but sometimes I think it gets  lost: We all agree that more must be done to prevent violence and  respond to it. It is fair to say that we have different opinions on  what those pathways look like, but one thing that should not be up for  debate is whether or not we reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act.  That is something we need to do.   The fact is that we don't have to settle for the House bill. We can  do better. Our Democratic colleagues took an interesting approach in  introducing a bill that a majority of people in this Chamber will not  support, and they know that. Sadly, that is part of the point. They  know they have a bill that does not enjoy consensus support because  they would rather make the political point and argument that somehow  some of us on this side don't believe in supporting victims of domestic  violence, which is absolutely a falsehood. It is a lie. During a press  conference, the Senator from Hawaii even conceded five times that the  House bill is going nowhere, but that is the path our Democratic  colleagues have chosen. Rather than working in a bipartisan fashion to  build a consensus package that could actually become law, they decided  to head down a partisan path led by the House bill, which came to us 7  months ago.   Clearly, some of our colleagues here in the Senate are not interested  in actually making laws. They are in it for the headlines, for the  politics. In the face of this ridiculous and unacceptable jockeying, I  am glad that today Senator Ernst will introduce a consensus alternative  to the bill offered by our colleagues, and I am proud to be a cosponsor  of the legislation. This bill introduced by the Senator from Iowa will  send more funding and more resources to the Violence Against Women Act  than the Democrats' bill. It is actually better and will authorize a  program for twice as long. It will give the Department of Justice the  stability it needs to plan for the future without being jerked around  by partisan gains.   This bill includes a lot more than just funding. It also addresses a  number of horrific crimes that are being committed against women and  girls in our country. Sex trafficking, for example, is currently not  always recognized as a form of sexual assault--and it is--but this bill  would make that clear. It would also enhance the maximum criminal  penalties for sexual abuse of minors and other vulnerable groups. It  will, as you heard, take aim at heinous crimes like mutilation and  address crimes in rural areas and on Tribal lands. This legislation  includes provisions from a number of bipartisan bills that have been  introduced in the Senate to both improve resources for victims and  target specific types of abuse.    One example is a bill I introduced with the Senator from California,  my friend Senator Feinstein, called the HEALS Act, which will remove  some of the hurdles that exist between victims of domestic violence and  their access to safe housing. That is in our bill. This provision would  also include greater flexibility for transitional housing programs so  that survivors can get back on their feet without the fear of losing  the roof over their head.   This bill includes language introduced by Senators Murkowski and  Cortez Masto to combat the epidemic of murdered and missing Native  women and girls. It will allow for better law enforcement coordination  and provide local and Tribal law enforcement with more resources to  address these crimes. It is critical that we all call attention to  these despicable acts of violence and unequivocally reject them without  regard to partisanship or party.   Another challenge we face is technology outpacing our ability to  counter certain types of exploitation. Abusive images and videos  proliferate online, for example. This is a relatively new challenge,  but it is real and it is omnipresent. This legislation will empower  victims of this type of abuse to remove the content from the internet  by using copyright takedown authority. It also establishes an  innovation fund for the Office on Violence Against Women to address  emerging trends so victims can get the support they need as quickly as  possible.   If you compare this legislation to the bill passing the House and  introduced by our Democratic colleagues here, there is no question that  our version does more to support survivors of domestic violence and  sexual assault. It provides more funding over a longer period of time,  and it targets despicable crimes that are being committed across the  country that aren't even covered by the House bill.   Let me just close by thanking our friend from Iowa for continuing to  fight for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault and for  leading the effort to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. It is  a bill that never should have lapsed, despite two attempts to continue  it that our Democratic colleagues objected to. I am proud to be a  cosponsor of this bill and look forward to working with all of our  colleagues to advance it. I hope our colleagues will return to the  negotiation table and work with us so we can send a long-term  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act to the President's  desk for his signature.   