 Madam President, I rise to speak in support of the  nomination of Judge Peter Phipps of the U.S. District Court for the  Western District of Pennsylvania to be a U.S. Circuit Judge for the  Third Circuit.   Judge Phipps is highly qualified to serve on the Third Circuit. He  has dedicated his legal career to public service, first as a decorated  career attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice and now as a Federal  trial judge. As both a judge and a lawyer, he has been a faithful  adherent to the rule of law.   Senator Casey and I supported Judge Phipps' nomination to the  district court. He was recommended to us by the bipartisan judicial  advisory panel that we use to vet and recommend candidates to fill  district court vacancies in the Western District of Pennsylvania. In  2018, the Senate easily confirmed Judge Phipps to the district court by  voice vote after the Senate Judiciary Committee reported him to the  floor by voice vote.   Before joining the bench, Judge Phipps served for 15 years as a  career attorney in the U.S. Department of Justice's Civil Division,  where he worked under three Presidential administrations of both  parties. He represented the Federal Government in numerous complex  cases and received multiple awards for his excellent work. Since 2014,  he has served as an adjunct law professor at Duquesne University, where  he teaches administrative law. Earlier in his career, he clerked for  Chief Judge Guy Cole on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit  and worked as a commercial litigator in private practice. Judge Phipps  is a graduate of the University of Dayton and Stanford Law School.   Judge Phipps has an outstanding reputation for intelligence,  professionalism, fairness, and integrity, but you do not have to take  my word for it. Here are few examples of how others have described him.   The American Bar Association has rated him well-qualified on the  basis of his integrity, professional competence, and judicial  temperament. Minority Leader Schumer and Senator Leahy, the former  chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, have called the American  Bar Association's rating ``the gold standard by which judicial  candidates are judged.''   Senator Graham, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee,  stated after Judge Phipps' nomination hearing on June 5, 2019 that  Judge Phipps ``is one of the most impressive nominees for the U.S.  Circuit Courts that has appeared before the Committee. He is incredibly  smart and well balanced. Mr. Phipps will be a great addition to the  Third Circuit.''   At Judge Phipps' district court investiture on December 18, 2018,  Chief Judge Cole of the Sixth Circuit, an appointee of President Bill  Clinton, said that Judge Phipps ``has earned a reputation for honesty,  trustworthiness, great character, humility and professionalism.'' In  addition, Chief Judge Cole stated that Judge Phipps ``has a brilliant  mind, endless curiosity, and an even temperament. He will treat all who  come before him equally and apply a strong work ethic to each and every  matter. In short, Judge Phipps will be fair and just in the truest  sense of those words.''   Leon Panetta, Secretary of Defense under President Barack Obama, has  written to the Senate in support of Judge Phipps' nomination. He worked  closely with Judge Phipps on a legal matter when he was Secretary of  Defense. His letter states: ``Throughout the many hours we spent with  one another I was repeatedly impressed by Peter's legal acumen,  dedication, attention to detail, and integrity. I have come to know  Peter to be a faithful public servant and an excellent attorney. I am  very pleased that he has been nominated to give his time and talents to  the bench. I believe Peter will serve with honor and highly recommend  his confirmation.''   The Senate has also received enthusiastic letters of support for  Judge Phipps' nomination from attorneys who have litigated with and  against him, including former colleagues from the U.S. Department of  Justice. For instance, one group of attorneys praised Judge Phipps as a  ``model jurist'' who has a ``piercing intellect'' and ``deep knowledge  of the law.'' Similarly, a group of his former colleagues from the U.S.  Department of Justice wrote: ``Judge Phipps' generosity, perspective,  commitment to the rule of law, and selflessness--in addition to his  intelligence and extensive experience--will make him a superb appellate  judge.''   I am confident that Judge Phipps will live up to this high praise on  the Third Circuit. He has all the essential qualities needed to excel  as a Federal appellate judge: experience, intelligence, integrity, and  respect for the limited role of the judiciary in our constitutional  system. I am pleased to support this highly qualified nominee and urge  my colleagues to do the same.   