 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the Democratic  en bloc amendment.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment includes language which would take a  major step back in unleashing our domestic potential to procure  critical minerals and reduce our reliance on foreign competitors like  China and Russia. The amendment also includes language which would  limit access to the healthiest beverage option in our national parks-- water.   Should we limit drinking water options available to park visitors  especially in parks where the temperatures can easily reach triple  digits?   The answer is no.   Finally, I offer a few observations that I believe we should keep in  mind as we discuss ethylene oxide. Ethylene oxide is a critical tool to  ensure that medical devices are sterile and safe for patients. For many  materials, that is certain plastics, ethylene oxide is the only safe  option for sterilization. Other sterilization methods--radiation and  steam heat--will degrade the materials and cause the device to lose its  integrity.   We all share the goal of patient access to safe medical devices,  clean air, and clean workspaces. I am committed to working with my  colleague and others to encourage more sustainable and efficient use of  EO.   Mr. Chair, I oppose this en bloc amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, apparently there is an individual  who is en route who would like to speak on this amendment, but at this  point in time I do not have a witness right here, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   Sport hunting is an important recreational activity for countless  Americans and has been for centuries. President Teddy Roosevelt, a  champion of the conservation movement, went on hunting expeditions  around the world.   This amendment would negatively impact the people of Zimbabwe,  Zambia, and Tanzania. The money generated from trophy hunts helps the  local populations by providing jobs and funding for community services.   One of the countries listed in the amendment is Zimbabwe. The  Communal Areas Management Plan for Indigenous Resources, or CAMPFIRE,  program in Zimbabwe attempted to create economic incentives for  communities and landowners to conduct habitat and ecosystem  restoration. At one point, CAMPFIRE generated more than $20 million, of  which almost 90 percent came from trophy hunting, allowing communities  to establish management over the habit and resources within the range  area.   Another country mentioned in the amendment is Zambia. Zambia's  Administrative Design for Game Management Areas program has served as a  model for locally accruing trophy-hunting revenue, as the program  receives 67 percent of the trophy-hunting revenue in game management  areas. Fifty-three percent of the program revenue is directed toward  wildlife management. The remainder goes to community development.   There is also a lack of sufficient data on the effect of hunting  species that would lead us to support efforts like this amendment.  According to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, many  scientific studies on trophy hunting's effects on wildlife populations  contain disclaimers of insufficient data to measure the effect of  hunting on a species.   Certainly, improvements can be made in these and other countries to  further conserve species and benefit local communities. However, this  amendment would take us in the wrong direction. Instead, we should  focus our efforts on habitat loss and fragmentation, illegal poaching,  and conflict with humans.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alaska (Mr. Young), my distinguished colleague.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Duncan).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I might  consume.   I rise to support the en bloc amendment.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Lowey for her support and Chair McCollum  for working with us to include provisions important to Members on both  sides of the aisle.   Included in this en bloc amendment are several water provisions that  I support, including grants to States to reduce pollution in our  waterways.   The amendment also supports the maintenance of the Great Lakes  Advisory Board, which helps to ensure that transparent and credible  views guide Great Lakes Restoration Initiative investments.   Finally, the en bloc amendment includes language prioritizing funding  for grants to fight domestic violence in American Indian and Alaska  Native communities.   Mr. Chair, I support the bipartisan en bloc amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Hudson), my distinguished colleague and friend.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment.  When it comes to ANWR, there is no such thing as a noncontroversial  policy provision. This one found its way into the Interior-Environment  spending bill at a time when longstanding bipartisan provisions have  fallen out.   As I mentioned during general debate on this spending package, we  need to remove these poison pill riders before we can reach a  longstanding bipartisan agreement. That is why I support the amendment  to strike this controversial policy position.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in reluctant opposition to the  gentleman's amendment.   Under Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the Constitution: ``No money  shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of appropriations  made by law.''   That function resides within the appropriately named Appropriations  Committee, and I take great pride in having served on this committee.   Every year, we dedicate a great deal of time to crafting and amending  the annual spending bills to fulfill this constitutional responsibility  and to keep the Federal Government operating.   We spend countless hours hearing from agency officials, outside  advocates, and our fellow Members of Congress about our budgetary  needs. We make tough choices regarding prioritization.   That is why I must oppose this amendment and I oppose the previous  amendment.   Rather than evaluating the worthiness of each individual program, the  amendment would indiscriminately cut funding across the board.   Such drastic cuts could harm bipartisan efforts to improve healthcare  for American Indians and Alaska Natives; combat invasive species like  Asian carp and zebra mussels; prevent devastating wildfires; address  the maintenance backlogs at National Park Service and Fish and Wildlife  Service sites; and provide payments to local communities under the  Payment in Lieu of Taxes, or PILT, program.   Therefore, even though I share some of the gentleman's concerns about  the excessive spending in these bills, I must oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Granger), I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   