 Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentleman  from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the bills to recognize lower drug prices  passed the Energy and Commerce Committee with unanimous bipartisan  support.   They were genuine efforts to address the most expensive component of  healthcare, but Democrats have packaged these bipartisan drug-pricing  solutions with controversial, ideologically driven legislation that  will not be taken up by the Senate. Shame on them.   So here we go again. According to The Washington Post, in so doing,  the Democrats have put a pothole in the path of drug pricing. We have  all seen the charts and seen the quotes here earlier in the day.   Mr. Chairman, as the 11th-most bipartisan Member of the House, I  recognize the importance of playing nice in the sandbox and putting  good legislation before politics. This combination fails that test.   My amendment is simple. It would strike the most controversial  portions from the bill, leaving those areas that allow us to lower the  cost of prescription drugs.   Therefore, if your goal is to lower the cost of prescription drugs, I  would encourage my friends and colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  amendment. But if you want to play politics with the healthcare of  Americans and see this bill stopped in the Senate, then vote ``no,''  and you will see what happens.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this is the third time today I have heard  the word ``sabotage'' so that must be the new operative word coming  from my colleagues across the aisle.   I would submit to you, I will turn the table back because if there is  someone trying to sabotage the effort of lowering healthcare prices, it  is you.   Our chairman on the other side, however, I think genuinely wanted to  lower the healthcare prices when the bills came out in a nonpartisan  fashion which was universally adopted by us. But someplace from the  time they left Energy and Commerce to the time they came to the floor,  they were put into something that the Senate has already indicated they  have no appetite for.   So if we truly want to lower healthcare prices in this vote, then it  is a ``yes'' vote. But if you want to sabotage this legislation, you go  right ahead and do what you have to do.   So I know, Mr. Chairman, there were good efforts here, bipartisan  efforts to try to get something done. It looks like something has crept  in to cause a problem.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   