 Mr. President, before I rise to speak on behalf of the  nomination of Dr. John Fleming to be Assistant Secretary for Economic  Development at the Department of Commerce, I remind my Republican  friends that the pot calls the kettle black once again.   Whatever harm or abuse has been done to this nominee or other  nominees pales by comparison to what happened to one of the most  distinguished judges in America, Merrick Garland, who was nominated,  literally, a year before the end of the last President's  administration. He never got a hearing, never got a vote, no  committee--none of that. There are no clean hands.   Mr. President, I am pleased to rise in support of the nomination of  John  [[Page S1730]]  Fleming to be our Assistant Secretary for Economic Development at the  Department of Commerce. In that role, Dr. Fleming would oversee the  Economic Development Administration--we call it the EDA. In my home  State, we benefited a great deal from EDA in recent years. We are  grateful for them. EDA provides money used to leverage other moneys for  economic development purposes. If I had more time, I would be able to  give you some good examples.   When Dr. Fleming was a Member of the House of Representatives, he  voted repeatedly to eliminate the Economic Development Administration.  That is why I initially held deep reservations about his nomination.  When Dr. Fleming and I met before his hearing last year, he assuaged  most of my concerns. In the end, I decided to vote my hopes over my  fears and voted to approve his nomination out of committee. Today I  will again vote in support of his nomination.   As the senior Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee  in the Senate, I will work to ensure that EDA programs are protected  and promoted, and I hope Dr. Fleming will be leading in those efforts.  Today I will be leading the efforts to get him confirmed for his post  and put him to work.   The last thing I would say, if I have a few more seconds--I think I  may. One of the things I do is customer calls, and I suspect the  Presiding Officer does this back in his home State of Indiana. I do  them often. I visit businesses large and small. I ask three questions:  How are you doing? How are we doing? What can we do to help?   One of the questions I asked once while visiting a large auto  dealership was, how are you doing?   He said: Well, you know, we sell plenty of vehicles, but we have a  hard time attracting and getting people to work as technicians to  maintain the vehicles we sell.   I said: Maybe you need to pay them more money.   He said: No, we start people at about $50,000 and pay them up to  $80,000, $90,000 a year.   I said: You are still having a hard time attracting people?   He said: Yes, we are.   We worked with EDA to get a Federal grant to create a center for  automotive excellence in the middle of Delaware, in the Delmarva  Peninsula. They are working with Delaware Technical and Community  College, and a year from now they expect to open that Center for  Automotive Excellence and provide the workforce that is needed not just  in Delaware by our auto dealers but by companies that have large trucks  and similar kinds of employers throughout the Delmarva Peninsula, in  the Eastern Shore of Maryland, Virginia, and throughout the State of  Delaware. That is the kind of thing EDA can do to help.   We are excited about this prospect and looking forward to meeting our  workforce needs and grateful for the assistance of this Federal Agency,  which Dr. Fleming has been nominated to head. I hope he will have that  opportunity. We will vote in just a few minutes.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I am happy to yield back. I think we have 1\1/2\ minutes  left. I am happy to yield it back.   