 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the appropriations bill  that is now before the Senate. I would like, however, to defer to the  ranking minority member on the Senate Agriculture Appropriations  Subcommittee for his comments, and then I would reserve the rest of my  time.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Oregon for his  work and also express appreciation for the bipartisan approach to the  appropriations bill. This is regular order. This is how we are supposed  to do things.   It is not just the Ag appropriations bill, it is the other bills we  have included in this package that includes Commerce-Justice-Science,  T-HUD, as well as our Ag appropriations bill and Interior.   This is the work of the Senate. This is regular order. This is how it  should be done. So I am appreciative of the bipartisan approach taken  not only on our bill but on these other bills and the fact that we now  have them on the floor. I hope it continues in terms of regular order  and bipartisanship that enables us to advance these bills in regular  order.   Then we have the other appropriations bills as well. We moved all 12  of these bills through our full Appropriations Committee in a  bipartisan way. Now we need to do the same thing on the floor and then  go to conference with the House to get this done. We have a continuing  resolution in place until November 21, so it is imperative that we  continue this work and that we do it in this way.   I am pleased to introduce the 2020 appropriations bill for  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies. This legislation passed out of our Appropriations  Committee, as I said, in the case of this appropriations bill, with  unanimous support out of the full Appropriations Committee.   I am pleased to bring it to the floor. The other bills we have  included now in this package had broad-based bipartisan support as  well, as the Presiding Officer knows being a member of the full  committee.   I am pleased to join my colleagues on the Subcommittees on Interior;  Transportation, Housing and Urban Development; Commerce, Justice and  Science. For now, my comments will be focused on our bill specifically,  the Ag appropriations bill.   Right now, farmers across this country are really up against it, no  question about it. Whether you are from North Dakota, Oklahoma, points  in between--east or west or north or south--our farmers are really up  against it. In North Dakota, we have had unbelievable flooding. From  snowstorms to rainstorms--but pretty much nonstop rain and other  challenges that have left our fields swamped.   We have a great diversity of crops, most of which have not been  harvested because we can't get farm equipment out in the field in order  to conduct that harvest.   Earlier this year in May, we worked to advance supplementals to  address the hurricanes--the other wildfires we had out in California,  the hurricanes that hit the Southeast, and other weather disasters. So  in that supplemental package we passed back in May, we included  assistance that we call WHIP+ for the Midwest farm country,  anticipating not only that we needed to address the flooding and  problems that occurred this spring but if there were additional  flooding coming. Of course, that is exactly what happened. So we worked  to ensure that there is disaster assistance legislation passed that  will help.   Now we need to advance this appropriations bill to make sure we  continue to support our folks not only due to the challenges they face  because of weather issues but also low commodity  [[Page S6066]]  prices and the real challenges we face due to trade right now. We need  to keep advancing on all these fronts. Of course, this legislation is  an important part of that.   It includes support for our producers, funding for ag research,  housing and business loan programs for rural America, domestic and  international nutrition programs, and food safety and drug safety  because we also fund the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, as part  of this bill.   Again, these are very important priorities for this body that we need  to take up and pass. The subcommittee has made difficult decisions in  drafting the bill, and I am proud of the work that has been done to  this point.   It is written to our allocation of $23.1 billion, which is $58  million above the current enacted level. We worked hard to invest  taxpayer dollars responsibly, funding programs to provide assistance to  our farmers in rural communities and supporting programs that provide  vital direct health and safety benefits and safeguards for all  Americans not only through the USDA but, as I said, the Food and Drug  Administration.   Agriculture supports more than 16 million jobs nationwide and forms  the backbone of our rural communities. Our farmers are the best in the  world, and what they do benefits every single American every single  day. We have the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the  history of the world, produced by our farmers and ranchers. It benefits  every single American every single day. So we are talking about good  farm policy and good ag policy. We are talking about something that  benefits every single American every single day.   Again, I thank Senator Merkley for the bipartisan working  relationship we have had on our committee. I think this bill reflects a  well-balanced compromise on a lot of the issues we had, not only among  the members but on both sides of the aisle, and I hope my colleagues  will join me in passing this important legislation.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise to support the USMCA--the United  States-Mexico-Canada Agreement--along with my colleagues. You heard a  number of them already. You will hear more. It is compelling.   It is time to act. We are ready to go. This legislation has to start  in the House under fast track. We need the House to move forward. There  is no question that the bipartisan support is there. Bipartisan support  is here in the Senate, and bipartisan support is there in the House as  well. It is just a matter of bringing the legislation to the floor and  getting it passed.   The benefits of this agreement are very clear. It will increase  exports, expand consumer choice, raise wages, and boost innovation  throughout North America and especially here in the United States. An  analysis by the U.S. National Trade Commission found that USMCA will  raise GDP by nearly $63 billion and create 176,000 jobs in the United  States. It is clear that we need to move forward.   The agreement will secure and expand market access for our ag  products for an ag State like mine. It will grow our manufacturing base  for manufacturing States like Ohio, whose good Senator is here to my  right. It will provide important modernizations for our technology  sector for States like the Presiding Officer's State. It is certainly a  high-tech State.   It will solidify the United States as the global energy leader. We  are now, as you know, exporting energy in a bigger way than we ever  have before. This just builds on that momentum. These are all  significant wins for our States individually and for this country as a  whole.   As I said, ag is certainly a big issue for us in North Dakota. The  USMCA really makes an important difference and a helpful difference for  us in agriculture. For the last 50 years, our country has had a trade  surplus. Our farmers and ranchers can outcompete anyone in the world.  They produce the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world,  and we have a positive balance of trade in agriculture. We need these  types of trade agreements in place to continue that positive balance in  our agriculture trade. In my State, for example, we shipped $4.5  billion of agriculture products around the globe in 2017, making us the  ninth largest exporter of agriculture goods among the 50 States. Our  farmers and ranchers depend on being able to do that. What we are  seeing right now are low commodity prices in our country, which is  making it very difficult for our farmers and ranchers. The best way to  work out of that is with trade agreements that allow us to sell more  globally.   According to the ITC, when fully implemented, USMCA will increase  food and exports to Canada and Mexico by $2.2 billion. This agreement  secures existing market access, makes ag trade fair, increases access  to the Canadian market, supports innovation in agriculture and more,  which is why it is so critical that we pass this legislation as soon as  we can.   By maintaining all zero-tariff provisions on ag products, USMCA will  secure crucial market access in Canada and Mexico for our farmers and  ranchers. Canada and Mexico are critical markets for U.S. ag products.  To give you some examples, Mexico is the No. 1 buyer of U.S. corn and  DDGS, distillers dried grains with solubles; and Canada is the No. 2  buyer of U.S. ethanol. Additionally, Mexico is the No. 2 buyer of U.S.  soybean meal, oil, and whole beans. Canada is the No. 4 buyer of  soybean meal and the No. 7 buyer of soybean oil.   Again, you are talking about two very large markets for ag products,  for manufacturing products, and for technology--two incredibly  important partners. I can go on.   Again, I want to be respectful of my colleagues on the floor. This is  one of those cases where it is clear. This is absolutely beneficial to  our country. The point is, it is a bipartisan issue. I think, whether  you talk to Members of the Senate or to Members of the House, they will  tell you this is a bipartisan issue. This is a trade agreement that is  good for our country and good for two very strong allies and neighbors.  Obviously, Canada and Mexico are two very large trading partners.   We have been on the floor before asking for the House to advance this  legislation. If we could start the legislation here, we would. We would  pass it right now, and we would pass it with a bipartisan vote, but it  requires the House to get started. I hope that all of our colleagues  will visit with their counterparts from their respective States in the  House and urge that this bill be brought to the floor, passed in the  House, and delivered to the Senate so we can pass it for the President  to sign and put it into effect for Americans across this great country.   I yield the floor.   