 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of Amendment No. 439  which is based upon legislation that I have introduced every Congress  since I was elected in 2012, the ``Restore Honor to Service Members  Act''.   This amendment will require the Department of Defense to correct the  military records of service members discharged solely because of their  sexual orientation. Importantly, amending service members' discharge  characterizations to an honorable discharge will enable impacted  individuals to access the benefits they earned and to which they would  otherwise be entitled. It is a significant moment for the more than  100,000 Americans estimated to have been discharged from the military  since World War II due to their sexual orientation.   I thank Chairman Smith for his strong support of this amendment, Paul  Arcangeli--Staff Director of the House Armed Services Committee--for  his assistance, and Leslie Zelenko of my staff who has worked  tirelessly to ensure the success of the amendment before us today.   Additionally, I would like to extend my deep gratitude to the Human  Rights Campaign, the Modem Military Association of America, and  VoteVets, for supporting this amendment, and Representatives Katie  Hill, Chris Pappas, Mark Takano, Seth Moulton, Jamie Raskin, Chuy  Garcia, Alan Lowenthal, Barbara Lee, Bill Foster, Bonnie Watson  Coleman, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Sean Patrick Maloney, Brian Higgins, Ed  Case, Paul Tonko, Denny Heck, Jan Schakowsky, Veronica Escobar, Robin  Kelly, Julia Brownley, Kurt Schrader, Steve Cohen, Ilhan Omar, Sheila  Jackson Lee, Suzan DelBene, Anthony Brown, Joe Kennedy, Donna Shalala,  Suzanne Bonamici, and Katie Porter for cosponsoring. I would also like  to recognize Senator Brian Schatz and Senator  Kirsten Gillibrand for  championing this legislation in the Senate. Without this outpouring of  support, today would not have been possible. Again, I thank them.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support the Restore Honor  amendment, and I urge a yes vote in favor of the en bloc amendment into  which it has been packaged.   