 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I am so glad to be out here today to deal  with the issue of reducing prices on drugs for seniors and others.  There are so many things we must do. Some are small. Some are large. We  want to do all of them.   We Democrats know how bad drug prices are for seniors. We know how  bad the sabotage of our healthcare system is for seniors. If you don't  have insurance, you probably can't pay for the drugs no matter what  happens.   I would say to my good friend the Senator from Texas that we have a  whole lot of legislative ideas, not just his. He demands his. It is  good, but it is hardly large. There are millions and millions who need  help who are not affected. The Senators from Illinois and Iowa have a  bill to lower prescription drug costs. The HELP Committee has a bill  that would help community health centers. The Senate Finance Committee  has a good bipartisan bill to lower costs for seniors who are very  [[Page S6523]]  strong supporters of allowing Medicare to negotiate prices. That would  do more than anything else.   I ask my friend from Texas, Will he get his leader and himself to  allow us to bring an amendment to a bill on the floor that protects  seniors who have preexisting conditions from their insurance companies  withdrawing from them? Will he let us do that? That is far more  consequential than his well-intended good but not largely effective  bill. The No. 1 thing--ask AARP--the No. 1 thing that will protect  senior citizens and others from high drug prices is to allow Medicare  to negotiate with them, something the Senator has blocked repeatedly.  Will he change his position?   Let's not have this charade, this manipulative charade, where my dear  friend from Texas comes to the floor with a bill he proposes but blocks  everything and his party blocks everything that would have a far larger  consequence.   No. 1, allow Medicare to negotiate. Every Member of our caucus is for  that. It will lower drug prices dramatically. No. 2, stop the  administration--the administration the Senator from Texas supports 95  percent of the time--even my microphone is excited about these remarks.  I, once again, thank our capable staff who always come to the rescue.   We need Senator Cornyn to come to the rescue of senior citizens and  not play a little game like this. Again, preexisting conditions are  probably the No. 1 bane of people. We want to bring an amendment to the  floor to protect those people--a mom whose daughter has cancer, and the  drug company says, ``You're off,'' and the insurance company says,  ``You're gone.'' Isn't that important? Let's not make a comparison, but  wouldn't it do far more for the health of the American middle class and  working people than this bill? Let's do them both, but we are not going  to cherry-pick one unless the Senator from Texas walks across the aisle  and joins us in saying: I want to help you get a vote on eliminating  preexisting condition prohibitions. I want to join you in seeing that  Medicare can negotiate with the drug companies and greatly lower  prices.   So, of course, I object. We Democrats believe we should bring a bill  to the floor that has a debate and allows amendments because there is  so much to be done here--not one small, decently put together and  decently intended proposal but many more. We know, if we allow our  Republican friends to just pass their little bills, we will never get  the big picture done. That is how this place works. So let's come  together and do it all.   I object.    Would the gentleman yield for a question?    Thank you.    Will the Senator yield for a correction?    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Would the Senator support a unanimous consent request so  that we could protect people with preexisting conditions, and would he  support bringing that to the floor in the same way?    Will the Senator support a proposal that is coming out  of the House to allow Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies to  greatly lower prices?    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for his answers.   I would say this: Let him use his power and position as leader to go  to the majority leader, who has prevented any debate on anything on  drugs to come to the floor, including these two most significant issues  that I have talked about. Let us put a package together of all three  and have a debate on each, a ``yes'' or ``no'' vote on each, and really  make progress for those who are paying too much in drug prices. I await  his working with me on that. Then we could bring all three bills to the  floor.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for the interchange,  and it will continue. We Democrats will not rest until we get votes,  simple votes--not bring the house down--on issues of great consequence  with regard to drug prices and the American people while the other side  blocks them.   