 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it seems a bit surreal but necessary,  nonetheless, to come here to the Senate floor to talk about the perils  of socialism and its sudden resurgence within the Democratic Party.   We have seen our Democratic friends push for policies like Medicare  for All, which would completely wreck the system that provides  healthcare for our seniors and force all Americans onto the same plan,  regardless of the fact that they never paid anything into it, like our  seniors have, and regardless of the fact that they may indeed like  their private health insurance that they get from their employers.   Do you remember when the Obama administration promised in 2013, ``If  you like your plan, you can keep it''? Well, I don't really think they  meant it, but that is at least what they said. Democrats have gotten so  much more radical today that their motto should be, ``If you like your  plan, you can't keep it under Medicare for All.''   They have also promised things like free college--and, believe me,  ``free'' is popular, especially if you don't think you are ever going  to have to end up paying for it--promising anyone and everyone that  they can go to college for free.  [[Page S3021]]    Now, there are some smart things we can do to help prepare high  school students and college students to hold down their debt and to  make sure that they get the sort of advice and counseling they need to  make sure they are studying something that is going to be able to  provide them an income with which they can repay the loans that they  take out, and there is some work we need to do in that area.   Across Texas, I have had a chance recently to go to a number of  middle schools and high schools, and in Texas--and I am sure we are not  alone--there are many high schools where students can get dual credit,  college and high school credit, and some of them graduate from high  school with essentially 2 years of college behind them, and it costs  them nothing. It is free. I guess that is free. Actually, it is not  free, either, but they don't have to pay anything more for it, and  their parents don't have to pay anything more for their property or  sales tax for it.   So that is a smarter way to approach this, rather than this radical  idea that things like college can somehow be free, knowing that,  actually, there will be somebody that pays for it, whether it is our  children, when they grow up and they have to pay back the money that we  have recklessly borrowed in our deficits and debt, or by raising taxes,  and you can't raise taxes enough on the rich people in order to pay for  this. So, inevitably, that burden will fall on the middle class.   To put the icing on the cake on these radical policies, you have to  look at this Green New Deal proposal that the Democrats have rolled out  and really call this the icing on the cake in their socialist  proposals.   They want to take over the entire energy sector of the economy, and  they want to regulate it, and they want to tax it in such a way as to  promise somehow something that is never going to be realized.   For example, they say they want to achieve net zero emissions in 10  years. Well, Texas, Oklahoma, and other States generate a lot of  electricity from renewable sources, particularly wind-generated energy,  but there is no way in the world you are going to be able to eliminate  things like natural gas and other sources of energy because the wind  doesn't always blow and the Sun doesn't always shine. So you are going  to need something to provide the baseload when the wind is not blowing  and the Sun is not shining. This pie-in-the-sky idea of net zero  emissions in 10 years by going entirely to renewables is simply  fantasy.   They also want to overhaul our transportation system. They want to  rebuild and retrofit every single building in the country, but they  offer no real details, and, in fact, I think there is a reason for  that, because they don't even talk about the details of what needs to  be accomplished or the cost there would be associated with trying to  accomplish it.   The only estimate I have seen is a $93 trillion price tag, but that  is an important piece of information that you would think the public  would have a right to know, and that is not something the advocates of  the Green New Deal have been particularly proud of.   Even if this is something a majority of Americans want, we don't  currently have the technology or the resources to make it happen. Our  Democratic friends know that. So they are, in essence, making a promise  for something that they can't deliver because of the price and because  the technology has not yet been invented.   So what was really bizarre here on the Senate floor was that when the  majority leader provided our Democratic colleagues a chance to vote on  this resolution on the Senate floor, not a single Democratic colleague  voted for it. They voted ``present.''   Well, that is a new one on me. I thought when we came here to the  Senate, our job was to represent our constituents and vote yes or no on  legislation. To show up and vote ``present'' seems to me like an  abdication of that responsibility, but it also is some evidence of how  really cynical and insincere this proposal really is.   That is not to say that it isn't popular when you start offering free  things and you start promising things that are unaffordable or  unattainable.   Instead of talking about these policies that are unwanted,  unachievable, and unaffordable, let's talk about some real solutions. I  think that is the responsibility of people like me who say the Green  New Deal will not cut it, to which people might ask: Well, what are  your suggestions? And I think that is an important and fair question.   No matter what your perspective on energy issues and the environment,  I think every single one of us can agree on at least one point: We need  smart energy policies that will strengthen our economy without  bankrupting American families.   I would just note, parenthetically, that we have actually made some  pretty good progress when it comes to emissions control. Between 1970  and 2017, combined U.S. emissions of six criteria air pollutants have  gone down 73 percent. During that same period of time, the American  economy grew by 262 percent, the number of vehicle miles traveled grew  189 percent, and our population grew 59 percent. We were able to reduce  pollutants by 73 percent at a time when the population was growing,  people were driving more, and our economy was growing.   More recently, between 1990 and 2017, the United States reduced  sulfur dioxide concentrations by 88 percent, lead by 80 percent,  nitrogen dioxide by 50 percent, particulate matter by 40 percent,  ground-level ozone by 22 percent, and carbon monoxide by 77 percent.   From 2005 to 2017, carbon dioxide emissions declined nearly 15  percent in the United States. During that same period of time--and this  is a fair comparison--China's annual carbon dioxide emissions have  increased roughly by double--twice what they were during the same time  period.   So I would say that we can blame America first for all sorts of  problems. I don't think that is fair, nor is it accurate, and,  particularly, when you start talking about the environment and  controlling ozone-depleting CO2 emissions. I think there is  a better way to approach it, and we need to start with the facts.   I think the facts are that we need to form partnerships to leverage  the capabilities of the private sector and achieve cost-effective  solutions. None of the people advocating the Green New Deal can really  tell you how much you would be paying for electricity if we were able  to implement the Green New Deal, how much you would have to pay for  your transportation costs, or how much you would have to pay to heat or  cool your house. We need policies that make sense, that are affordable  and achievable, and that will actually bring down the cost of each of  those items for the American people.   The solution isn't a $100 trillion Green New Deal; it is good old- fashioned, all-American innovation. By incentivizing research into the  development of new technologies, we can keep costs low for taxpayers,  while securing our place as a global leader in energy innovation. One  great example of the type of solution I am suggesting you could learn  about by taking a trip to the NET Power plant in La Porte, TX, right  outside of Houston, which I did recently. NET Power has developed a  first-of-its-kind power system that generates affordable, zero- emissions electricity using their unique carbon capture technology.  They have taken natural gas--one of the most prevalent and affordable  energy sources that there is--and they have made it emission-free. This  is a shining example of the environmentally and fiscally responsible  policies we should be advocating and supporting.   Last year, renewables accounted for only 17 percent of our total  energy sources. That includes hydropower, wind, solar, biomass, and  various other sources. Seventeen percent. Natural gas already accounts  for more than double that. So if we could take this incredibly common  and affordable energy source and make it more environmentally friendly,  why wouldn't we do that? Why wouldn't that be a more sensible, fiscally  responsible way of addressing this?   These policies are important for conservation but also for securing  our competitiveness on the world stage. If American companies don't  produce these technologies first, well, you bet somebody else will.   The heavyhanded government approaches we are seeing from our  Democratic colleagues are not the answer. Instead, we have to harness  the power of the private sector and build partnerships to drive real  solutions.  [[Page S3022]]    Yes, we need to invest in innovative solutions and encourage the  private sector to continue prioritizing reliable, affordable, and  environmentally sound energy sources.   When you implement government policies that get government out of the  way and let the experts do their jobs, you can be pro-energy, pro- innovation, pro-growth, and pro-environment. I will soon be introducing  some legislation that I think will help us move down that road. We know  the United States leads the world in emissions reduction, and this bill  will build on that success without a one-size-fits-all mandate that  would bankrupt our country.   