 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1595, the SAFE Banking Act.   Before I do that, I want to acknowledge the leadership of this man  for a very long period of time. The only reason we are standing here  tonight about to vote on this is because of the tireless and brilliant  leadership by the gentleman from Colorado. I thank him for it. It has  been an incredible journey over a long period of time. I thank the  chair of the committee as well for her strong and clear leadership on  this. Lastly, I would like to thank the two gentlemen from Ohio, Mr.  Stivers and Mr. Davidson, who are not just allies, they are friends and  have done excellent work in this regard.   This is a public safety bill pure and simple. If you want your  neighborhoods to be safer, Mr. Speaker, vote ``yes.'' If you want your  communities to be safer, vote ``yes.'' If you want the employees at the  dispensaries throughout the 47 States who have some form of legalized  cannabis, vote ``yes.''   This is a public safety bill, and it is not hypothetical. It is real.  Exhibit A, Travis Mason. June 18 of 2016, Travis Mason got up and went  to work. He was full of optimism about life. He was a marine veteran.  He served this country honorably. He was looking forward to his future,  because he just had been informed that he was approved to take the  Denver Police Department test. He was confident he would pass it. He  had been studying for it.   So he kissed his lovely wife, Samantha, good-bye. They were both  marine veterans, both just 24 with three small children. He kissed  Aidyn and Daisy--they were twins--and little baby Julian good-bye and  went to work where he served as a security guard in a dispensary in  suburban Denver.   Because that was an all-cash settlement, because the Federal law did  not allow for that business to be banked, to be within the guardrails  of the financial system, an evil person walked in that night and shot  Travis dead and left Samantha a 24-year-old widow with three small  children. This was so unnecessary. If we pass this legislation that  does not have to happen. This is not hypothetical.   You can be agnostic on the underlying policy of whether or not  cannabis should be legal for either adult recreational use or to treat  seizures for juvenile epileptics, but you cannot be agnostic on the  need to improve safety in this area.   If you believe that the first two provisions, especially, of the Cole  memorandum, which sets forth: Keep marijuana out of the hands of  children and keep cash out of the hands of the cartels, if you support  that, you must vote ``yes'' on this bill so that we can track this and  so that we can monitor this.   If we do nothing, bad things will again happen. If we pass this law,  if we pass the SAFE Banking Act, the public safety measure, then we can  avoid another widow, Samantha, and another murdered clerk at a  dispensary. We can make our neighborhood safer, and we can make our  communities safer. Please join us in voting ``yes'' on H.R. 1595.   