 Madam Speaker, I oppose the Articles of Impeachment, and  I include my statement in the Record.   Madam Speaker, as the Democrats continue suppressing Republicans'  right to speak out against the ridiculous impeachment inquiry, I was  unable to provide remarks during the debate in the House on the two  articles of impeachment today. I now ask my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle why they chose to silence not only members of  Congress but also our constituents. The responsibility of impeachment  is not one I take lightly. I am disappointed the Democrats continued  ramming this baseless impeachment through the House without hearing  from every single member of Congress. Had I been provided the  opportunity to speak before the House, I would have shared the  following thoughts.   I rise with a heavy heart for our nation today.   Later this evening, House Democrats will force a vote on the weakest  articles of impeachment this legislative body has ever seen in an  attempt to overturn the fair and lawful election of Donald Trump.   Since the day President Trump was inaugurated, Democrats have made it  their sole purpose to impeach this man, but for what? No facts have  been presented to substantiate a single allegation made by the liberal  majority.   Simply put Mr. Speaker, the Democrats in Congress do not care about  free and fair elections. They do not care about the will of the  American people. They care about obstructing the work of a great  American president with whom they disagree.   The articles of impeachment before the House today, fall  significantly short of an impeachable offense. This vote sets a  horrible precedent that any majority can undo an election based on  personality conflicts and policy disagreements.   The Democrats have entirely disregarded process and procedure by  blatantly ignoring the notion that all are innocent until proven  guilty--the president is not guilty of obstruction of Congress, and he  is not guilty of an abuse of power.   The president making efforts to curb corruption in a country well  known for corruption is not quid pro quo; it is good governance by a  chief executive dedicated to doing right by the people of this country.   Make no mistake about it, when the work of this House is done, and  the Senate votes to dismiss these charges, the other party will  continue to obstruct and slander the president at every turn.   My constituents and I agree that the president is changing the face  of America for the better. While some on the other side may not like  his straight-forward manner, it is hard to argue that our country is  not better because of him.   The Democrats have forgone due process in an attempt to fulfill their  electoral shortcomings.   When my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to find  reasons why they lost in 2016, they should not look beyond the confines  of their own caucus.  [[Page H12188]]    I encourage my colleagues to give up this charade, get back to  leading, and move past personal vendettas against a duly elected  president.   The majority party could take some lessons from our president. Let's  put Americans first and get back to taking care of our country.   