 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 583, the Preventing  Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act, the PIRATE Act, introduced  by my friends Mr. Tonko and Mr. Bilirakis.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Tonko and Mr. Bilirakis for their bipartisan  efforts to combat illegal pirate radio operations.   This bill gives the Federal Communications Commission, along with  State and local law enforcement, more tools to go after pirate radio  operators. Without the ability to effectively go after illegal  transmitters, the FCC and other entities cannot protect the over 240  million Americans who rely on radio broadcasting for vital news and  entertainment.   Furthermore, stopping bad actors from pirating our airwaves improves  public safety by preventing unlawful broadcasts from interfering with  first responders' lifesaving communications and public safety  officials' transmission of critical information in an emergency.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the PIRATE Act, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, again, for all the reasons that I have stated  here today on the PIRATE Act, I believe that this bill is essential to  pass today, and I ask the House to pass H.R. 583.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support of H.R. 501,  the Poison Center Network Enhancement Act of 2019, introduced by  Representatives Brooks and Engel.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my Committee on Energy and Commerce colleagues  for their bipartisan work on this important initiative.   This legislation will reauthorize the national toll-free number,  public awareness campaign, and grant program that supports the Nation's  55 poison centers.   These centers are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to provide  free and confidential assistance with emergencies and other information  to help prevent poisoning. As of January 2019, poison control centers  have managed over 4,000 opioid exposure cases alone.   At a time when our Nation is still fighting to overcome an opioid  crisis, these centers are on the front lines, helping to save  individuals who overdose. Furthermore, these centers collect real-time  data, enhancing public health surveillance and aiding in the detection  of public health emergencies.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 525, the Strengthening the  Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2019, introduced by the  Energy and Commerce Committee Republican Leader Walden and Chairman  Pallone.   This legislation will codify the Healthcare Fraud Prevention  Partnership, which is currently operated by the Centers for Medicare  and Medicaid Services and is a voluntary public-private partnership  between the Federal Government, State agencies, law enforcement,  private health insurance plans, and healthcare antifraud associations.   The partnership was established by the Obama administration and the  Trump administration recommended codifying it, solidifying the  bipartisan nature of revealing and halting scams that cut across public  and private payers.   H.R. 525 will ensure the continued operation of this important  partnership to detect and prevent healthcare fraud through public- private information sharing, streamlining analytical tools and data,  and providing a forum for government and industry experts to exchange  successful antifraud practices.   This bill before us today is the product of bipartisan cooperation,  as well as engagement with the Department of Health and Human Services  and industry stakeholders.   Originally introduced in the 115th Congress, this legislation worked  its way through the Committee on Energy and Commerce in a transparent  manner and currently enjoys the support of the chairmen and republican  leaders of both the Committee of Energy and Commerce and the Committee  on Ways and Means.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   