 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member from Texas  for yielding and the chairwoman from New York.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be speaking here today as the newly  appointed ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related  Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. I am honored to be paired with  the newly appointed chair of the subcommittee, my friend and fellow  Great Lakes advocate, Congresswoman Betty McCollum from Minnesota. I am  thrilled to be working with her in this capacity, and I look forward to  many years of bipartisanship and collaboration on behalf of our  constituents, our States, and our country.   The Interior division of the omnibus bill before us today was  negotiated in good faith by both House Republicans and House Democrats.  It reflects bipartisan priorities and represents many months of hard  work by the House Appropriations Committee.   I am pleased that the bill includes $3.9 billion for the Department  of the Interior and the United States Forest Service to fight  devastating wildfires; $9 billion to increase the Federal commitment to  our treaty and trust agreements with American Indians and Alaska  Natives; over $3\1/2\ billion to improve our Nation's aging water  infrastructure and improve public health; and $1.9 billion to reduce  maintenance backlogs in our Nation's parks, trails, and wildlife  refuges.   However, the Interior piece of this bill was negotiated as part of a  comprehensive package funding numerous critical government functions,  including securing our Nation's southern border. House Republicans  conditionally agreed to drop several high priority provisions in the  Interior bill in exchange for other priorities in this comprehensive  package, including strengthened border security.   We were so close to finishing that package last year before the  holidays, which would have fully funded our government, addressed the  crisis at our southern border, and ensured all our Nation's Federal  workers would continue receiving their paychecks, but, sadly, that is  when the negotiations on border security broke down, and, shortly,  thereafter, the government shut down.   There is an old saying in negotiating that nothing is agreed to until  everything is agreed to. And since a compromise has not been found on  border security, this Interior bill and the other bills before us today  are not a true conference agreement. To suggest otherwise would be to  mislead the public in an attempt to gain political high ground on an  issue that most of our constituents expect us to instead find common  ground.    We all agree that strengthening our borders is necessary, not only  for our Nation, but also for the welfare of those willing to risk  everything to enter this country illegally in pursuit of a better life.  Let us be willing to risk the criticism that too often gets in the way  of compromise. Let us have the courage to meet each other in the  middle.   Our constituents have been counting on us to reach agreement on  border security and immigration policy since long before this  government shutdown even started. So let's stop using the shutdown as  an excuse to avoid a negotiation because no one wins in a shutdown and  no one wins if the border isn't secure.   I am willing to work with any and all of my House colleagues to break  this impasse as quickly as possible. Until then, I must oppose this  unfinished package before us today, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   