 Mr. President, today I rise in defense of net neutrality.  This week marks the 2-year anniversary of the Trump FCC's wrongheaded  decision to repeal net neutrality.   First, let's be clear about what we are discussing today. Net  neutrality is just another way of saying nondiscrimination. That is  what it is all about. It is just another way of saying that big  companies online can't discriminate against individual consumers; that  large companies can't discriminate against smaller companies and  startups; that corporations can't stifle speech online; that once you  pay your monthly internet service bill, you can go anywhere you want on  the internet without Charter or Comcast or AT&T or Verizon slowing down  or blocking your path to a website of your choosing.   Despite all this, 2 years ago this week, the Trump Federal  Communications Commission voted to throw out net neutrality at the  behest of the broadband barons. Since then, we have watched as  countless citizens, companies, and activists have continued to stand up  and demand that net neutrality be restored.   This spring, the House of Representatives took an important step in  passing the Save the Internet Act. My legislation in the Senate would  overturn the Trump administration FCC's decision and restore net  neutrality protections. In the Senate, we have already successfully  passed the same proposal on a bipartisan basis.   In April of 2018, my Congressional Review Act resolution passed in  the Senate by a bipartisan vote of 52 to 47. We debated net neutrality,  and the Senate decided to join the majority of Americans and support a  free and open internet. In that vote, we sent a message to President  Trump about what it means to have an internet free of corporate control  and open to all who want to communicate, engage, and innovate. We made  clear that this Congress won't fall for President Trump's special  interest agenda that just wants to block, slow down, or discriminate  against content online just to charge Americans more on their cable and  internet bills.   Unfortunately, the rules for a Congressional Review Act that allow  just 30 Senators to force the majority to schedule a vote is not an  option in this Congress because the right to bring a Congressional  Review Act resolution to the floor has a time limit on it, which has  now expired. So, instead, today we once again call for an immediate  vote on the Save the Internet Act.   Already, in June, our Republican colleagues failed to listen to the  voices of their constituents and blocked a vote from happening. Sadly,  the Republicans plan to stonewall us again and to block this vote. This  is yet another example of the Republican Party refusing to side with  the ordinary people in our country--families, small businesses,  startups, entrepreneurs, anyone with an idea who needs the internet to  get it off the ground.   Under Senator McConnell's leadership, the Republicans have buried  this bill in their legislative graveyard. Instead of passing  legislation, instead of acting on legislation which already passed in  the Senate in 2018 and which passed the House of Representatives this  April, Leader McConnell has done little but confirm unqualified,  extreme-right nominees for the Trump administration.   Just listen to some of the bills that Senate Republicans refuse to  act on that have already moved through the House of Representatives  this year: the Violence Against Women's Act, voting and democracy  reform, gun background checks, paycheck fairness, and the Paris climate  agreement. The answer from the Republican leadership is no, no, no, no.  That is what continues to happen. Net neutrality is part of that chorus  of ``noes'' that the Republicans aim at legislation the American people  want and need to have passed here in the Senate.   But the Senate majority leader and his Republican colleagues can keep  populating the legislative graveyard at their political peril because  this is the agenda the American people want to see the Senate debating.  They want to see these laws put on the books to protect families in  this country. The issues they are blocking are enormously popular, and  most have bipartisan support. Net neutrality is one of those issues.   The Save the Internet Act--the bill we are debating today--does  exactly what the American people want. It restores the rules that  ensure families aren't subjected to higher prices, slower internet  speeds, and even blocked websites because the big internet providers  want to pump up their profits. That is what today's fight is all about.  It is a fight for innovation; for entrepreneurialism; for the American  economy; a fight for free speech, which is the cornerstone of our  democracy; and a fight for the most powerful platform for commerce and  communications in the history of the planet.   Some will argue that since the Trump FCC ripped away the net  neutrality rules, everything has been just fine, but we are not falling  for that. As the legal challenges over this issue have taken place over  the last 2 years, internet providers have had every incentive to keep a  low profile, to keep things as they were. But ultimately, the question  before the Senate today is whether consumers trust their internet  companies to do the right thing without being told they have to. We  know that consumers rightfully don't trust the broadband barons.   It is time we do the right thing for the American people. We can  start with passing the Save the Internet Act and protecting the  internet as we know it. The American people want action now. The  Democrats are committed to fighting on their behalf. Net neutrality  just stands for nondiscrimination online. You can't be biased against a  smaller voice, a smaller company, a startup; it is not allowed. That is  what net neutrality says to all the big broadband giants--you cannot  discriminate. Net neutrality is something that is at the heart of what  the 21st century should stand for in this internet age.   I urge my colleagues to support this motion.   I yield to the great leader of the State of Washington, Senator  Cantwell.    Mr. President, I agree with every word Senator Wyden has  just spoken on the Senate floor, and I thank him for his leadership in  going back to 2006, which was when we first introduced into the U.S.  Congress legislation on net neutrality. We did it then because it was  important, and we are doing it today because it is critically  important.  [[Page S6918]]    The question is really whether the internet is going to be free and  open or whether it is going to have the principles of  nondiscrimination. Smaller voices, smaller companies, startup  companies, and individuals in our society must be protected on the  internet in the future. That is what net neutrality is all about.   We are on the right side of history on this issue. Every day that  goes by further instructs us as to how central the internet is in our  country and on the planet. Ultimately, it has to be open, and it has to  be free. It cannot have nondiscrimination built into it because a small  handful of huge companies decide they have a right to discriminate.   I thank the Senator from Oregon, and I thank our leader on the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Senator Cantwell of  Washington State, for their great leadership on this issue.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be  discharged from further consideration of S. 682; further, that the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration, the bill be considered  read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, what we just heard from the majority is,  in fact, a false narrative that contends that we have to choose between  broadband deployment and net neutrality, and if we don't put net  neutrality back on the books, there will be internet fast and slow  lanes. That is what is about to happen if we don't act out here on the  Senate floor. Innovation will be stifled, consumers will have to pay  higher prices, the internet will not be as we have known it in the  past.   So I absolutely feel that what just happened is a disservice to  consumers and innovators in our country; that they should be allowed to  have net neutrality as their protection, and I think, again, that we  are on the right side of history in propounding this legislation to be  brought out here, and, ultimately, today history was not served well.   I yield the floor.   