 Madam President, on November 3, 2018, this country lost a  true American hero: MAJ Brent Taylor of Ogden, UT, who gave the  ultimate sacrifice while deployed in Afghanistan.   As North Ogden's mayor, Major Taylor died as he lived: going above  and beyond the call of duty to his country, to his State, and his  family.   Major Taylor, who is pictured here with his family, began his  military service in 2003, following the attacks of September 11. He  joined the Army National Guard just 3 days after becoming engaged to  his wife Jennie.   During his time in the National Guard, Major Taylor distinguished  himself in multiple specialties, including intelligence and military  police. In 2006, he received a commission as a second lieutenant from  the Brigham Young University ROTC, while graduating as a member of the  National Society of Collegiate Scholars. Major Taylor was continuously  ready to take up the call to arms and deployed four times on missions  to Iraq and to Afghanistan. He held a variety of roles in those  deployments, including platoon leader, combat adviser, and chief of  staff to the Special Operations Advisory Group.   Throughout his distinguished tours of service, he also received  several awards for courage and for leadership, including a Bronze Star  in honor of his ability to calmly and safely lead those he was assigned  to lead through multiple miles of treacherous territory and a Purple  Heart for the wounds he received during an explosives attack on his  vehicle.   His love of his country and his State was also very evident, perhaps  most evident beyond the circumstance in which he wore the uniform.  Major Taylor gave his time and his energy to his community, serving  tirelessly as a member of the North Ogden City Council, from 2010 to  2013, and then as the mayor of North Ogden, after being elected to that  post in 2013. He was known for being a hands-on leader and someone who  was attentive to and constantly beloved by every member of his  community.   After being reelected as the mayor of North Ogden in 2017, Major  Taylor took a leave of absence from the mayor's office and headed back  to the battlefield, deploying once again to Afghanistan. When he  announced his leave of absence to the people of North Ogden, he told  them he felt called to serve his country and that ``service is what  leadership is all about.''   Major Taylor faithfully served his church and his family too. He had  a deep love of God and of his church. He was a devoted husband to  Jennie and a loving father to their seven children, pictured here:  Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline.   Following his tragic passing, in an attack on November 3 of this last  year, Major Abdul Rahmani, an Afghani pilot with whom Major Taylor  worked, sent a letter to Major Taylor's wife Jennie, describing the  great impact Major Taylor had on his life. He said: ``Your husband  taught me to love my wife [Hamida] as an equal and treat my children as  treasured gifts, to be a better father, to be a better husband, and to  be a better man.''   Further, he said: Major Taylor ``died on our soil, but he died for  the success of freedom and democracy in both our countries.''   In every aspect of his life, Major Taylor was a shining example of  patriotism, of sacrifice, and of service. It is only right that we  honor his extraordinary life. To that end, it would only be a fitting  tribute to rename the Ogden Veterans Center in Utah as the Major Brent  Taylor Vet Center Outstation.   Today Jennie Taylor is joining Congressman    Rob Bishop as his  honored guest for the State of the Union Address tonight, to honor  Major Taylor's life and to honor his great legacy--the legacy he leaves  behind to his family, to his community, and to all who knew him and  served with him. I urge my colleagues to pass legislation commemorating  that.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Veterans' Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 49 and  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   