 Mr. President, I rise today to give tribute to a great  American, a great Texan, and a 32-year veteran of this institution who  has dedicated her career to serving the needs of her fellow citizens.  Her name is Joyce Sibley.   She has led my team of caseworkers in Texas for the last 6 years, and  she is now retiring. Joyce started working in the U.S. Senate in 1971,  working for John Tower of Texas, answering the phones at his Austin  office.   Since then, Joyce has become a living legend among Texas caseworkers  because she simply doesn't take no for an answer, and she always goes  the extra mile and more to help someone in need. Indeed, her work has  extended so many extra miles beyond our State boundaries that it is  difficult to comprehend.   ``To move mountains'' is a figurative expression, but when I say  Joyce has moved battleships, I mean it literally. During the Albanian  civil war of 1997, Joyce got the 6th Fleet to come ashore and help  rescue nearly 100 Americans on a beach, including several Texans.   The office of my predecessor, Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, was in  communication with the Texans throughout that scary night in which the  American evacuees were huddled at the Port of Durres in Albania, having  been sent there by the U.S. embassy. The Albanian Task Force at the  State Department reported that everyone had been evacuated, but the  Americans still trapped there disagreed and started calling offices in  Houston and Austin.   Joyce and her team had to give up on the State Department's part and,  instead, they transferred a cell phone call from that beach in Albania  directly to a Pentagon duty officer who contacted the Texans and  connected them with the 6th Fleet. Together, they coordinated a Zodiac  evacuation in the early morning hours.   Joyce was instrumental in organizing their escape.   There was another occasion, when a soldier was wrongfully convicted  of counterfeiting in South Korea, after copying and printing Korean  currency in order to test the quality of his new printer. There was no  intent and no evidence of any attempt to distribute fake Korean  currency.   After being convicted and imprisoned for months, largely abandoned by  his command, the Texas office asked the  [[Page S247]]  Korean Government to take another look at the case, and the conviction  was reversed. The airman returned to serve with distinction in San  Antonio, thanks in part to the amazing casework skills of Joyce Sibley.   Likewise, when the earthquake hit Haiti, there were several Texans  buried in the rubble at one of the local hotels. Joyce and others  stayed in touch with the family members, set up regular briefings with  the State Department, and kept the family closely informed until all  were found and accounted for.   The Haitian Government even arrested a group of Texas missionaries  and charged them with kidnapping for providing relief and housing to  orphaned Haitian children. A few tense weeks followed, but they were  all freed once Joyce helped to turn up the heat.   There are too many stories to list about Joyce's helping families  with heartbreaking international adoption situations in Romania,  Russia, Haiti, China, Korea, Guatemala, and Ethiopia.   Here is one of my favorite stories. Last fall, a heart surgeon  contacted our office on a Thursday evening. He had been traveling out  of the country. When he was coming back to Houston, he realized he had  lost his passport. He was supposed to travel to Houston overnight and  go straight to the hospital to perform several surgeries. Joyce,  working with other members of our staff, was able to get a government  official to meet his plane to confirm his identity and to get him  through customs at 6 a.m. on Friday morning.   He called me when he was on the way to the hospital and said that  thanks to our office, thanks to Joyce, he was able to make it there on  time to perform lifesaving surgeries.   There are quite literally thousands of Texans whose lives have been  made better by Joyce's decision to stay in Texas and to devote her  professional time to helping families who needed help, often in times  of great stress. Dealing with the Federal Government, the often  maddening leviathan of Federal bureaucracy, Joyce was an expert at  getting that leviathan to move and helping Texans who were frustrated  and needed relief.   Whether it has been handling an international crisis or ensuring that  a veteran gets his or her paycheck, Joyce has been tireless on behalf  of Texans in need of help and guidance. The hallmark of a great  caseworker is knowing the system, having great contacts at the  multitude of Federal Agencies, and pushing back whenever she heard the  word ``no.'' Instead, she would ask, isn't there something else we  could do to help this soldier, to help this veteran, to help this  Texan? So many times, thinking of the ``something else we can do'' was  exactly what was needed.   Joyce has been an irreplaceable asset to the U.S. Senate and to the  people of Texas. The good news is that everyone who has worked with her  has her spirit in their blood now, has been trained directly, hands-on,  by Joyce. It is in their DNA now to go that extra mile and to try to  get to yes, no matter the obstacles, when they are looking out for and  fighting for Texans. That is her legacy--a team inspired by her  leadership. And I know that legacy will endure.   Joyce starts a new adventure at the end of this month as she begins  her well-earned retirement. My team will be a little bit poorer for  having lost her, but the Senate, the people of Texas, and thousands of  families she has assisted over the course of nearly five decades are  much richer for having had her on their team.   Thank you, Joyce, for your work, your passion, your patriotism, and  most of all, your shining heart. It has been a pleasure, an honor, and  a privilege to serve the people of Texas alongside you. God bless.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   