 Madam Speaker, I was proud to serve my country in uniform  in Afghanistan, and now I am proud to serve in this Congress. I am  proud to serve in a new and different way on what has historically been  the most bipartisan committee, the House Armed Services Committee.  Truth be told, I had expected that this committee above all other  committees would always work together in support of our national  security.   After all, for over 50 years this committee and this Congress have  risen above partisan politics and passed the National Defense  Authorization Act. Sadly, today it appears that tradition might come to  an end.   Madam Speaker, it doesn't have to be that way. This motion is an  opportunity for my friends on both sides of the aisle to rise above  petty partisan politics and do what the American people sent us here to  do: to support our troops and defend our homeland.   This year the NDAA has unfortunately become the Nondefense  Authorization Act and instead has been hijacked with a partisan  political agenda, unlike the last couple of years when we all actually  worked together to restore military readiness.   At a time when our enemies are challenging us on the world stage, we  simply cannot put our troops at risk and jeopardize our national  security, which is exactly what the underlying bill would do.   Let us show the American people the leadership they deserve. Let us  give our troops the raise they have earned. Let us restore readiness  and pass a worthy National Defense Authorization Act.   Madam Speaker, mark my words, this is the moment of truth for this  Congress. This is the single most defining moment of this Congress so  far. This motion is an opportunity to show the American people that we  can rise above petty partisan politics.   Will my colleagues on the other side of the aisle really vote against  a well-earned pay raise for our troops or for bolstering our readiness  accounts?   Madam Speaker, our soldiers, our sailors, our airmen, and our marines  deserve better. The American people deserve better.   