 Mr. President, while my friend and colleague from Alaska  is still on the floor, I want to thank him for his many years of  service as a marine.   I am here to talk about North Carolina and Military Appreciation  Month. We have a special relationship with members of the military and  their families in North Carolina. We have a million veterans in the  State. Literally hundreds of thousands of people serve in the military.   You may have heard of the Global Response Force. The Global Response  Force is out of Fort Bragg. When there is a crisis anywhere in the  world, whether it is a military conflict or a relief effort, it is the  82nd Airborne that goes out to the green ramp down in Fort Bragg, NC,  and goes wherever they need to go, sometimes with 48 hours' notice.   Just down the street from there, we have the marines at Camp Lejeune.  The marines who are based in Camp Lejeune and Cherry Point and New  River constitute about 45 percent of all the marines serving in the  Marine Corps.   We can go up to Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, and we have a proud  number of men and women in the Air Force who are part of a base that  will be the home to the new KC-46, a next-generation tanker.   To say we have a close bond with the military is an understatement.  We love them, and we love their families.   I chair the Personnel Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services  Committee, so I have an opportunity to have a direct role in showing  appreciation to not only the men and women who are serving in the  military but also their spouses. It is a tough job. They are serving  too.   As we think about Military Appreciation Month, let's make sure we  are, first and foremost, thinking about not only those brave men and  women who have sworn the oath to defend and protect our Nation but also  their families, who are an integral part of their being capable and  ready to do the job.   I also want to make sure we don't lose sight of the veteran  population--a  [[Page S2858]]  million of them in my State alone. One-tenth of our population are  veterans.   We should also talk about the National Guard and the reservists. If  you take a look at a State like North Carolina, we have had a number of  people in the National Guard who have been deployed multiple times to  Iraq and Afghanistan--some of the most dangerous places you could be.  They do it with courage, and they do it with honor. During Military  Appreciation Month, I think we should pay special attention to this  special group of people. I hope that every day of the year, each and  every one of you shows them the appreciation and the respect they  deserve.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   