 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Republican leader of the  Budget Committee for yielding. I also thank him for his work and his  desire to see a budget in this Congress.   I wish we had a budget in this Congress; then we would probably be in  a little stronger position. But we work in a government that is  designed to have compromise, a divided government.   What we are talking about today is a compromise. It is not perfect by  any means, but it secures important policy victories that no  conservative can, or should, dismiss.   Consider these priorities in the final deal:   The Hyde amendment, perhaps the most important Federal protection for  Americans' rights of conscience, cannot be attacked by Democrats'  poison pills for 2 years. That means taxpayer money will not be used to  fund abortions for the foreseeable future.   Likewise, the Trump administration's Protect Life rule, it will be  unimpeded by legislative antics. This vital rule stops organizations  like Planned Parenthood from using title X money as their personal  piggy bank.   And here we build on what we started in the last Congress, rebuilding  our military from the devastating cuts during sequestration. We watch a  world that is more dangerous.   I just read an article this week that, in the last 28 months, China  has visited more ports than in the last 28 years. I read another  article where China and Russia military planes entered South Korean  air, which they have never done before, where shots actually had to be  fired. You turn the news on, and you look at the Persian Gulf and where  Iran is going today.   To keep our men and women safe, you have got to make sure you have an  investment, and that is exactly what we do. We build on the victory  that we had before as we move forward.   We also make investments into the future. I am one who believes, and  I know our Republican leader of the Budget Committee believes, too,  that the greatest threat to America is the debt. That is why our budget  is so important.   I understand the majority party can choose whether they want to do a  budget or not. We chose to do budgets when we were in the majority. I  guess the decision is not this year, so we are ending up here in a  compromise.   Now, I had wished in this compromise--but we are sitting in the  minority, so, apparently, my vote does not count as much--we would want  to offset any of this spending, find the savings in the waste, fraud,  and abuse. It is not tough to find savings, so we offered more than  $500 billion in offsets.   Let that number sink in for one moment: $500 billion.   Now, these were not draconian offsets that would have hurt the  American public. I will give you one for an example.   We could have reduced fraud and refundable tax credits simply by  requiring a Social Security number on the application. That would save  $38 billion itself. That is all we requested.   Now, just two spending cut ideas alone would double the amount of  savings that we need. But, unfortunately, in a divided government, and  the other side is in the majority, they decided not. Their refusal to  discuss any long-term reforms to the programs that are actually driving  the debt causes problems.   Now, as the gentleman knows, who is the leading Republican of the  Budget Committee, when the Republicans took the majority in 2011 and we  had to hand the gavel back--discretionary spending is what this body  actually has the most control over, those 12 appropriations bills. When  I had to hand the gavel back to the current Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, we  were actually spending less than when she handed the gavel, in 2011, to  John Boehner. That is a record I am proud of.   But the real driver of our debt is something that, in our majority,  we tried to do something about. We passed it, but, unfortunately, it  failed in the Senate. We still have that same desire.   When we were in the majority, we passed a budget that actually  balanced. I know the first part was passing a budget. The law is  actually to balance what we put forth. We said to the American public  we were serious about this.   When I look today, this gives us stability for the next 2 years. This  helps build the military, and it gives the protections for those that  the Republicans would care most about that are sitting in law today.   So, no, it is not the bill I would write by myself--it is a  compromise as we move forward--but it actually allows this process to  work.   For too long, the American public has watched a continuing  resolution, after a shutdown, after a continuing resolution. One of the  biggest goals that we had being in the majority was actually to get the  appropriations process working again, and we did. We are proud of the  fact of moving that forward.   If I were to look at the appropriations process on the Democratic  side, what they started to write without having a budget first and  without having an agreement first, I knew those bills would never  become law. It was a lot of time wasted. But if I looked at those  bills, what passed on the floor, and look at what is in this compromise  deal, it is spending less money.   So did we succeed on turning it back some? Yes, we did, but not  enough.   Today is a movement forward, but we have much more work to do, and  given the opportunity, if our friend, who is the lead Republican of the  Budget Committee, became the chair, I know we would have a budget; I  know we would have an appropriations process; and I know that budget  would be balanced. But until that day comes, we will continue to watch  to make sure we spend less, we build our military, and we make tomorrow  better than today.   