 Madam Speaker, the moment our Founders  anticipated in establishing the power of impeachment has arrived.   The evidence is clear: President Trump abused his power by asking a  vulnerable foreign leader to investigate both his political rival and a  baseless Russian conspiracy theory, while withholding congressionally  appropriated defense aid and a coveted White House visit. He then  blocked congressional investigation into these abuses.   These abuses threaten the integrity of our elections, they corrupt  our diplomacy, and they undermine national security.   We sometimes regard constitutional checks and balances as the  indestructible underpinnings of our democracy. In fact, they're not  fixed. They're not indestructible. The President has demonstrated this  beyond all doubt.   It's up to the Congress, the first branch of government, to apply the  remedy that the Constitution prescribes, because the threats to our  democracy are real and present.   With this vote, we affirm that no one, including the President, is  above the law.   Madam Speaker, impeachment was designed by our framers as the  ultimate constitutional protection against presidential misconduct,  reserved, as North Carolina's James Iredell put it, for ``acts of great  injury to the community.'' The impeachable acts the framers envisioned  were not disputed policy positions, as disastrous as they might be, nor  flaws in character, as deep as those might be, but acts that threaten  the very foundation of the country and Constitution we vowed to  protect.   In this moment, the future of our democracy hangs in the balance.   The evidence is abundantly clear: President Donald Trump abused his  power by asking a vulnerable foreign leader both to investigate his  political rival and to validate a baseless conspiracy theory propagated  by Russia, while congressionally appropriated defense aid and a coveted  White House visit hung in the balance. He then blocked Congressional  investigations into his abuses.   These abuses threaten the integrity of our elections, corrupt our  diplomacy, and undermine our national security. Underlying it all is  the President's often-expressed conviction that his powers are  constitutionally unlimited.   We often regard constitutional ``checks and balances'' as  indestructible underpinnings of our democracy. In fact, they are  neither fixed nor unbreakable. President Trump has demonstrated this  beyond all doubt.   When constitutional boundaries are broken, it's we--living, breathing  people within our institutions who must rise to defend our democracy.  It is this accountability that prevents creeping authoritarianism and  protects our representative democracy, where no one, including the  President, is above the law.   It's up to the Congress, the first branch of government, to apply the  remedy that the Constitution prescribes, because the threats to our  democracy are real and present. The eyes of history are upon us.   