 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  rule.   Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, President Trump made it clear in a  letter that he will veto any piece of legislation that undermines or  nullifies any pro-life policy, regulation, or rule.   The bill facilitated by this rule reverses several life-affirming  pro-life policies, including conscience protection, Title X reform, the  protecting life in global health assistance, and more.   No one, Mr. Speaker--including doctors, nurses, and LPNs--and no  entity like a hospital or a health insurance plan should ever be  compelled against their will into performing, facilitating, or  subsidizing abortion.   First, the approps bill overturns the conscience protection final  rule, leaving many at risk of pressure, harassment and coercion.   Second, in late February, HHS promulgated the Protect Life Rule to  reassert portions of President Ronald Reagan's Title X rule, including  ending co-location of abortion clinics with family planning clinics  subsidized by Title X.   Third, H.R. 2740, the underlying bill, repeals and bans future  promulgation by any President of protecting life in global health  assistance, a significant reiteration and expansion of President  Reagan's Mexico City policy, a policy designed to ensure that U.S.  taxpayers are not funding foreign NGOs that perform or promote abortion  as a method of family planning.    Mr. Speaker, why is this so important? Because women and children,  both home and abroad, deserve better than the violence of abortion.   The humanity of the unborn child is beyond doubt, yet the pro- abortion movement, like some kind of modern-day flat Earth society,  continues to cling to outdated, indefensible arguments cloaked in  euphemism. Even the seemingly benign word ``choice'' withers under  scrutiny.   Choice to do what?   Dismember a baby?   Take pills to starve a child to death and then forcibly expel her or  him from the womb?   Inject chemical poisons that kill the baby?   At the end of this process, Mr. Speaker, important policies embedded  in the approps bill will be signed into law, but reversal of pro-life  policies will be vetoed. This legislation will be vetoed and the veto  will be sustained by this Congress.   