 Madam President, Sunday morning, I did what I think most  people in this Nation did if they were not in France. I turned on the  television to watch the women's national soccer team perform in an  incredible showing of talent and commitment on the soccer field. It was  an incredible victory for the women's national team, and we are all  very proud of what they were able to accomplish. This has been an  incredible streak.   Since the Women's World Cup was established in 1991, there have been  eight competitions. The United States has won four--and the last two  consecutively--beating the Netherlands on Sunday by a score of 2 to 0.   We all congratulate the team. We are very proud. They represented our  Nation extremely well. Each of us shares that pride.   As a Maryland Senator, I want to acknowledge Rose Lavelle and Mallory  Pugh, who are from the Washington Spirit, which is based in Germantown,  MD.    Mr. President, today I wish to discuss Americans' access  to healthcare and patient protections that are carelessly being  threatened by President Trump and his administration, specifically, his  decision to not uphold the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,  ACA, which is the law of the land.   This week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the fifth circuit began  reviewing appeals to a December decision in the case Texas v. U.S., in  which the entire ACA was ruled unconstitutional. Republican attorneys  general from 18 States argue that the ACA is unconstitutional because  our Republican colleagues repealed the individual mandate as part of  their 2017 tax bill. Instead of defending the ACA and fighting for  Americans with preexisting health conditions, President Trump took the  unprecedented step of not defending current law, and the Department of  Justice revised its position to support full repeal of the ACA,  continuing the administration's sabotage of affordable access to  healthcare through all avenues of Executive action.   If Republicans successfully overturn the ACA, hundreds of millions of  Americans will lose access to affordable healthcare and the monumental  consumer protections created through the ACA. This includes the 133  million Americans with preexisting conditions, 17 million people who  gained insurance through Medicaid expansion, 12 million seniors who pay  less for prescription drugs, and over 2 million adult children who will  no longer be able to stay on their parent's health insurance.   I am particularly worried about the 2.5 million Marylanders with a  preexisting condition, 320,000 of whom are children. Before the ACA,  insurers denied health coverage to Americans with preexisting health  conditions.   The most common preexisting conditions are pregnancy, cancer,  diabetes, high blood pressure, behavioral health disorders, high  cholesterol, asthma, and heart conditions. Patients with preexisting  conditions must know their health insurance coverage is there for them  when they are healthy, but particularly when they become sick. The ACA  took the important step to ensure this, by protecting all patients  against arbitrary, sudden loss of insurance. This security would, of  course, be eliminated if the ACA is overturned.   In addition to these important consumer protections, the Affordable  Care Act increased access to care for millions of people who previously  were uninsured or underinsured. Through Medicaid expansion, 13 million  low-income Americans now have dependable, comprehensive healthcare,  including 300,000 Marylanders. We must protect the Medicaid expansion  population and other uninsured or underinsured populations from the  Trump administration's efforts to eliminate their access to affordable  care.   The numerous reckless attempts by the Trump administration to  sabotage the ACA disregard how much good healthcare reform has done for  all Americans. Before we passed the Affordable Care Act, too many  people fell through the cracks with inadequate insurance coverage,  annual and lifetime coverage caps, or limits to preventive health  services. Too many declared bankruptcy because of high healthcare costs  or skipped prescribed care or medications because of the costs.   The ACA ensured that many of those people now have access to higher- quality coverage. Core elements of the law require companies to cover  adults and children with preexisting conditions, prevent insurance  companies from setting annual and lifetime limits, and  [[Page S4765]]  allow young adults can stay on a parent's health plan until the age of  26.   If the Affordable Care Act is struck down, insurers could bring back  annual and lifetime limits on coverage, adults covered by Medicaid  expansion would lose vital health services, young people would be  kicked off their parent's insurance, and issuers could sell skimpy  plans that don't cover essential health benefits like prescription  drugs, emergency room visits, mental health and substance use, and  maternity care.   The unprecedented actions by the Trump administration to not defend  the ACA jeopardizes the healthcare of all Americans. I believe that  accessible, affordable healthcare is a human right. Securing this right  has always been a challenge. Democrats will continue to fight for  consumer protections and increased access to care that have been  guaranteed through the Affordable Care Act. As President Trump refuses  to defend the Affordable Care Act, he risks the health and well-being  of millions of Americans.   