 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this has been a very important week in  the evolution of the Federal policy to end the failed policy of  prohibition on cannabis.   Yesterday, the House overwhelmingly approved my amendment that would  prohibit the Department of Justice from interfering with any State- legal cannabis activities. We had also approved an amendment that  granted the same protections to the Tribes.   This is remarkable progress that we have seen, but it is just an  effort by Congress to catch up to where the rest of the American public  is.   For the last 23 years, American voters have changed the policies that  are outmoded and dangerous. Most recently, we have seen a wave of  activity dealing not just with medical marijuana but dealing with adult  use. The public, by a two-thirds margin, supports this.   And, when we talk about medical marijuana, it is like the Fourth of  July. Ninety percent of the American public believes that we ought to  have access to medical marijuana.   I have been working in this Congress to extend the same opportunities  to our veterans, who, if anything, need medical marijuana more than any  other category of our citizens. We lost 7,000 people to the wars in  Afghanistan and Iraq, but we have lost over 100,000 veterans to  suicides and opioid overdoses.   The VA, I am afraid, has not been as helpful as it should be. They  prescribe opioids for our veterans at a rate 50 percent higher than  others. Our veterans are twice as likely to die from overdose.   I am deeply concerned about that. That is why I have repeatedly  advanced this amendment. Two sessions ago, it passed the House, it  passed the Senate, and it was in the final version of the bill, only to  be stripped out by the Republican leadership.   An illustration of how far we have evolved: The House leadership that  [[Page H5016]]  stripped this provision out was headed by Speaker Boehner, who is now a  spokesperson for the cannabis industry, having described that he has  evolved on this issue and thinks it is a good idea.   We haven't evolved, in this Congress, in providing protections for  the VA. Even though this amendment has passed repeatedly, all of a  sudden, the VA has decided, well, they would be putting their doctors  at risk.   It never came up before. If we had known about it, we could work  around it. And I think we can and should work to fix this.   It is outrageous. And if you talk to people like the Veterans  Cannabis Coalition, or talk to veterans in your own district, they will  tell you that their lives have been transformed by access to medical  cannabis and they don't want highly addictive, dangerous opioids.   We need to do right by them. I am going to, reluctantly, withdraw  this amendment, this amendment that has passed repeatedly on the floor  of the House and is so badly needed.   And I hope that we will be able to work together to fix this little  quirk, to make sure that VA doctors can do what doctors everywhere do  in States where medical cannabis is legal and be able to work with  their patients.   The VA ought to give their patients, our veterans, the same  consideration to have them be able to have these conversations with the  doctors that know them best.   As I say, Madam Chair, I will reluctantly withdraw it, confident that  we can work together to solve it and, ultimately, give our veterans the  access that they deserve and need.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw the  amendment.   