 Mr. President, I rise today to give tribute to a great  American, a great Texan, a dear friend, and a 26-year veteran of this  institution who has dedicated her career to serving the needs of her  fellow citizens. Her name is Shea Woodard Hall. Shea has worked as the  West Texas regional director on my team for 7 years. She is now  retiring. Shea started working in the Senate in 1993, when she was  hired by my predecessor, Senator Kay Bailey Hutchinson.   As West Texas regional director, Shea started with 89 counties in her  region. By land area, that is bigger than some States. She could leave  her office in Abilene, drive 7 hours north, and still be in her region.  That is how much territory she was responsible for.   Shea has always been willing to go the extra mile, literally. In her  first 3 years working in the Senate, Shea put 75,000 miles on her car.  In fact, she has put so many miles on her vehicles throughout the last  26 years that it is probably for the best that she married a local car  dealer in Abilene.   After 26 years serving 89 counties in West Texas, everyone knows  Shea, and Shea knows everyone. From every mayor, to every county judge  and sheriff, to every State elected official, Shea made it a point to  know them all. In fact, when I traveled with Shea in West Texas, we  would arrive at an event, and there was no doubt who folks were happy  to see--me or Shea, and it sure wasn't me.   Shea is also known in West Texas for her rural tours. They are  legendary. You see, Shea's region is diverse. It spans from Amarillo,  to Lubbock, to Abilene, to San Angelo, to Big Spring, to Midland- Odessa.   On the last tour she planned, an ag tour, we started in Lubbock, with  stops in Muleshoe, Fredonia, Dalhart, and Amarillo. If you know Texas,  that is one heck of a big loop. On one of the stops, I asked Shea what  we would be seeing that day, and she answered: ``Strippers.'' I was  fairly puzzled with  [[Page S5724]]  that response, and she quickly clarified: ``Cotton strippers.'' I was  relieved.   There are too many stories of Shea helping people in West Texas, but  one of my favorite stories is about how Shea helped to bring the B-1  bomber to Texas. When the city of Abilene and Dyess Air Force Base were  working to secure low-level training routes for the B-1 bomber, Shea  received some questions and some concerns from local ranchers who were  afraid that the noise would upset their cattle. Always the steady hand,  Shea responded with some West Texas wisdom. She would tell them that  the low-level training routes were good for our national security; that  they would enhance Dyess Air Force Base as the premier B-1 base in the  country; and finally, she would tell them that she hadn't received a  single phone call from a cow protesting the noise. I am proud to say  that because of her efforts and many others, those training routes  remain, and today Texas is one of the homes of the B-1 bomber.   Shea has become a living legend in West Texas because no problem is  too big and no problem is too small. She wants to help anyone and  everyone who calls her with an issue. She often helps people in  stressful situations, navigating the leviathan of Big Government on  behalf of fellow Texans in their time of need. Shea also doesn't take  no for an answer. If she didn't get the answer she needed to help a  fellow Texan, she didn't give up.   She has been a tireless and effective member of our team. That is her  legacy, and I know it will endure.   Shea is retiring next month. While we will miss her greatly, she will  remain a friend, and she will remain family. We wish her well as she  begins her well-earned retirement. The Senate, the people of Texas, and  the thousands of people and families whom she has helped over the  course of 26 years of service will miss her too.   Thank you, Shea, for your work, your determination, your passion,  your patriotism, and your love for Texas. Texas says thank you.   God bless you.   I yield the floor.   