 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, let me begin by echoing what the leader  said earlier about the importance of passing the Defense appropriations  bill.   I just came from a meeting with members of our Defense Department  where we talked about how important it is that the appropriations  process moves forward. The Defense authorization bill, the broader bill  that sets the priorities for military spending, is also stalled out  here. That is something that both sides have agreed to for 58 years. It  sets out how we are going to make sure that we take care of our men and  women in uniform and that they have the equipment, the weaponry, and  the training they need to do their jobs and to keep America safe. The  authorization bill is stalled right now. That is the priority bill.   The appropriations bill, the part that funds all of that--that, too,  has been blocked last week, most recently by the Senate Democrats, who  filibustered the Defense appropriations bill.   So both the authorization bill and the funding bill are now both  stalled out here in the Senate because of obstruction and delays by the  Senate Democrats. That is unfortunate for the men and women in uniform  in this country because in that Defense appropriations bill is the  largest pay increase in a decade for our men and women in uniform, not  to mention all of the important priorities that are funded when it  comes to the weapons systems and the most sophisticated technology that  is necessary, again, to keep Americans safe both here at home and  around the world.   I can't emphasize enough how important it is for our Democratic  colleagues to come to their senses and conclude that taking care of  America's military is job No. 1. If we don't get national security  right, the rest is conversation. It really is. All these other things  that we talk about are secondary and pale in comparison to making sure  that we are taking the steps necessary to protect Americans, as I said,  both here at home and around the world.   The Defense appropriations bill funds all of those priorities, all  those things that are important, from pay and benefits for our men and  women in uniform to, again, all the things that are necessary for them  when it comes to training, equipment, and weaponry to do their jobs and  to do them well, to continue to keep Americans safe both here at home  and around the world, and to be able to project American power where  necessary in a world that is increasingly dangerous.   I would just urge the Democrats here in the Senate to allow this  appropriations process to move forward. Give us a vote. Let's vote on  it. Let's get the military funded. Every day that goes by where it is  not funded is lost time, and there are resources that can't be put into  those important priorities  [[Page S6367]]  that are so essential to America's national security interests.   We have a filibuster being conducted by the Senate Democrats. It  needs to be stopped. We need to move forward with the Defense  appropriations bill, and I hope the Senate Democrats will come to the  conclusion that this is the right thing to do, not only for the Senate  but, more importantly, for our country.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the Senator from  Nebraska (Mr. Sasse).     The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   