 ROSE of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to  H.R. 1500.   Mr. Chair, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would have  Members believe that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's  structure is settled law. In fact, I am certain they will continue  repeating that view. However, no matter how many times they repeat the  sentiment, repeating it will never make it true.   This is not settled law. The American people deserve to be  represented in government entities on every level, especially those as  integral to their lives as the CFPB.   I can assure you, the people of the Sixth District of Tennessee are  unhappy with the structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  and its utter lack of accountability. My constituents have expressed  the same frustration time and again. The level of independence given to  the CFPB is counter to the very freedoms we expect in this country.    It is our job to ensure that the American people have a voice in the  business of their government. Right now, the structure of the CFPB does  not provide a voice to the people of Tennessee or to the people of this  country.  [[Page H4079]]    This is unacceptable. It is unacceptable to me, and it should be  unacceptable to each of us in this Chamber.   Over 240 years ago, our forbearers fought a Revolutionary War, a War  of Independence with a battle cry of, ``No taxation without  representation.'' Perhaps that battle cry today should be, ``No  regulation without representation.''   Do we trust a fully independent bureaucrat with unlimited government  funding to act in the best interests of honest, hardworking Americans,  or do we trust their elected representatives?   Overwhelmingly, I trust those of us in this body to oversee the CFPB  far more than we can ever rely on an independent bureaucrat to do so.  We are held accountable every 2 years in this Chamber. If voters do not  like the way we are doing our job, they can send us home. This matters  to the American people, and it should matter to us.   H.R. 1500 does not address the real issues here: a lack of  accountability, an abuse of power, and an ever-expanding footprint of  the Federal Government.   Instead, H.R. 1500 attempts to micromanage the Bureau now that my  friends on the other side of the aisle see what it is like when the  shoe is on the other foot.   The esteemed ranking member from North Carolina and I urge our fellow  Members to join us in voting against this legislation, the latest  rendition of irresponsible Big Government.   