 Mr. Chair, I also rise to speak against H.R. 3.   To me, there are two segments of society in which the costs have gone  out of control and are really broken. One is the secondary education  system, and the other is the medical situation.   It is not surprising that the two areas that prices have spun out of  control since I was a child are two areas in which the government has  been most involved; and, therefore, we should be very measured before  we become involved in a lot more government prescription or mucking  around the medical industry.   And I say that as somebody who is no friend of the drug companies. I  think their behavior has become absolutely deplorable.   Nevertheless, we have to remember that, when it comes to new drugs  right now on the market, other countries have a lot less access than we  do in America. In that regard, America is still number one.   Only 36 percent of the new drugs are allowed into Australia, 46  percent in Canada, and under 60 percent in the U.K. We are still the  envy of people in other parts of the world there.   Of new cancer drugs launched in the last 8 years, 95 percent are  available in the United States, 74 percent in the U.K., and less than  50 percent in Japan.   The thing to remember which is so frequently true: Government  involvement can be good, but a lot of times government involvement can  make things worse.   The next frustrating thing about this bill is there are good things  that both sides could agree on and could pass right away.   We have heard a lot about H.R. 19 right now. One of their folks was  talking about the high cost of insulin. We are doing things, or people  would do things in H.R. 19, to rush more biosimilars to insulin to the  market. They could have that victory tomorrow.   But, for some reason, rather than vote on a bill they know will pass  and will do a great deal to reduce the cost of prescription drugs, the  other side has elected to bring forth a bill that they know will not  pass, which comes down to the third point I am going to make: Why are  they not passing a bill that would collect the vast majority of  Republicans in the House and has a good chance of passing the Senate  and being signed by President Trump?   I reluctantly conclude that, one more time, they don't want to have a  victory in these 2 years, for whatever motivation. And that is truly  sad because these drug costs are out of control, and there are  victories that can be taken today.   But instead of passing a bill, given political reality, that can be  brought to the floor, they will pass a bill on the House floor that  they know is going to go nowhere in the Senate and that they know is  going to delay the relief that people need.    They know it will delay that relief for at least  another year.   I have a bill I am going to talk about, myself, a little bit later.   