 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. Engel, the chairman,  for his leadership on this issue, and my friends Mr. Bilirakis, Mr.  McCaul, Mr. Wilson, and, obviously, Mr. McGovern, who have been working  on this with me, along with Congresswoman Bass.   Congress cannot sit idly by while one nation kills its own people,  blocks all communication to the outside world, and commits serious  human rights violations. The people of Sudan, like all people, deserve  the ability to determine their own future. They deserve a civilian-led  democratic society. They deserve to not have to live in constant fear  of violence.   It is for these reasons that we offer this resolution to affirm the  position of the United States Congress, despite views that we may  differ on, on other matters, and that we come together, Democrats and  Republicans, across the political spectrum to denounce the trampling of  human rights that is taking place in Sudan, to call on the Transitional  Military Council to immediately stop any violence against those  civilian protestors, and to begin the immediate transition to a  civilian-led government.    The Sudanese people have a right to be free. They have a right to a  democratic society. They have a right to not have to deal with the kind  of oppression that they have experienced.   This resolution also lays out some very clear areas where Sudan  simply has to improve if it wants to have a  [[Page H5791]]  productive relationship with the U.S. I believe that the U.S. should be  engaged with Sudan, but we have to insist that the Sudan that we engage  with and that the Sudan that we work with is a nation that is led by  its own people and not subjected to the horrific examples of  persecution that we have seen.   For three decades, the people of Sudan have suffered under terrible  repression. Now that we have this moment where the page is turned, the  worst thing would be to succeed one terrible period of oppression with  another. That is why it is somewhat hopeful to see that there are some  signs that some view as reason for optimism.   We have to make sure that this transition to a civilian-led  government is something that actually takes place and that we don't  allow Sudan to simply go back to the kind of military-led repression  that we saw under Bashir. That is completely unacceptable.   While the situation is fluid, we have an opportunity to state with a  very clear voice from the Congress of the United States, from the  American people, to the people of Sudan and to the people of the world  that the world is watching. We are paying attention to what takes  place. We have a stake in the freedom of the people of Sudan.   That is why we are speaking up with one voice today. I am honored to  join with my colleagues, as I said, across the aisle and across the  political spectrum to speak with one voice on this subject. Congress  has a chance to make a difference on this. The people of the United  States stand with the people of Sudan. We deserve better, and they  deserve better.   Mr. Speaker, I call on all of my colleagues to join us in this  resolution and call for freedom and justice for the people of Sudan.   