 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding, and I thank him for his leadership as chair of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.  [[Page H3376]]    Certainly, as chair of the Subcommittee on Environment and Climate  Change, I understand the prioritization that we need to make as a House  with climate change. We are doing it with this caucus, with the  Democratic Caucus. We have languished without a policy or hearings in  the committee for quite some time and, finally, the Democrats are  showing their forcefulness.   Global problems require global cooperation, and we accept this as a  given when it comes to countless security, health, and economic  challenges. And climate change will impact all of these areas, and  more.   But global climate action will not succeed without America at the  table, leading by example. Other nations understand this, as do  thousands of United States cities, businesses, universities, and  nonprofit organizations.   That is why the ``We Are Still In'' campaign was formed, and why its  many members support this bill. The contributions of subnational actors  can achieve two-thirds of our 2025 national commitment, but we need  Federal action to fill the gap.   President Trump has made it clear that he does not appreciate the  previous administration's policies to achieve America's Paris target.  Therefore, Mr. President, we have a very fair question of you. What is  your plan?   Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have taken the opposite  approach, throwing up their hands and saying this bill is a waste of  time because the President would veto it.   I could not disagree more. This vote will show the American people  and the international community who in Washington understands and  acknowledges the threat of climate change; who recognizes the  importance of building global cooperation to address it; and who will  work to enact the policies that will result in a safer, healthier  planet, a planet that will be safer for future generations.   Based on the President's statements, the answer is clearly, not him.  And the clock is ticking.   I hope next time we are on the floor, we will be debating concrete  solutions that will lead to meaningful emissions reductions and  accelerate the clean energy transition. We can start that process today  by stating in clear and resounding fashion: We Are Still in. Support  this bill.   