 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1037, the  Banking Transparency for Sanctioned Persons Act of 2019.    I thank the chairwoman of the committee, Ms. Waters, as well as  Ranking Member McHenry for their support and willingness to bring this  legislation to the House floor for a vote. I also thank my colleague  Josh Gottheimer for cosponsoring this legislation.   This bill requires the Department of the Treasury to report on  financial services provided to a state sponsor of terrorism or  sanctioned person. This is a commonsense reporting requirement that  will further assist Congress in its oversight functions, including  financial sanctions against state sponsors of terrorism, human rights  abusers, and other bad actors targeted with certain U.S. sanctions.   This legislation is simple yet essential. It requires the Secretary  of the Treasury to submit to Congress every 180 days a report with two  sets of information: first, a list of the licenses it issues to  financial institutions to provide services to countries and persons  subject to certain U.S. sanctions, and this would include state  sponsors of terrorism such as Iran, North Korea, or Syria; second,  Treasury would have to provide a list of any foreign banks that conduct  significant transactions for persons that have been sanctioned for  human rights abuses or corruption. This report will support Congress by  ensuring that sanctions are being legally and appropriately applied  across the board.   The information in these reports will inform Congress about how  sanctioned states and individuals engage in financial transactions.  Additionally, the increased transparency will help us understand the  impacts of sanctions on targeted individuals.   With a clear idea of how certain foreign countries are undermining  U.S. efforts to combat corruption and human rights atrocities, we can  adjust our sanctions policies so they have the intended effects.   Finally, this bill will aid Congress and the executive branch to  tailor secondary sanctions on foreign financial institutions, as well  as better determine how those sanctions should be effectively designed  and what the unintended consequences might be, if any should exist.   This will be a useful oversight tool and a powerful disclosure  requirement that can help Congress understand existing sanctions and  design a more effective program for the future.   Mr. Speaker, this bill unanimously passed the House in the 115th  Congress, and I invite all of my colleagues to join me today and pass  H.R. 1037.   