 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this  motion, because I also rise, as I have so many times before, as a  strong supporter of the Export-Import Bank, and I am going to tell you  why.   It is because I want us to be a nation that builds things. I want the  most advanced factories in the world, building the most complex goods  invented, to be located in America and filled with American workers.  That is what I want. And I actually think we all, all 435 of us, want  that.   We vote for manufacturing tax breaks. We vote for infrastructure to  improve the shipment of manufactured goods. We vote for programs to  develop a manufacturing workforce.   Those bills are not controversial, because we all want American  manufacturers to keep their production facilities here. We want them to  tap into new markets and add more ships and keep increasing good-paying  jobs that don't require a mountain of college debt.   But to do that, we must have a robust export credit agency. Private  markets simply cannot meet the needs of our smallest and largest  exporters. Every other major economy in the world has figured this out.  They all set up export credit agencies to boost their manufacturers.  Only the U.S. alone sabotages itself.   For 7 years I have been fighting to end this sabotage and to restore  the Bank to its rightful place supporting manufacturing jobs, and we  are slowly succeeding, but none of it has come easy.   Over 7 years, the opponents of the Bank have evolved in their  tactics.   At first, they outright opposed the Bank and called for it to be  shuttered. Ultimately, those arguments failed, because we didn't want  to unilaterally disarm.   Next, they claimed to support the Ex-Im, but only if the agency's  charter was crippled in its support for our most advanced manufacturing  goods. They would restrict the Bank from backing sales in--listen to  this, Mr. Speaker--U.S. locomotives and aircrafts and turbines to our  largest foreign markets. Again, these arguments failed, because we knew  our purpose was to support American workers.   Finally, in the last few weeks, we have come to this point where  support of Ex-Im is conditioned on turning it into a foreign policy  agency, but these arguments must fail too.   Everyone on both sides of the Chamber wants to do more to combat the  near peer competition of China and all the threat that they pose to our  system of government and our values, but passion untempered by  expertise can lead to some very bad outcomes.   The truth is, the Financial Services Committee does not have the  expertise necessary to make China policy. The Ex-Im Bank does not have  the expertise either, and I fear that making it to do so will lead to  very bad outcomes, loss of U.S. goods and lost jobs for U.S. workers.   The MTR would create one-way sales. They are going to sell to us, but  we can't sell to them.   A version of this amendment was rejected in committee not once, not  twice, not three times, but seven times. No more sales to railroads or  to utilities or of airplanes.   There is a better way, and it is included in the underlying bill,  that is sharply focused and targeted to hold China accountable.   I understand the frustration with China, as I have sat on this floor  before. You know what? If we want to relitigate admission of China into  the WTO, bring it out. Let's have that debate, but let's not do it  under the subterfuge of trying to cripple and hamper the Export-Import  Bank.   There is an exemption in this bill supposedly for small businesses.  Mr. Speaker, when are the Republicans going to get into their heads the  notion of a supply chain? Big businesses have massive supply chains  made up of what? Small businesses.   If we pass this MTR, I guarantee this is what is going to happen:  increased bankruptcy, factory workers laid off, factories closed in  America. That is what will happen. Let's not shoot ourselves in the  foot.   Mr. Speaker, if the Republicans want us to be a nation that builds  the most sophisticated machines on land, on sea, in the air, in space,  if the Republicans want us to be a nation that sends its goods around  the world, defeat this motion, support this bill, and put the Ex-Im on  a strong footing to meet the challenges of the decade to come.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   