 Madam Speaker, this new freshman class has made history  as the youngest and most diverse ever, and I am incredibly proud to be  a Member of this class and of this Congress and to serve with my  friend, Representative Stevens, as freshman class co-president of the  Democratic class.   We truly do represent our Nation's slogan of E pluribus unum--out of  [[Page H3195]]  many, one. And though we have much more work to do as the end of our  first 100 days approaches, we have made real progress in fulfilling our  efforts to make the lives of ordinary Americans a little bit better.   As freshman class co-president, I can tell you that this class came  here with a mandate to end the sabotage of Americans' healthcare and to  work to lower costs. I was proud to lead the effort, on our very first  day in Congress, as we placed the United States House back on the side  of the people by intervening to defend the Affordable Care Act in court  and with it its protections for people with preexisting conditions.   This resolution, that I was proud to lead, passed with bipartisan  support, sending a strong message that the United States House will not  stand idly by while this administration tries to take us back to the  bad old days when people were denied care because they had a  preexisting condition or ran into lifetime caps on their coverage.   We have also introduced bold legislation that will stop the sabotage,  stabilize healthcare markets, and lower costs for regular folks, that I  hope will pass with bipartisan support. After all, that is what the  American people want us to do, to work together.   We have also passed commonsense gun safety measures that will keep  our communities safe by closing loopholes in the background check  system.   We passed the Paycheck Fairness Act, which helps guarantee that, no  matter who you are, everyone gets equal pay for equal work.   We passed the most historic anticorruption and pro-democracy bill in  a generation, H.R. 1, the For the People Act, which will reduce the  influence of big money and special interests in Washington and return  power to the people by expanding voting rights and ending voter  suppression.   From my post on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, we  are laying the groundwork for a much-needed and long overdue  infrastructure bill. In my district in north Texas, we are rapidly  growing, and I know that I am not alone in hearing from folks who are  stuck in traffic and tired of congestion on their commutes, and we can  and must do more to repair our roads and bridges and to diversify the  transportation options available to all Americans.   In closing, I issue this challenge to my colleagues in both parties,  in the House and in the Senate. The American people are counting on us.  Let's put aside partisan politics and let's work together. From  prescription drugs to infrastructure, there is so much that we agree  on. Let's deliver in the next 100 days for the American people.   