 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary  Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1044 and  that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.   I ask unanimous consent that the Lee amendment, No. 939, be agreed  to, that the bill as amended be considered read a third time and  passed, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Madam President, I want to recognize my appreciation for the  Senator from Georgia, who has expressed a good-faith, earnest desire to  work with me on this legislation. I want very badly to get this passed.  It needs to pass. I want to talk for a few minutes about the reasons  this legislation needs to pass.   I believe this legislation, as amended, as I proposed to be enacted  today with Lee amendment No. 939, is itself ready to be passed into  law. In my opinion, there is no justifiable cause for delay. We will  continue to work on it. I wish we could pass it today. It should be  passed today because it is ready.   The bill we are talking about, of course, is the Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act. This is an important, bipartisan piece of  legislation, one that I have been proud to sponsor, along with Senator  Harris, who has been my Democratic partner on this issue.   The Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act has been a priority of  mine for many years, nearly the entire time I have been in the Senate.  During that time, it has been the subject of strong debate and a lot of  scrutiny on the Hill. Like most bills, its path to becoming law has not  always been straight or clear and certainly not clear of obstacles. But  with the passage of the companion bill in the House of Representatives  by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 365 to 65, I believe that now is  the moment we really can finally move forward with this small but  critically important fix to our immigration system. We could do that.  We would be in a position to do that today had an objection not been  raised.   Notwithstanding that objection, I am going to continue to work in the  coming days to make it a reality because this is a reform whose time  has come, and I would like to take a moment to explain why it deserves  support from my colleagues.   Again, we have to take into account that this passed the House of  Representatives with a vote of 365 to 65. It is not easy to find  something that can garner that much bipartisan support.   Wrangling over the nuts and bolts and fine-print details of the  policy, as extremely as important as that is, can at times allow us to  lose sight of more basic foundational principles that should shape any  law or any set of laws we put on the books.   Among other things, our laws should be consistent with our Nation's  deeply held beliefs and values. A system of laws should also be clear  and coherent, meaning that it should not only give adequate notice of  what is required in order for a person to comply with the law, but it  also should be something that is capable of being complied with.  Finally, the means employed by any law should be consistent with the  objectives that law seeks to accomplish. These are not partisan  principles. They are simple yet incredibly important guideposts that  should direct the actions of anyone entrusted with crafting a legal  system, as we certainly are in this Chamber.   Unfortunately, the laws we pass don't always live up to the standards  of fair and effective and consistent lawmaking. One of the starkest  examples of our failure to abide by these same principles involves the  way we allocate employment-based green cards.   Few ideas are more central to who we are as Americans than the notion  that people should be judged and treated by their government based on  their own merits as individuals--as individuals with inherent God-given  rights--and not on the basis of the color of their skin or of the  country in which they were born.   Our Founders wrote: ``We hold these truths to be self-evident, that  all men are created equal.'' Those words are as much a part of our  national creed in this moment as they were when they were written some  243 years ago. Our laws should reflect this. They should reflect the  enduring truth found in those words, which I believe were inspired.  They are inspirational to this day. I believe they were inspired at the  time they wrote them, and that is why they are lasting in their  importance and their persuasive effect.   Despite this ideal, section 1152 of the Immigration and Nationality  Act provides that ``the total number of [employment-based] visas made  available to natives of any single foreign state . . . in any fiscal  year may not exceed 7 percent . . . of the total number of such visas  made available.'' That rather antiseptic language, technical and  clinical on its face, is, on closer inspection, deeply out of step with  our country's commitment to nondiscrimination and to equal treatment  under the law.   In practice, section 1152's 7 percent cap on immigrants from any one  country means that, if two immigrants apply for an employment-based  visa at precisely the same moment and have the exact same skills and  education and other factors taken into account on their applications,  one of them may wait 12 months for a green card while his counterpart  languishes in the green card backlog for decades. That is not an  exaggeration--literally decades.   The only factor that accounts for this gross and unfair, difficult to  justify or defend disparity in treatment is the fact that the second  immigrant in my hypothetical example happened to have been born in a  different country than the first. They are otherwise identically  situated to each other, but one may be processed within a year, and the  other may languish for decades. This is because, under the per-country  cap system, immigrants from larger, more populated countries are only  eligible to receive the same number of green cards annually as  immigrants from smaller countries. As a result, the wait times for  immigrants from larger countries have grown and grown decade after  decade, with no end in sight. This amounts to a de facto country-of- origin discrimination, plain and simple, and no amount of legalese or  wonkish policy arguments can cover up that fact.    Beyond its incompatibility with the deep and abiding principles upon  which this country was founded, the per-country cap system violates  another one of those commonsense maxims of good lawmaking that I  mentioned earlier: the need for clarity and for consistency in the law.   Title VII of the Civil Rights Act provides that it is unlawful for an  employer ``to discriminate against any individual with respect to his  compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because  of such individual's race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.''  Yet the conditions created by the per-country caps virtually guarantee  that employers on some level must take into account the national origin  when recruiting certain immigrant workers.   If prospective hires from one country will be able to obtain a green  card in 12 months, while those from another--even a person who happens  to have superior training and skills--will be unable to obtain a green  card for possibly decades, it is virtually unavoidable that the  employer will take national origin into account. Think about that. One  section of the U.S. Code forbids employers from taking national origin  into account when making employment decisions; another section makes it  impossible for an employer not to take that into account. The grounds  on which that kind of system can be defended as sound public policy are  beyond me.   The pernicious consequences of this intrinsically flawed system do  not stop there, as 95 percent of immigrants stuck in the green card  backlog are already in the United States on temporary visas. In many  cases, they have brought their spouses and their children with them to  build a life in this country. Yet, because temporary visa holders can  only sponsor their foreign-born child up until the time the child turns  21, many in the backlog, waiting decades for a green card, are forced  to choose between separating from their child as the child ages out of  the temporary visa or abandoning their dream of settling in America in  order to return to their home country in order to keep their family  together. In the most heartbreaking among those cases--of  [[Page S5593]]  which there are sadly far too many--the child was brought here at a  very young age and may have no memory of the country to which they  would be forced to return.   It bears repeating. This is happening not because these individuals  broke the law--they haven't done anything wrong--and it is not because  they don't satisfy the merit-based eligibility criteria needed to  receive an employment-based green card. I understand that immigration  laws do have consequences, and we have to follow the law, but it  doesn't stem from any violation of the law or any lack of eligibility  stemming from any factor other than country of origin. It happens for  no reason other than the country in which they happen to have been  born.   If that made sense, if there were some sound principle and public  policy that anyone could point to, then perhaps we wouldn't have  occasion to be talking about changing this law. Perhaps we wouldn't  have gotten 365 votes, Democrats and Republicans joining together in  the House of Representatives voting to pass this. The fact is, I have  yet to meet anyone in this body or in the House of Representatives who  can defend this flawed policy on its merits because it makes no sense.   Finally, the per-country cap system is irredeemably flawed because,  among its other problems, it is also incompatible with the goals that  our employment-based visa system are meant to advance in the first  place. The employment-based visa system is supposed to enable American  businesses to bring the best and the brightest to this country. Yet,  under the per-country caps, a factor that has nothing to do with a  person's skills or merit distorts and in many cases ultimately  determines the recruitment process. This weakens the merit-based  portion of our immigration system. Indeed, it is directly at war with  the supposed purpose of our employment-based green card system.   Despite its obvious deficiencies, the per-country caps have been part  of our immigration laws since the 1950s. This is something that came  into our law during the Elvis Presley era, during the Buddy Holly era-- not exactly something that was intended to remain on the books very  long. Regardless of what they intended at the time as far as how long  it should last, I don't believe they had good, legitimate reasons to  put it into law then. Whatever reasons they had then certainly don't  apply now. They are not even discernible to anyone I know today.   It is long past time that we replace that flawed policy with a more  rational and equitable approach. Fortunately, the solution to these  problems is not only straightforward, but it is agreed upon by a broad  bipartisan coalition of Senators and Representatives. We must simply  eliminate the per-country caps in order to ensure a fair and reasonable  allocation of employment-based green cards. That is exactly what the  Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act would accomplish. Without the  per-country caps, our skills-based green card system would operate on a  first come, first served basis, ensuring that immigrants would be  admitted into the United States based purely on their merit rather than  their country of origin.   This reform would also ensure that the hardships caused by decades- long wait times are eliminated. As I have said in the past, there is no  question that immigration is one of if not the most politically fraught  issues in Congress right now. It makes it all the more important for  us, at least, to come together to get something done in the areas where  we can find common ground. The Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act  is an important point of common ground.   Any immigration bill that has 35 Senate cosponsors--20 Republicans  and 15 Democrats, as this bill does--presents a unique opportunity to  secure a victory for the American people. The reason this bill commands  such widespread support from all points along the political spectrum is  because, as I have explained, the arguments in its favor are not your  typical partisan or ideological arguments. No. They are commonsense  arguments about the way any rational legal system should work in that  it makes clear that the per-country caps system must go.   That is what is needed to make our immigration laws consistent with  our principles, consistent with other laws on the books, and consistent  with the merits-based objectives this component of our immigration  system is meant to promote.   The other reason the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act has  been so successful in attracting support from both sides of the aisle  is because we have scrupulously avoided the typical poison pills that  so often doom many good-faith attempts at immigration reform. This bill  is not comprehensive in its approach. It is not a comprehensive  immigration reform package. It is not even close to that. That is, in  fact, why this bill is something we can actually get done now. That is  why this bill is so close to being passed. It is why this bill really  should pass into law today.   While it does not fix many of the other flaws that plague our broken  immigration system, it is a great and a vitally important start to  reform. If we are ever to have a chance at modernizing and repairing  our immigration laws, we need to recognize that we cannot necessarily  solve all of our problems at once. The fact that this is the case  shouldn't stand in the way of us starting to work on the issues the  American people sent us here to solve. We cannot allow the perfect to  be the enemy of the excellent. That is why I have come to seek  unanimous consent to pass this legislation today.   Look, I understand it has drawn an objection, but it has drawn an  objection in a way that drew an objection a few weeks ago from another  Member. We have been able to work through that Member's concerns. I am  hopeful, I am optimistic that my colleague who raised an objection  today can be persuaded that this bill needs to be passed, we can  address his concerns, and that we can resolve them.   I will be working with my distinguished friend and colleague from  Georgia throughout this weekend to try to find a solution, some  explanation, or, if necessary, language that can win his support. We  are very close on what we believe is appropriate and acceptable.   I remain steadfastly convinced that this law, as written, as amended,  as offered up by unanimous consent today could and should be the law of  the land. I believe it is ready for prime time. It is ready to become  law, but when seeking unanimity on a measure in order to pass it, one  must do everything one can do in order to seek actual unanimity, and  that is what I intend to do in the coming days. I intend to be back  next week, making yet another attempt to pass this bill into law, and I  hope and expect we will be able to do so.   