 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I am here to support H.R. 1222, and I am very pleased that  Congressman Kind and Congressman Hunter were able to introduce this and  for their part in this particular statement.   As was said by the gentleman from New Jersey, this has been before  this House before. We have passed it in committee before and in the  House before, and it was part of the original package, the land package  that went through earlier this year.   Unfortunately, because of a technicality in the slowdown that we had  in having to reintroduce the bill as a Senate bill, this must come  through as a House bill.  [[Page H3290]]    However, I am pleased to report that all the concerns people had have  been resolved at this point. The Senate has already deemed this bill to  have passed once the House acts on it. So, with our passage today, I  think this bill is going fast into becoming an actual piece of  legislation.   I want to thank Representative Grijalva and his staff. Mr. Grijalva  is not here today. The gentleman from New Jersey is in his place, and a  much better dresser, I might add, and I thank him. I thank them for  their efforts to continue on with this program that was part of the  original package. We had hiccups that we had to solve in some  particular way, so Mr. Grijalva and his staff worked very hard on this  particular piece of legislation.   This is something that has been long sought by the sports community.  The Pittman-Robertson fund, which is a great fund that relies on excise  taxes paid on purchases that are made by hunters and fishers and  recreational shooters, that goes into this fund, which has been around  for almost 80 years and has already contributed about $10 billion.   It has been important to start hunter education programs. It has been  important also for the construction and the maintenance of our public  shooting ranges. The long-term viability is significant.   As this Nation becomes more urbanized, the ability of people having a  safe place where they can go, and they can do practice, target  practice, it becomes even more significant that these ranges have to be  maintained. These ranges have to be improved in some particular way.   What this bill does is the perfect solution. It takes this fund of  money, but then allows the States to have greater flexibility of how it  is going to be administered. By allowing them to even match with just  10 percent, it gives the States the ability to move forward and to use  the Pittman-Robertson fund for 5 years to fund shooting ranges and  expand existing shooting ranges.   It empowers States--that is what we should be doing more--but it  empowers States that will actually now encourage responsible hunting,  responsible recreational shooting, as well as ensuring the wildlife  conservation system, which is, once again, a responsibility of States.   What we are doing here is, I think, taking the right approach with a  fund that already exists, giving States flexibility, and encouraging  the sporting community. That is why the sportsmen of our country have  long sought for this particular provision. They look at this as a major  and important win.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this measure, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, even though H.R. 91 is a new bill, we have seen it  before. The last time we were here, it was a Senate bill that came over  and passed our committee but did not pass the floor itself. We did talk  about it as part of a package we did earlier this year, that it could  have gone in that. For some reason, it was not allowed to go in there.   It does deal with four of the Columbia River Treaty Tribes and the  conditions on their traditional fishing areas that are basically  unsanitary and simply unsafe. What this bill does is authorize the  Department of the Interior to upgrade these areas, to make them  acceptable to safety and sanitary standards, and to do that in  consultation with the Tribes.   This bill is, in my estimation, a reasonable approach. I have no  objection to passing this measure today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, if I could inquire of the gentleman  from New Jersey (Mr. Van Drew) if he has any more speakers. I don't  have any other speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman  from California (Mr. LaMalfa), the sponsor of this particular piece of  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, this entire day we should have had Yogi Berra come in  here and say it is like deja vu all over again because, once again,  this particular piece of legislation we saw last year when it passed  out of committee--sponsored by Mr. LaMalfa then--at the same time,  passed the floor at the same time, and now we are bringing it back here  to see if we can get it all the way through to the finish line.   The bill is one that we have talked about for quite awhile, but it  also has, I think, three significant things it accomplishes, why it has  to be in bill form and can't simply be administratively negotiated in  some way.   The first one, obviously, is it nullifies certain restrictions that  were imposed by the State of California's conservation law. Even if  that restriction to the land title were not a problem, it also solves  the problem that was created because the Obama administration BIA  appointees, in their haste trying to approve a fee-to-trust land  acquisition, cut some legal corners--they cut a lot of legal corners-- which added to a lot of appeals and litigation, all of which cost  everyone a whole lot of money.   The second specific thing it does is prohibit gaming in this Camp 4  area, as was said, which is a concern of the county of Santa Barbara  that will obviously, when this passes, lose a great deal of  jurisdiction over the land in that area.   And, finally, one thing this bill does, I think, that is very  important is it references the memorandum of understanding between the  Tribe and the county of Santa Barbara that they negotiated. This MOU  addresses the concerns that they had, puts them in perspective, and  will actually solve a lot of problems and efforts that have gone on in  the past.   This is a good bill, used to get people working together, solving  certain situations and certain problems. And, I guess, most  importantly, the last bill we passed is going to cost us $11 billion;  this one has no significant costs associated with it, so Mr. LaMalfa  can maintain his status as a true fiscal conservative in the bills he  brings here to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   