 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to complete my remarks.    Madam President, I rise to discuss a new and growing  fundamentalism--a fundamentalism of intolerance and bigotry that is  spreading on our college campuses, in our university systems, and in  the media. It is a fundamentalism that wraps itself in the language of  tolerance but that is, in fact, a cloak for discrimination against  people of faith. This new fundamentalism would undermine the most  important constitutional guarantees and traditions of our Nation that  have allowed us to live in civil peace and civil friendship for over  200 years, and that is the subject of my remarks this afternoon.   The latest example of this new fundamentalism of intolerance comes  from Yale University--in particular, from Yale Law School--where we  learned last week that Yale Law School had imposed a new policy that  would block students who work for certain faith-based organizations  from accessing resources that are available to all other students.  Specifically, that policy would prohibit students from receiving school  resources if they decided to work for an organization that takes  religious faith into account when hiring. Unlike Federal law, Yale's  policy, as announced, failed to include an exemption for religious  organizations even though Federal law recognizes the rights of  religious organizations to hire based on their faiths.   What we are talking about here is something very simple. Yale said to  a group of students that if those in the group wanted to work for  faith-based organizations, they would not be able to access the same  funds or the same loan repayment programs that are offered to all other  students who work for all other organizations. As to what Yale held out  to students as being a neutral and generally available program for  folks who chose to work in the public's interest either during the  summer or after law school, Yale Law School, last week, said: Oh, no.  It is not going to be available if you are a student of faith and  choose to go to work for an organization that is faith-based and want  to pursue its faith-based mission.   Ironically, this was done in the name of tolerance. Yale said it was  trying to  [[Page S2305]]  foster a more tolerant environment. In fact, this is the most rank  intolerance. It is flatout discrimination. It is discrimination against  religious organizations and nonprofit organizations that are pursuing  their good work and that are, in many instances, doing so without  asking their clients to pay a single cent. It is discrimination on the  basis of faith, pure and simple. It is discrimination against students  of faith who want to go to public interest organizations that share  their faith missions and who want to do good in the world by pursuing  those beliefs while helping those who are in need. It is  discrimination, at the end of the day and at the root of the matter,  that rejects this country's commitment and our First Amendment's  commitment to pluralism.   You know, our First Amendment is an extraordinary text. When enacted,  it was the first of its kind in the world, and it makes an  extraordinary commitment. It says that the people of this country have  the right to pursue and to observe their religious beliefs, whatever  they may be, so long as they do so in peace with one another. It is, as  an old friend of mine once said, the right to be wrong. The First  Amendment guarantees that every single American can pursue his or her  most fundamentally held, deeply held religious beliefs so long as they  don't harm other people. That doesn't mean we all have to agree on what  our religious beliefs are. It doesn't mean we have to agree on the  outcomes our religious creeds lead us to.   Our First Amendment recognizes the right to be wrong, but this new  fundamentalism, this new intolerance and bigotry does not recognize the  right to be wrong. In fact, it wants to eliminate the right to be  wrong. It wants to say that, no, we all have to agree. We all have to  now share Yale's view of what an appropriate religious mission is. We  now have to share Yale's view of what students should be doing with  their time. We have to share Yale's view of what our deeply held  beliefs, religious or otherwise, should be.   This sort of fundamentalism insists on a monochromatic view of the  world that we all believe the same thing, that we all act in the same  way, that we all behave the way our elites want us to behave. Well, I  submit to you that is not the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.  That is not our great tradition of pluralism. That is not what has  allowed us to live in civil peace and civil friendship for these many  years.   The question is, Why do Yale Law School and other institutions pursue  policies like this? Well, it is not because of the law. Let's be clear  about that. In fact, Federal law and, indeed, our Constitution prohibit  precisely this kind of targeting of people of faith for disfavor. Just  in 2017, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in a case called Trinity Lutheran  that policies that target the religious for special disabilities based  on their religious status are unconstitutional. Indeed, as I said  earlier, Federal law explicitly prohibits the targeting of individuals  for their religious faith.   No, Yale Law School is not enacting this policy because the law  requires it; they are enacting this policy because they no longer  believe in the right to be wrong. They no longer believe that our  religious faith is so fundamental, is so significant, and is so  meaningful that we ought to be allowed to pursue it peacefully, in  harmony with one another.   You know, Yale said of their policy that ``the law school cannot  prohibit a student from working for an employer who discriminates''-- that is their understanding of what religious organizations do when  they ask that the members of the organization share the same faith;  they call that discrimination--``the law school cannot prohibit a  student from working for an employer who discriminates, but that is not  a reason why Yale Law School should bear any obligation to fund that  work.''   Well, Yale Law School can certainly pursue its own beliefs, its own  objectives, and its own values, but why should they be doing it with  Federal taxpayer money? That is my question.   Yale University receives millions of dollars in Federal taxpayer  subsidies every year, which they use to pad their multibillion-dollar  endowment. Yale Law School, this seat of privilege, does not have to  accept this money from the Federal Government--I submit to you, is not  entitled to this money from the Federal Government if they are going to  engage in patterns of discrimination targeted at religious students and  religious organizations for special disfavor.   So I propose this: If Yale Law School and Yale University want to  pursue a policy of discrimination towards religious believers, they may  certainly do so, but they may not do it with Federal taxpayer money.   You know, Yale said at the end of last week that they would add an  exemption now. They said they would add an exemption for religious  organizations and religious believers. We haven't seen that exemption  yet. I notice that it took days of pressure and outcry for them to come  forward with this. I hope they will add an exemption. I hope they will  stop targeting religious students for special disfavor. But what I hope  above all is this: I hope that Yale Law School and Yale University will  recommit themselves to our proud tradition of pluralism, of diversity,  of the right to be wrong, which has been the basis for our civic  friendship, for our civic peace, for the extraordinary diversity of  thought and belief we so cherish in this country.   I yield the floor.   