 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I stand with my colleagues today to stress the  importance of fiscal health in our country.   There is a very real problem here. If we don't address it, we are  condemning our children to doom.   My colleagues across the aisle like to use the 12 years left  hyperbole to talk about the necessity to act on climate change, but  they ignore the fiscal cliff we are standing on, a much more imminent  threat to the well-being of our country and our people.   Instead of addressing the debt crisis, the Democrat majority chose  not to draft a budget at all this year. That tells us all we need to  know about their priorities.   Speaker Pelosi herself said: Show me your budget, and I will show you  your values.   So, without a budget, what are the majority's values?   The RSC budget addresses our deficits and aims to balance by 2025.  This budget refocuses spending on our core constitutional  responsibilities and limits the growth of government.   Forty-nine out of the 50 United States are required to have a  balanced budget, but the Federal Government does not have that  requirement. A budget that balances is the first and most important  step towards financial well-being for our country.   I spent more than 30 years as a business owner before coming to  Congress. In the business world, a company will fail if they  continually spend more money than they bring in. You just can't do it.   That is a foreign concept to many of my colleagues here. In fact,  several people in this building believe that the best way to address  our debt is to ignore its existence entirely. That is just simply  ridiculous. Problems don't just disappear. They don't disappear for you  or me. You have to take corrective action, and this budget does just  that.   The former Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis, testified that  our national debt is the greatest threat to our democracy. It is rather  chilling that we borrow money from other nations to fund things like  our military, who then must protect us from the very nations that we  borrow money from.   We can only defend ourselves on borrowed money for so long. What  happens when we run out of other people's money?   I find it interesting that Democrats only seem to care about our debt  after we start putting taxpayer dollars back in people's pockets. No  one is talking about the fact that Democrat proposals coming from  Congress will, alone, cost over $100 trillion in new spending. Why  aren't we holding hearings about that?   This budget is the only budget put forward in the House so far. It  deserves our attention and our consideration because we are the only  ones trying to right the ship.   