 Mr. President, reserving the right, let me share a story  of something that happened.   The timing sometimes happens at very inconvenient times, but on  September 7, 2011, I was in my State of Oklahoma and was in  Collinsville, OK. Probably not many people have been to Collinsville,  OK, but I have. It was the home of a really beloved individual and  family. The family was the Chris Horton family, and the wife was Jane  Horton.   I remember it so well. This was September 7, 2011. I was talking to  the group, and I was telling them that I was preparing to make one of  my regular trips to Afghanistan. At that time, I was not chairman of  the Senate Armed Services Committee, but I was a high-ranking member of  the Senate Armed Services Committee.   In the audience was Jane Horton, and Jane said: Well, if you are  going to go over there, why don't you go by and see my husband, Chris?  I said: I will do it. I found out his whereabouts, exactly where he  was. I got over there to look up Chris, only to find out that 2 days  after I made that commitment in Collinsville, OK, that Chris died in  action. Chris died in action. I was the one who had to call on and  share that with his wife, Jane Horton.   In fact, after that, we hired Jane to go around and help us with the  widows' benefits. Starting at that time, I was the leader and continued  to be a leader long before the Senator from Alabama was into this, and  he will agree that I was actively working on this issue.    I support and will continue to support the permanent fix. It is going  to happen. We are going to do it. In fact, I am the first Senate Armed  Services chairman to cosponsor this legislation.   Mr. Jones mentioned there were 75 people who cosponsored it. That is  I. I was on there on the initial legislation and will continue to be  and will always be, and that reflects my commitment to the permanent  fix.   Here is the problem we have. There has to be a fix, but it can't be  on this bill. The reason it can't be on this bill is because it has a  mandatory spending that has no offset, and there is not an exception to  this on the bill. This is part of the agreement in bringing the bill  up.   Now, what we can do is go ahead and do what is necessary with this  very popular cause, and I will be standing with the Senator from  Alabama to make sure this happens.   Let's assume that were not true, that we couldn't do it under the  rules. Under the rules, there is another rule that, if there is an  objection to any amendments coming up, then I, as the chairman of the  committee, if the party objecting is not here, I have to offer his  objection.   There is an objection to this, and I will therefore object and be in  the strongest position of helping this to become a reality. I owe it  not just to the many people I know but also to the family whom I just  referred to from Collinsville.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to vitiate the  yeas and nays on the substitute amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I and Senator  Jack Reed be given such time as we shall consume prior to the vote that  will take place.    Mr. President, in just a few minutes, the Senate will  vote on the final passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for  fiscal year 2020.   Throughout the last week and a half, we have debated the legislation  here on the Senate floor in a fair process. I thank my colleagues who  have supported this bill and have helped to make a better bill through  the amendment process. While I would have liked to have had more open  amendments--and Senator Reed and I both wanted to have more amendments  on the floor--we knew that there was a problem and that we could not do  that.   We are pleased that we will at least be able to clear the 93  amendments that we added on yesterday as part of the bipartisan  substitute amendment in the manager's package. These include the annual  Intelligence Authorization Act, the Maritime Administration  Authorization and Enhancement Act, and the Fentanyl Sanctions Act.   Ultimately, the job of the NDAA is to make tough choices about where  we want to invest our resources. We put our resources where they  matter--in taking care of our people, in implementing the national  defense strategy, and in applying recommendations from the NDS Strategy  Commission Report. This is something we have used as a blueprint, and  it has been very successful in taking us through this process.   Everyone agrees there are things that are going to have to happen in  order to rebuild our military. That is why our top line is $750  billion. Without that, we can't achieve the goals that we all know are  necessary. It also must happen as soon as possible. We can't delay on  this bill.   We still have more work to be done on the NDAA. We need to conference  it. The Conference Committee can sometimes take a little bit of time.  We know that is going to be done for us. We know that we want to get  this thing done by our deadline, which would be October 1.   In the month of July, we have to do a lot of other things. We have to  do annual appropriations bills. We have to do the budget deal. So these  are some of our most important responsibilities. We have to get them  done, and here is why: Things are happening right now.   Two days ago, MSG Michael B. Riley of Heilbronn, Germany, and SGT  James G. Johnston of Trumansburg, NY, lost their lives in Afghanistan  while engaged in combat operations. It was tragic.   Their service and sacrifice is a reminder of why this bill is so  important. We have to make sure our troops have the very best of  everything, and we are in the process of getting there with this bill.   Our prayers are with Master Sergeant Riley's and Sergeant Johnston's  families and loved ones. We will never forget their service or their  sacrifice that they made, reminding us that freedom is not free.   There is no doubt in my mind that the NDAA we are about to pass will  give our troops what they need, make American families safer, and  enable to us stand up for democratic values around the world.   Let me single out and thank publicly the next speaker, the ranking  member, Senator Reed, for being a great partner in this. We stayed  together on this. We had areas where we disagreed, but we got around  those, we got things done, and the end result is a very good one.   I know Senator Reed is going to want to recognize, as I do, the  significance of the staff we worked with and why that is so important.  Of course, we want to make sure people know--you know, Senator Reed and  I get a lot of credit for doing a lot of stuff that other people do. We  truly appreciate these people.   Let me list some of them. First of all, John Bonsell and Liz King  from my staff and from Senator Reed's staff. They are the ones who  really got involved in this, and we feel, without them, it would have  been almost impossible--along with other people.   We had John Wason, Tom Goffus, Stephanie Barna, Diem Salmon, Greg  Lilly, Marta Hernandez, Jennie Wright, Adam Barker, Augusta Binns- Berkey, Al Edwards, Jackie Kerber, Sean O'Keefe, Tony Pankuch, Brad  Patout, Jason Potter, J.R. Riordan, Katie Sutton, Eric Trager, Dustin  Walker, Otis Winkler, Gwyneth Woolwine, Katie Magnus, Arthur Tellis,  Leah Brewer, Debbie Chiarello, Gary Howard, Tyler Wilkinson, John  Bryant, Patty-Jane Geller, Baher Iskander, Keri-Lyn Michalke,  Jacqueline Modesett, and Soleil Sykes.   I have a few more so just relax for a minute.   I think the others are actually from the minority side, and I am sure  Senator Reed is going to be recognizing them.   From my personal staff, Luke Holland, Andrew Forbes, Leacy Burke, Don  Archer, Kyle Stewart, and Bryan Brody.   Lastly, from the floor staff, that is Laura Dove, Robert Duncan,  Chris Tuck, Tony Hanagan, Katherine Kilroy, Brian Canfield, Abigail  Baker, and Megan Mercer.  [[Page S4604]]    All these people worked hard. They are all a part of this team, and  it certainly goes far beyond just Senator Reed and myself.   I yield the floor to Senator Reed.   