 Mr. President, just for the record, a staff sergeant  just addressed a lieutenant colonel. She is beautiful, and she is also  very smart. I am glad to be in the military with her. I am glad to have  served our country and proud of the service she has given our country  and the service she gives to the U.S. Senate and the great State of  Iowa.   As chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I have had a great  experience the last few years pretty much lined up with what Senator  Ernst said.   When we got here 4 years ago in the Senate and took this committee,  the VA was a mess. Veterans services were not being met. There was  story after story after story of veterans not getting appointments  kept, the wrong tooth being pulled, the wrong leg being set, the wrong  disease being treated. Lots of hospitals had sanitation problems. There  were just a whole lot of things, and I said ``What have I gotten myself  into?'' because I came here to go on the committee and try to help our  veterans get better healthcare. Instead, I thought I was presiding over  the end of healthcare.   So we all set our minds--Senator Ernst and I, Senator Perdue in the  Chair now, and Mr. Scott from the great State of Florida--all of us  rallied and said: We are going to make this right. We are going to go  on a mission. Our mission is to make the VA work and make it work for  our veterans. We are not going to take no for an answer.   On the 6th day of June, a week and a half ago, we all celebrated the  75th anniversary of D-day. But it was the first anniversary of a  renewed VA--a VA on a mission. I am proud to tell you now that on the  first anniversary of the VA MISSION Act, which passed last year, we  have fewer complaints, more compliments, better reserve, and better  outcomes. We are working toward seeing to it that we have the best  possible healthcare we can have for our veterans.   I am glad to join Senator Ernst and the other Senators who will speak  about the promises of the VA system now being met for those who have  sacrificed and risked their lives for us, being sure they are given the  healthcare they want. We are doing it by applying the right types of  principles and the right type of can-do attitude.   Care in the community, which is a major portion of the MISSION Act,  was the most important part. Care in the community is basically all of  the services we put together to make healthcare accessible to our  veterans. We were having a problem with veterans getting appointments  within 30 days of making the appointment. We were having trouble with  veterans who live more than 40 miles from a VA hospital or VA CBOC to  get appointments in time in the system. We have had problems with  certain rare diseases and difficult problems only from the types of  warfare we are in today with IEDs and things like that to get the right  doctors with the right veterans at the right time.   Then, we had the problem of America being a country spread out all  over the place, 48 contiguous States from Montana to Florida. A lot of  doctors have to be utilized to get care to the veteran. It is the same  thing with Hawaii, the same thing with Alaska.   But we put the whole thing together in a care in the community  package, which started during last year and now is in full swing, and I  am proud to tell you--and I am sure I am going to regret saying this-- but we didn't have a complaint in the first week after the inception  last year about the system failing to work.   The access standards have been looked at and improved. We took the  mistakes we made a year ago and put the answers in place, solutions in  place. We did everything we could to make our mission a winner for the  veterans, and we did. I am here today to join my other colleagues who  are going to speak about the MISSION Act and about our veterans. We are  very proud that we took the challenge to see to it that something we  had promised them years ago--our vets--works and worked better for  them, and we will continue to keep that pledge in the years to come.   We owe no greater obligation than we do to those who served our  country in the military. Our obligation is to see to it that what we  promised them when they joined is what they get when they are in the  veteran status. As long as I have the ability to serve in the U.S.  Senate and as chairman of that committee, I will remain committed and  remain on a mission to see to it that we make that a reality for all of  our veterans.   With that said, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  [[Page S3825]]    