 Mr. Chairman, I am a cosponsor of the Violence  Against Women Act, and I believe that this is the most important bill  that this Congress will pass to protect thousands of women against  violence and demonstrate that we value the dignity of every human  being.   I was proud to work with the committee to close three potentially  fatal loopholes that allow abusers to possess firearms.   We closed the stalking loophole by treating stalking similarly to  other domestic violence crimes. Currently, 76 percent of women who are  murdered by their partner were first stalked.   We closed the dating partner loophole by expanding restrictions on  dating partners convicted of domestic violence from buying a gun.   We closed the temporary restraining order loophole by prohibiting an  abuser from getting their hands on a gun when a court issues a  temporary order, because this is when an abuser is most likely to lash  out and retaliate.   When domestic violence kills three women a day, we have a moral  responsibility to act.   Mr. Chairman, we cannot let the gun lobby scare us into putting their  interests above the lives of thousands of Americans. We must  reauthorize VAWA now with these increased protections.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I want to first recognize the hard work of my  colleagues--the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Jerry Nadler; my  colleague from California, Congresswoman Karen Bass; as well as all the  members of the Judiciary Committee--on the underlying bill.   My amendment would create a grant program for States, localities, and  nonprofits to establish and operate a lethality assessment program.   The lethality assessment program was developed in my home State of  Maryland in 2005 by the Maryland Network Against Domestic Violence.   Research shows that for one-third of victims of domestic violence,  homicide or attempted homicide was the first act of violence in that  relationship.   Research also shows that in the year prior to the homicide, more than  44 percent of abusers were arrested, and almost one-third of the  victims contacted the police about the abuser.   The lethality assessment program was developed to reduce the number  of missed opportunities to identify victims of domestic violence who  are at risk of being killed, and it enables them to take steps that  might save their lives.   The lethality assessment program is an evidence-based homicide  prevention tool. Because intimate partner homicides are predictable in  many cases, they are preventable in many cases.   This program is used in 37 States by law enforcement, nurses, social  workers, hospital personnel, caseworkers, and court personnel.   By simply asking the lethality screening questions, the trained  person conducting the screening educates the victim about the signs of  increased risk of homicide. The trained person then further educates  the victim as to how to remain safe, what options are available, and  what resources are in the community. The victim feels empowered to make  choices that increase their own safety.   The lethality assessment program is one of only two models of  evidence-based intimate partner homicide prevention to be recognized  and honored as a promising practice by the Department of Justice.   During my time as Lieutenant Governor, I supported expanding and  fully funding the lethality assessment program in Maryland because I  understood then, just as I understand today, that domestic violence and  violence against women is not just a woman's issue. Domestic violence  impacts all of us, families, neighbors, and entire communities.   As we stand here debating my amendment and whether to reauthorize  legal protections and resources for women, one in four women continue  to experience abuse or stalking by their current or former intimate  partner.   One woman of the thousands who are killed by a current or former  intimate partner every year was my cousin, Cathy. She was a 40-year-old  woman and a teacher. She loved her work, and she loved her  schoolchildren.   On the weekend before she was going to begin her classes, in 2008,  she was stalked; she was ambushed; she was tormented; and she was shot  and killed by her former intimate partner in front of two police  officers.   While there is nothing that will bring Cathy back, we have the  opportunity, right now, to pass commonsense legislation that safeguards  women and families from the horrors that Cathy and my family  experienced, and so many other families.   Domestic violence does not discriminate, and it is up to us to ensure  that our wives, husbands, partners, mothers, and children live their  lives free from violence.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  amendment and the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   