 Madam Speaker, when I made the decision to return to  Congress, I did so with a clear understanding of how important this  moment is for our country and the democracy of our nation. My desire to  serve has always been to help people who deserve an effective voice  fighting for them.   I did not come to Congress to impeach a president. Despite the  ongoing inquiry, I've remained laser-focused on the issues that I hear  from my constituents most often--access to affordable health care,  lowering the cost of prescription drug prices, passing common-sense gun  reforms that will make our communities safer, and addressing income  inequality in all of its forms.   My role as the Representative for Nevada's Fourth Congressional  District also includes faithfully preserving and upholding our  Constitution and the system of laws and norms that undergird our  federal government. Our Constitution clearly lays out Congress' role in  protecting our democratic institutions and the delicate balance that  exists within it. Today, the House of Representatives is voting to  uphold this solemn responsibility to hold President Trump accountable.   In an effort to fulfill my obligation to uphold our Constitution and  the rule of law, I have paid careful attention to the investigations of  the impeachment inquiry in the House of Representatives. The Committees  of jurisdiction and witnesses have brought forward evidence uncovering  the truth of President Trump's July phone call and subsequent  inappropriate behavior toward President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine.   It has become apparent that President Trump is a continuing threat to  our democracy and danger to our national security. He abused the power  of his office for personal and political gain at the expense of our  national security; he conditioned official acts--millions in military  aid and a White House meeting--for his personal, political gain; and he  attempted to cheat our democracy and corrupt our elections. And so  today, I will vote in favor of the two articles of impeachment against  President Trump. No one is above the law. Not even the President.   The first article of impeachment charges President Trump with  violating his oath of office by abusing the powers of the Presidency  when he solicited the interference of Ukraine in the 2020 United States  presidential election. The second article of impeachment charges  President Trump with violating his oath of office by obstructing  justice and directing defiance of subpoenas issued by the House as part  of its impeachment inquiry. This is no longer a question of facts, it  is a question of duty--my duty to this country, our Constitution, and  my oath of office to uphold that Constitution and protect our  democracy.   This decision took careful thought and consideration. When I made my  oath of office, I  [[Page H12196]]  swore to uphold the Constitution of the United States and to serve this  country. As difficult as this moment is for the country given the  political divisiveness, preserving the integrity of our system for  posterity is how I can best serve the interests of the people of  Nevada. I hope that following this vote I can turn my full attention  back toward the issues that matter to Nevada's working families.   My mission in Washington has not changed, and I'll continue to fight  for the issues that will improve the lives of my constituents. My focus  will be on their stories and passing legislation to positively advance  their futures. I will continue to work to lower health care costs for  all Nevadans, to bring down the cost of prescription drugs, to protect  our children from mindless gun violence, and to ensure all Nevadans  have access to well-paying jobs and accessible job training programs.  It is the honor of my life to serve the people of Nevada's Fourth  Congressional District and I will continue to put their interests first  as I work to deliver on their behalf.   