 Madam Speaker, I thank the budget action team chair for  this fine work and for yielding time.   We should be debating right now in Congress a budget. We should be  debating ideas from the Democrats, ideas from the Republicans, the RSC  budget. We should be doing that to develop a road map for the current  year and for future years for appropriations, what our priorities are.   You will note that we are talking about it, but it is pretty quiet  down here today. Why? Because, unfortunately, the leadership of the  Democratic Party has been unable to produce a budget. They can't agree,  even among themselves, what a budget should be.   I spent 35 years in private business. Budgets are pretty basic.  Without them, I don't know how you operate. Apparently, we are going to  try, and that is unfortunate.   My focus tonight is on the Federal budgeting and appropriations  process and what we need to do to fix it. We can fix individual items  in our budget, but long term, we need to fix the process, or we are, in  fact, as noted earlier by Mr. Cloud, doomed for some pretty dire  outcomes.    The Federal budget and appropriations restraints under current law  are totally ineffective. They simply do not work. And you know what? We  can fix this.   Virtually all Federal spending right now is mandatory. Two-thirds of  what we spend every year is called mandatory spending. It is on  autopilot.   Let me give you some examples of what that means. $2,523 billion is  mandatory. Our interest payments in 2018 will be $325 billion. I want  you to stop and think about what a massive number that is.   The Federal debt crossed $22 trillion last year. It now exceeds the  entire annual production of the United States and equates to more than  $67,000 for every American in this country. Over the next 10 years,  interest alone on the Federal debt will be the third largest Federal  expenditure.   Now, at home, if that was what you were dealing with, you would be  calling a debt counselor. If your interest payment alone was the third  highest expenditure you had--never mind principal, just the interest-- you are in serious trouble. Here, we call it government.   This process robs the American people of their voice, their  representation. Long term, it will rob them of the basic opportunity  for services if we don't get this under control.   The RSC ``Preserving American Freedom'' budget proposal and what I  propose address that issue.   First and foremost, we must address what is called mandatory  spending. Mandatory spending has taken on this huge component. As I  said, it is two-thirds of Federal expenditures.   We need to move everything except Social Security, Medicare, and  TRICARE to discretionary spending and require everybody in this room  and this building to vote, to put their priorities forward, rather than  have it be on autopilot.   The second thing we need to do is not have it simply be whatever we  spent last year. How much more are we going to spend? We need to  require zero-based budgeting of all agencies every few years--maybe 3  years because they are so big, frankly--where they have to justify down  to the penny what they are spending money on. Because you know what a  budget cut is in Washington? A budget cut in Washington is you get less  money than the increase you asked for and they tell you they took a  budget cut.   I spent 35 years in private business. A budget cut means you actually  spend less than what you spent last year. You  [[Page H3832]]  spend less money, less real cash, not that you didn't get as much as  you asked for.   Frankly, that is like my teenagers and allowance. Well, you cut my  budget. No, I didn't give you as much as you asked for.   Second, the next thing we need to do is we need to use a 51-vote  requirement for budgets, 51 votes to pass a budget, a simple majority.  We need to say 51 votes to make any change in discretionary outlays.  That way, in fact, we can manage our budget appropriations and not have  the system manage us, not have the Senate decide no, we need 60 votes,  and we just go along our merry way, putting out money hand over fist.   Additionally, we need to change a few rules about how we manage  ourselves. We need to require there be no recess until budget  appropriations are completed. Everyone stays here. Frankly, I think we  just lock the doors and stay here till we get it done because, far too  often, we will just do a continuing resolution.   You would be disgusted at the number of continuing resolutions that  happen for a week, 3 days. All these continuing resolutions, all we do  is spend the same money. So, sorry, no recess until we get it done.   Additionally, we need to withhold the pay for all Members of Congress  until we get the job done, until there are budget and appropriations  resolutions done for the year.   When we hit the time that we should be funded already for the year,  if it is not done, everyone on the payroll here that is a Member of  Congress doesn't get paid, because I know how to get folks' attention  after 35 years in private business.   There is one way to put it: Follow the money. Other ways are not  appropriate on the floor of the House, but you have the idea.   We have to address this issue. The only way to address this is to get  our appropriations under control.   One of the things I proposed, in conjunction with another Member, is  the Protecting Our Children's Future Act, which talks about these  changes that must be made in how we do budgeting and appropriations in  a process. Otherwise, we just do the same thing over and over again  here in Congress, and that, Madam Speaker, is the perfect definition of  insanity.   I appreciate the time to talk about something I think is so urgent  because, without this fundamental change, we are tilting at windmills.  We need to make this change sooner than later.    