 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to impeaching  the President.   The Constitution says that any civil officer, including the  President, may be impeached for treason, bribery, or other high crimes  and misdemeanors.   Unlike the Nixon and Clinton cases, there are no allegations that the  President has committed a crime.   We have had almost 3 years of nonstop investigations. We have had the  Mueller report, we have had the Schiff investigation, we have had the  Nadler investigation, and at no time has there been any evidence that  indicates that Donald J. Trump violated any criminal statute of the  United States.   So why are we here?   We are here because the majority caucus, the Democratic Caucus, has  been hijacked by the radical left. They have wanted to reverse the  course of the 2016 election ever since Donald J. Trump won that  election.   So let's look at these two phony Articles of Impeachment.   First of all, abuse of power. The phone call in question had the  President say, ``our country has been through a lot. I want you to do  us a favor.'' Not ``me'' a favor; ``us'' a favor. And there he was  referring to our country, the United States of America, not a personal  political gain.   He was not afraid to let this transcript go public, and he released  the transcript almost immediately after the call.   Now, the second Article of Impeachment, obstruction of Congress,  basically says that, unless the President gives us everything we want,  when we want it, then he has committed an impeachable offense.   That is a bunch of bunk.   Now, the President has certain individual and executive privileges by  virtue of his office.   Whenever there has been a dispute between the executive and  legislative branches heretofore, they have gone to court. The Supreme  Court a couple weeks ago said they would take jurisdiction over  deciding whether the President has to comply with one subpoena relating  to his tax returns.   Now, here, the Democrats have been bent to impeach the President of  the United States before the court decides this. This means that there  is a rush job to do this.   Why is there a rush job? Because they want to influence the 2020  elections.   They have spent 3 years doing this; they have spent millions of  taxpayer dollars, including the Mueller report, putting together this  impeachment; and they also have had this Congress wrapped around  impeachment and not doing their jobs until the dam broke this week.  [[Page H12136]]    Stop this charade. Vote ``no.''   