 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding me this time.   The first thing I want to say is thank you to Mr. Foster and thank  you to Mr. Hill for providing sterling, bipartisan leadership on this,  Madam Speaker, what I feel is one of the most pressing needs facing our  Nation today, and that is to equip our young people with the financial  education, the financial acumen of navigating what is becoming even a  greater, more complex financial system.   Madam Speaker, let me just bring this glaring statistic to drive home  this point to you, the Congress, and the American people.   According to the Council for Economic Education, just 17 States out  of the 50 States of our great Nation require students to take even one  course in personal finance. Just 22 States require high school students  to take a course in just basic economics, and then that course is  interloped into others and not even in and of itself.   Yet the financial decisions that our young people are asked to make  are immense, carrying lifelong consequences to consider in the  decision, first of all, of whether to go to college or not, how to go  to college, how to pay for it, and how to pay for the increasing costly  debt for this college education.   Consider the challenges that can come from balancing a starting or  beginning wage against the student loan debt or saving for retirement.  Or consider many of the basic kitchen table choices that families must  make each and every day to put food on the table, to buy or not to buy  an automobile, just the simple electricity bill. They would have to  make definite choices.   Consider the advantages that are afforded to consumers who do have  access to credit, how important that is. How do you acquire that  access, and how do you maintain that access for credit?   We are, indeed, a financial consumer economy, but we are basically a  credit-based economy, and our young people must gravitate and be able  to grapple with this in a responsible way.   In our increasingly complex financial marketplace, the value of  financial education has never been higher. Personal education is badly  needed.   To reduce debt, we would look at the debt that so many of our young  people start out with year after year even finishing college. How do  you manage that? How do you make those choices?   Financial literacy is the key to financial security not just of the  individual, because if we don't have financial security for the people  of our Nation, we don't have financial security for the future of this  great Nation. That is why this is one of the most important issues that  this Congress faces today.   I am so proud to join with my Republican friend and my Democratic  friend in showing the bipartisan way that we must go to solve this  problem and make sure that this generation and every generation coming  after them have the best financial education.  [[Page H3314]]        