 Madam President, in the United States, American foreign  policy is not determined by just one person. The Constitution makes  that clear. Article I grants Congress the power to declare war, not the  President.   Consistent with that responsibility, Democrats and Republicans in  this body worked together to pass a bipartisan resolution directing the  President to end U.S. support for Saudi-led hostilities in Yemen. I am  a proud cosponsor of that bill, which passed both Chambers of Congress  in recent months.   We made it unmistakably clear that our involvement in Yemen is not  authorized by Congress, but the President has chosen to sidestep the  bipartisan majority by not signing this bill into law.   In doing so, he is sustaining the crisis through the continuing  refueling of Saudi aircraft and other activities.   The American people are not asking the President for this. Taxpayers,  certainly, do not want to pay for it.   I serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I can assure you  that supporting Saudi Arabia's operations in Yemen is nowhere-- nowhere--to be found in our national defense strategy.   I urge my colleagues to reject continued support for Saudi Arabia's  military actions in Yemen. Congress must do its job and vote to  override the President's veto.   We have an opportunity this week to help make the suffering in Yemen  come to an end. Let's not forget that 22 million people in Yemen still  need humanitarian assistance or protection. More than 8 million people  still go hungry every single day. Sixteen million Yemenis still don't  have clean water, resulting in pervasive disease outbreaks. Children  are still dying every single day. Every 10 minutes, a child under 5  dies in Yemen from a preventable cause, according to the United  Nations.   For many people, their survival is a daily challenge and struggle.  Their future hangs, literally, by a thread.   In addition to disease, starvation, and displacement, the people of  Yemen are subjected to indiscriminate bombings led by Saudi Arabia.   Let me be clear. Bombs will not resolve this conflict. All parties  must come together and work toward a peaceful solution that places the  dignity of all Yemeni people at the center of those negotiations, and  we can help facilitate that. That is what the American people want.   If you go to Michigan, you can meet with some of the Yemeni Americans  who just want the same thing that everybody else does--help for those  who are suffering and meaningful steps toward peace.   American diplomacy can help to resolve this tragedy, and we must make  every effort to do so.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, one of the great honors we have in the  Senate is the tradition of bringing Americans of great reputation and  achievement before the Record of the U.S. Senate.   Today, I am proud to rise to speak about a personal friend of mine-- we don't often get to do this--a man by the name of Woody Woodside. He  is actually here with us today in the Senate Galleries.   Woody is the epitome of what makes America great. He is an  institution in south Georgia and in my hometown. Woody has never met a  stranger. He is a man of character and a joy to be around.   Woody graduated from The Citadel and spent 23 years serving our  country in the Army and the Georgia Army National Guard. He later  worked 13 years as a congressional staffer for Congressman Bo Ginn and  Congressman Lindsay Thomas, both of whom represented Georgia's First  Congressional District.   Woody then became president of the Brunswick-Golden Isles Chamber of  Commerce in Glynn County, where my wife, Bonnie, and I today reside.  During his 34 years at the chamber, Woody has overseen a number of  major economic development projects and been a true leader not only in  that community but across our entire State. Much of Brunswick's success  and, indeed, the success of our entire State of Georgia can be  attributed to Woody Woodside.   Woody is honest, persistent, and reliable. He knows how to get things  done. He knows how to laugh.   Woody has long been an advocate for Georgia's ports, and he played a  pivotal role in securing funding to deepen the Brunswick Harbor. That  project was completed in 2007 and enabled the port to specialize in  roll-on, roll-off cargo, like cars, trucks, and heavy construction  equipment. Because of that, today, the Brunswick Port is the No. 1 port  in the United States for new auto imports and the No. 2 port for roll- on, roll-off cargo in total. It is an amazing development in less than  a decade. This port is a major economic driver in coastal Georgia and  supports 11,000 jobs in the Brunswick area.   Woody has also worked to develop a strong and diverse base of  employers in the area. Today, Glynn County is home to the Federal Law  Enforcement Training Center, FLETC, which is the largest homeland  security training center in the United States. It is also home to  companies like Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a major medical  center, the College of Coastal Georgia, and a strong tourism industry.   One of Woody's top priorities is workforce development, and it has  been throughout his entire career. In 2009, through partnerships with  business and education leaders, Woody helped to open the Golden Isles  College and Career Academy. It was one of the first programs of its  kind in the entire State of Georgia. Last year, Golden Isles College  and Career Academy was named the best career academy in Georgia. That  is quite an achievement.   Clearly, our citizens, our community, and our entire state are better  off because of Woody Woodside's leadership, his dedication, and his  perseverance.   Woody, Bonnie, and I can't thank you enough for all you have done for  us personally and for the State of Georgia. We are proud to know you  and to call you our friend. We wish you and Ellen all the best in your  retirement.   I know this won't be the last time we hear of Woody Woodside.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   