 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise to discuss the Farm Workforce Modernization Act this  afternoon.   As I said during last month's Committee on the Judiciary markup, this  is an issue that is of great importance to me and to my district in  eastern Colorado. Colorado is home to one of the largest agricultural  economies in the country. I like to remind my colleagues, we have some  of the best melons in the world in southeast Colorado, and no one  bypasses a good Colorado steak, but to get this food to the table, our  farmers and ranchers need help.   I have heard countless times how our farmers struggle to find  reliable workers to plant and harvest crops. As we said during our  committee markup, my Republican colleagues and I are committed to  crafting a solution that ensures our Nation's agricultural employers  have a stable labor supply.   I appreciate my friends' work to solve a clear problem, especially  Chairperson Lofgren, Representative Newhouse, Representative Panetta,  Representative LaMalfa, and many other Members. I appreciate their  efforts to craft a solution that gives our agricultural employers the  labor, supply, and resources they need to keep America the world's  breadbasket. But this bill before us today is not the answer.   My colleagues will tell you how they have taken our concerns to heart  and  [[Page H10068]]  have worked to make the bill better, but this bill is still the same  fundamentally flawed bill that came before us in the Committee on the  Judiciary a few weeks ago. What is worse is that House leadership put  this bill on the floor under a closed rule without an amendment  process. There are a number of problems with the bill that a rigorous  debate and thoughtful amendments could address, but that will not be  happening today.   Most notably, we don't have the slightest idea of how many  individuals this bill will put on a pathway to citizenship. And while I  would like to think that all of our agricultural workers are  trustworthy, good people, we don't have any way to verify that before  granting certified agricultural work status.   The chairperson will assert that aliens seeking status under the bill  will need to have a clean record in order to be put on a pathway to  citizenship, but this simply is not true. H.R. 5038 allows an illegal  alien to receive certified agricultural worker status and get on a  pathway to citizenship even if they have been convicted of two crimes  involving moral turpitude, controlled substance violations, or if they  were involved in prostitution or trafficking. The bill also permits an  individual to receive status after being convicted of two misdemeanors  with a third conviction pending.   We saw the Democrats vote down an amendment from Representative  Chabot that would have made an alien ineligible for amnesty if they are  charged with two DUI's or one DUI with an injury. You can't tell me  that you are serious about ensuring only people with clean records take  advantage of this system if you reject amendments that bar criminals  from taking advantage of our system.   Additionally, H.R. 5038 allows individuals to apply for legal status  and a work permit, which is not limited to agricultural industries,  with little more than an affidavit claiming that the individual worked  unlawfully in this country for 1,035 hours or 180 workdays over the  past 2 years. This means applicants will have worked less than 6 hours  per day for less than 4 months over a 2-year period.   I appreciate that my colleagues heard my concerns and changed the  overall standard for petitioning to a higher standard preponderance of  evidence; however, the underlying provisions haven't changed. The bill  still allows an individual petitioning for status to meet that  preponderance burden by providing documents, including their own  affidavit of work history as long as those documents meet a just and  reasonable inference standard.   Let me remind everyone here that existing case law finds that just  and reasonable inference standard essentially requires adjudicators to  accept a petition based on nothing more than an individual's word. This  is the same evidentiary standard unsuccessfully used in the 1986  special agricultural worker legalization bill, which led to widespread  fraud, and even amnesty, for one of the World Trade Center bombers. He  wasn't an agricultural worker at all, but a taxi driver in New York  City.   Unfortunately, while I appreciate the chairperson's effort to work  with me here, this change won't solve these problems. My friends on the  other side of the aisle also rejected Representative Armstrong's  amendment that would specify that certified agricultural workers would  only be eligible to work in agriculture. While the individual may  receive status as an agricultural worker, there is no guarantee that  they won't immediately find a job in another industry as soon as  possible.   Additionally, the bill does nothing to stop potential Social Security  fraud. Individuals who have been fraudulently using a valid Social  Security number, sometimes for many years, to obtain a work status and  benefits, will get off without even so much as a slap on the wrist.   Furthermore, this bill fails our adjudicators at USCIS by preventing  them from accessing the most comprehensive background check databases  when determining whether an applicant for certified agricultural worker  status poses a public safety risk. We need to ensure our investigators  have all the information they need to ensure that we are not allowing  felons and violent individuals to remain in the country.   The bill also provides a handout to the trial attorneys and presents  an increased risk of litigation for agricultural employers by giving H- 2A workers a Federal private right of action. This provision ignores  the current H-2A program's existing administrative process to address  employment claims and fails to provide employers the opportunity to  cure violations before a suit may go forward. This is fundamentally  unfair to the hardworking farmers, growers, and ranchers who care about  their employees.   I ask my colleagues: Would you prefer having the problem fixed or you  just want to give trial attorneys another opportunity to sue?   Finally, the bill fails to achieve the desired results on a number of  provisions that have the potential to truly help our agricultural  employers. The authors promised to streamline the application process,  address wage problems, and provide year-round industries a lasting  labor solution. The bill streamlines data entry for H-2A applications  but does nothing to encourage concurrent agency review of H-2A  applications. This essentially speeds up data entry but keeps the  adjudication process exactly the same.   I appreciate that my colleagues codified H-2A procedures and included  a pool of 20,000 visas for year-round industries, including dairy  farmers and sheep and goat herders, but this falls far short of  industry's needs and fails to fix the problematic version of existing  law.   Once again, I am glad that my colleagues are trying to solve this  problem. I truly want to support the farmers, growers, dairymen, and  ranchers in my district and throughout the country. We need to find a  solution that ensures our agricultural employers have a reliable labor  pool. My colleagues and I want to strike an Ag labor agreement;  unfortunately, this bill is fatally flawed, and I must oppose it in its  current form.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McClintock), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Newhouse).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Yoho).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Upton).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho  (Mr. Simpson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs), my friend, who was a leader in Arizona in the  legislature on these issues and others and is known throughout our  caucus for his common sense and leadership, and I anxiously await his  remarks.    Madam Speaker, I have no further witnesses and am prepared  to close.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I include in the Record Ranking Member Collins'  statement.   Once again, I appreciate my colleagues' desire to fix this problem  and provide our farmers and ranchers with a long-term solution to the  labor supply problems in this country; however, this bill only masks  the existing problems and creates a whole host of new issues that we  will have to revisit in a few years, and it polarizes Americans  further.   My colleagues and I can agree that we need to fix this problem.  Potentially allowing criminals a pathway to citizenship isn't the way.  Allowing possible Social Security fraud isn't the way. Preventing our  employers from curing problems and giving trial attorneys a handout  isn't the way.   Madam Speaker, I truly want to help all of our farmers and ranchers,  but this bill is wrong, and I cannot support it. I urge my colleagues  to vote against the bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   