 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend not only for yielding, but  for his distinguished 4 years as the chairman of the Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. I want to congratulate  my good friend, the former ranking member and now the new chairman of  the House Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee as  well. They worked very well together over the last several years. I  know they will continue to work well together, and I know that we will  continue to do good work on that committee.   Mr. Speaker, to quote the great baseball player and American  philosopher, Yogi Berra: ``It's deja vu all over again.''   We considered this bill last week. The Senate told us at the time  that if we sent it to them, they weren't going to take it up; and the  President said, by the way: I am not going to sign it.   So what are we doing this week? We are sending the exact same bill.  The Senate has told us the exact same thing, and the President has told  us the exact same thing.   If anybody thinks this is accomplishing anything, it is not. Quite  frankly, we should be embarrassed as Members of the House of  Representatives to bring this bill to the floor.   There is not a single speaker in this Chamber today who had a single  thing to do with anything in this bill--no appropriator, nobody-- totally a Senate product. So every speaker who gets up and talks about  how important this is, literally, had nothing to do with writing it. As  a matter of fact, in many cases, they had to give up things that they  succeeded in getting into the House bill, both Democrats and  Republicans.   I think, frankly, candidly, honestly, any of us would admit the House  bill and the conference product that was finished is a much better bill  than this. If we are going to bring something to the floor where we  disagree, why don't we at least bring something we are proud to bring  here.   Nobody should be proud to bring a bill that actually cuts what the  House did in Indian healthcare by $135 million.   Nobody should be proud to bring a bill to the floor that cuts $26  billion out of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which we all agreed on,  collectively, and were concessions, frankly, that we were going to win  in the course of a conference.   So the bill is an embarrassment, and the outcome is going to be  predictable. The Senate is not going to pick it up. The President would  not sign it if it were sent to him.   So we have wasted an entire week. We have wasted the week because our  friends can't sit down and split the difference, which, by the way, the  President offered us in December. He asked for $5 billion. He told the  negotiators: I will take $2.5 billion.   Splitting the difference is usually a definition of compromise.  Instead, we hurtled on into a government shutdown that nobody in this  Chamber wanted, but we have a standoff at the top level.   I don't think anybody particularly looks good in this: the President,  the Senate, and certainly not the House. I would hope after we go  through this charade--and it is a total charade--that we get back to  work. If we are going to present something here, let's at least present  something we are proud of and that we actually participated in writing.   Again, this will end another sad week in this Chamber. I urge the  majority to get to work. Produce something that a Senate that is of the  other party will pass and that a President will sign. If you don't, you  are not governing.   To just be immovable and then point fingers as if other people are  responsible, people who actually offered you a compromise to split the  difference in December that would have avoided the entire shutdown, I  think the responsibility is pretty clear as to who brought the  government to a close, and that is our friends' failure to sit down and  negotiate seriously with the United States Senate and with the  President of the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I will oppose this measure and certainly will look  forward to voting against it in the hope that we will eventually get  back to the product that we wrote and produced and would actually serve  the American people better than this piece of legislation.   