 Mr. President, I am proud to join with my colleague from  New Jersey today in urging the Senate to take up and pass the  bipartisan Menendez-Cruz resolution affirming U.S. recognition of the  Armenian genocide.   From 1915 to 1923, the Ottoman Empire carried out a forced  deportation of nearly 2 million Armenians, of whom 1.5 million were  killed. It was an atrocious genocide. That it happened is a fact and an  undeniable reality. In fact, the very word ``genocide,'' which  literally means the killing of an entire people, was coined by Raphael  Lemkin to describe the horrific nature of the Ottoman Empire's  calculated extermination of the Armenians.   We must never be silenced in response to atrocities. Over 100 years  ago, the world was silent as the Armenian people suffered and were  murdered, and many people today are still unaware of what happened.   With this resolution, we are saying that it is the policy of the  United States of America to commemorate the Armenian genocide through  official recognition and remembrance. We have a moral duty to  acknowledge what happened to 1.5 million innocent souls. It is the  right thing to do.   I certainly understand the concerns of some of my colleagues who  worry that this resolution could irreversibly poison the U.S.-Turkey  relationship and push Turkey into the arms of Russia, but I don't  believe those concerns have any sound basis.   As my colleague from New Jersey pointed out, 12 NATO nations have  similarly recognized the Armenian genocide. Yes, Turkey is a NATO ally,  but allies can speak the truth to each other. We should never be afraid  to tell the truth, and alliances grounded in lies are themselves  unsustainable. Additionally, in the coming days, the Foreign Relations  Committee will be  [[Page S6875]]  marking up an enormous package of sanctions on Turkey.   The horse has left the barn. There is no good reason for the  administration to object to this resolution, and the effect of doing so  is to deny recognition of this chilling moment of history.   Let me close by echoing the optimism the Senator from New Jersey  expressed. We may well see an objection here today, as we did when  Senator Menendez and I previously came to the Senate floor and sought  to pass this just a couple of weeks ago, but I believe that in the  coming days and weeks, we will get this passed and that this objection,  I hope, will be only temporary. I look forward to the day--hopefully  very, very soon--when all 100 Senators, Democrats and Republicans, are  united in simply speaking the truth, recognizing the genocide that  occurred, and making perfectly clear that America stands against  genocide.   I yield the floor.   