 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The bill under consideration is an attempt to protect our elections  from foreign interference. That is a goal that I certainly share, and I  think all of us share.   In fact, I tried to offer an amendment to the bill that would have  closed a gaping hole in the security of our election system. It is a  weakness that basically rolls out the red carpet to foreign  interference. Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle blocked my amendment.   My proposal would have prohibited the practice known as ballot  harvesting, which is something that is only legal in a few states,  where literally anyone can collect absentee ballots. In California  where ballot harvesting is legal, anyone, including paid campaign  workers and foreign nationals, are allowed to collect an unlimited  number of ballots.   California Democrats have refused to put any guard rails on ballot  collection, leaving it wide open to fraud and abuse by both foreign and  domestic bad actors.   Every time I voice my concern about ballot harvesting, my friends on  the other side of the aisle and the media keep asking for evidence of  abuse.   Mr. Chairman, the reason there is no evidence of ballot harvesting  fraud is because California Democrats have designed a system that  doesn't collect evidence. If you collect ballots in California, you  aren't required to give your name to the voter whose ballot you are  collecting, and when you turn in that ballot to election officials, you  are not required to give your name at that point either. There is no  requirement to document the chain of custody of ballots. And there is  nothing in the State law prohibiting foreign nationals from collecting  and handling ballots. Let me repeat that. There is nothing in  California law prohibiting foreign nationals from collecting and  handling ballots.   You know, in reality, the only rule is there are no rules. Mr.  Chairman, this isn't the Wild West. We shouldn't wait for fraud and  abuse to occur before we act. By rejecting my amendment, Democrats have  not only left a door open to foreign involvement in our elections, they  have laid out the welcome mat.   