 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Alaska for her  leadership today; my colleague from Maine, who just spoke; my colleague  from Maryland; and all of my colleagues on the floor.   By the way, there are several Republicans who came up to me over the  last hour and asked: May I speak in this colloquy? We didn't have time  for all of them, but that is a good sign. It shows that there are a lot  of Members--16 here on the floor and many others--who believe it is  time for us to figure this out.   No one likes a government shutdown. I have put out a bill five times  now to the Congress to end government shutdowns. By the way, it is  getting a few more cosponsors now, and it should because this situation  doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense for the families who are  affected, including those who are going to work without pay and are  living paycheck to paycheck. This is true hardship. It doesn't make  sense for the taxpayers, who never end up winning in these government  shutdowns but whom we end up paying after the fact--often, for  government services that were never provided--because that is how  shutdowns work. Finally, it is bad for the economy. If we go another  few weeks, there will be one point off our GDP, which will be a huge  deal for wages and jobs and economic growth. So let's get this thing  behind us.   There is a serious issue here, which is, How do we secure the border?  Our southern border is a mess. I call it a ``crisis'' while others call  it something else, but we have to address this. The President is right  about that.   I am hopeful today, and I am hopeful for three reasons.   One is that we just went through a process whereby there was failure  on both sides. As was expected, we had two proposals out there, but  nobody expected they would pass. It was an opportunity, I guess, for  voices to be heard, but no one expected them to pass. After this, the  pieces are starting to be put back together by this group and others.   I just listened to my colleagues on the other side. I listened to  what Senator King said. They want border security. They want to enhance  what is going on at the border now. Senator King just talked about the  need for more barriers. I mean, look, if you are serious about this,  you have to acknowledge that twice as many people crossed in the last 2  months, which we have records for, than a year ago. There has been  about a 50-percent increase in families crossing and about a 25-percent  increase in kids crossing. There has been a 3,000-percent increase in  the last 5 years in people coming forward and claiming asylum. This is  a problem we have to address.   There is a huge problem with regard to drugs. I come from Ohio, where  we are getting hit hard by the heroin and crystal meth that are coming  across the border from Mexico. We are not stopping it--we are stopping  very little of it--which is why Democrats and Republicans alike have  said there should be more screening at our ports of entry. I agree.   So I appreciate what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  have said. I will let them speak for themselves in our going forward,  but they want border security too. I am encouraged by the fact that  they were talking about it today in terms of coming up with a solution  here to enhance security.   Secondly, I like the fact that the President put out a proposal. I  think he should have put out a proposal that was a compromise, and he  did. He said: OK, we are not just going to have more border security;  we are going to deal with about a million people who are in temporary  protected status who have come from these 10 countries. We don't want  to send them back because there is a war or there is strife or there is  a natural disaster. There are about 400,000 people.   We are also going to take care of the people who have come here as  children, through no fault of their own, who now find themselves in  this uncertain status. These are the so-called DACA recipients. I think  it is time for Congress to act on this.   Again, the President put forward a plan that said: OK, you guys help  me on border security. I am also going to deal with these other issues  that many Democrats have talked about for years.   That makes me hopeful in that finally we are talking about these  issues.  [[Page S564]]  I agree with what Lindsey Graham said in that we can do more on these  two and that we can do more on some issues that the Democrats care  about. I believe the administration is willing to do that, but, gosh,  at least we are finally talking.   Finally, I am encouraged by the fact that we are not that far apart.  Let me be specific. I think the administration and the Democrats have  mischaracterized the President's plan as it relates to barriers on the  southern border. It may surprise you to learn that in the President's  proposal he has just given us, it is not 2,000 miles of the border. He  is talking about his interest in 234 more miles. There will be no wall  in the sense of a cement wall, a concrete wall. He has said there will  be fences; there will be vehicle barriers, low barriers; and there will  be pedestrian wire fences. Yet it won't be done by what the White House  says is the right thing to do; it will be done by experts. The experts  are in the ``Border Security Improvement Plan'' that we embraced in  this Congress in the last appropriations bill for fiscal year 2018-- that we are working on now, which is what the CR is--and in the new one  that was passed last summer. We said this plan is the right plan  because it says what kinds of barriers are going to be where.   People ask, how did the President come up with $5.7 billion? Do you  know how he came up with it? It was from wanting to fund the top 10  priorities of the ``Border Security Improvement Plan'' that was put out  by the experts. That is what that is. We can disagree on whether that  is too much money, too little money, or whatever, but it is only 234  miles out of 2,000 miles. Almost all of it is in Texas, in places where  there are no fencing, as opposed to California or Arizona, where there  is a lot of fencing, or even New Mexico. We can say: Well, maybe that  is too much. Maybe we will go a little more slowly. But this is a plan  about which we had all--Republicans and Democrats--with a huge vote out  of the Appropriations Committee, said: This is a plan that we ought to  follow.    I don't think we are that far apart. Frankly, I think both sides need  to start characterizing the plan accurately and stop talking past each  other. I think if we do that, with reasonable numbers on both sides of  the aisle here, we can do something that makes sense, yes, to help  secure our southern border, which everybody wants to do, and to do it  in a smart way and not waste money.   Walls are not the only answer. Fences are not the only answer. You  have to have more sensors and more cameras. You have to have more  immigration judges, which Democrats want and so does the President in  his proposal. You have to have more screening for these drugs coming  in. You have to help in terms of the human trafficking. These are  things that both parties want to do.   So I am optimistic, although frustrated--really frustrated--by this  shutdown, but I am more optimistic today because I hear on the other  side of the aisle a willingness to come forward. I sense with the new  proposal that there is a willingness to reach out, and, folks, it is  time.   Let's stop this shutdown. Shutdowns are stupid. Let's protect that  southern border, and let's move forward on other priorities we have in  this Congress.   