 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, in recognition of its centennial  anniversary, I rise to offer my congratulations and appreciation to the  American Geophysical Union, also known as the AGU. Since December 1919,  the AGU has played an instrumental role in supporting international  cooperation while also fostering American leadership in the fields of  Earth and space science. Senator Murkowski and I introduced a  resolution in honor of this critical milestone, and I am pleased to see  the Senate pass it today.   The National Research Council created the AGU as the representative  for the United States of America in the International Union of Geodesy  and Geophysics in 1919. Only 1 year after the end of World War I, this  was an occasion for international cooperation that illustrated the  importance of bridging divides in the name of science. The AGU is a  prime example of our Nation's commitment to a vision of shared peace  and prosperity, and by serving as a key forum for gifted geophysicists  from across the world, it is an example of our positive role in the  international community for advancing knowledge.   In the century since its founding, the AGU has connected countless  geophysicists to facilitate information-sharing, peer review. and  innovation. The AGU today counts more than 60,000 scientists and  students among its membership, across 137 countries. Their work has not  only expanded our understanding of our home planet and the celestial  bodies beyond, but it has also led to critical health, environmental,  commercial, and technological breakthroughs. If we are to confront  climate change and other systemic challenges and, indeed, if we are  truly to live as stewards in harmony with our surroundings, humanity  needs the international cooperation and scientific integrity the AGU  demonstrates so aptly.   It is my hope that this resolution and the occasion of the AGU's  centennial anniversary can inspire us all to appreciate the  significance of scientific integrity and independence. Research from  the geophysical community has deeply informed our society on the need  for responding to pressing challenges, chief among them climate change.  But unfortunately, it is not always so easy. Under President Trump,  scientists have had to censor their work, voluntarily or involuntarily,  due to political interference.   Under the Trump administration, for instance, the United States  Geological Survey has opted to limit the scope of the projected  consequences of climate change through 2040, despite the agency's  historic use of models stretching through 2100. Perhaps more worrisome,  the White House released an Executive Order on June 14, 2019, that  instructs each agency to slash at least one-third of its advisory  committees, which consist of experts and scientists ready to advise on  a wide range of issues, especially for the Environmental Protection  Agency.   Through reason and empiricism, science brings us closer to the truth.  When administration officials or other individuals purposefully  interfere with science to paint an incomplete, inaccurate, or  misleading image, science ceases to be science and becomes just another  battleground for politics. Policymakers should not be in the business  of manipulating or silencing the work of the men and women who make up  the scientific community. We should let scientists do their jobs. The  AGU has done an excellent job representing many of those scientists  over the last 100 years, and I congratulate it on the occasion of its  centennial.    Mr. President, we need to pass the Combating Global  Corruption Act. Today, I join with my colleague Senator Young to  reaffirm bipartisan support for this important legislation.   Corruption threatens international stability and security and poses a  serious threat to democracy and democratic values. Ten days ago,  December 9, was International AntiCorruption Day. This day provides an  annual reminder of the dire need to prioritize combatting corruption  here in the United States and around the world.   Corruption undermines democratic institutions, it compromises the  rule of law, and it erodes human rights protections. It damages  America's global competitiveness and hampers economic growth in global  markets. It fosters the conditions for violent extremism and weakens  institutions associated with governance and accountability. These are  direct threats to our national and international security.   Earlier this year, Transparency International published its  Corruption Perceptions Index for 2018. It underscored that the failure  to curb corruption is contributing to a worldwide crisis of democracy.  Not surprisingly then, Freedom House similarly reported that 2018 was  marked by global declines in political rights and civil liberties for  the 13th consecutive year. Sixty-eight countries suffered net declines  in political rights and civil liberties during 2018, with only 50  nations registering gains.   We have all seen the headlines in recent years--from scandals in  Liberia, Hungary, and Guatemala, to the doping by Russian athletes and  their subsequent ban from the 2016 Summer Olympics and using aid to  influence other nations' behavior.   It is clear that where there are high levels of corruption, we find  fragile states, authoritarian states, or states suffering from internal  or external conflict--in places such as Lebanon, Afghanistan and  Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Nigeria, and Sudan.   Different domestic issues may have sparked the wave of massive  protests we are observing today--whether they be increases in gas  prices or metro fares--but many of these uprisings have been sustained  by public desire to weed out leaders' corruption. Corruption is no  longer being tolerated or excused.   Corruption operates via extensive and entrenched networks in both the  public and private sectors. It is ubiquitous and pervasive, but we must  address it. The costs of not addressing it or rooting it out are just  too great.   Mr. President, we must be clear-eyed--any fight against corruption  will be long-term and difficult. It is a fight against powerful people,  powerful companies, and powerful interests. It is about changing a  mindset and a culture as much as it is about establishing and enforcing  laws.   While previous anti-corruption legislation has been crucial, the  Combatting Global Corruption Act takes our commitment to this value  further by bringing a whole-of-government approach to the issue and  bringing more transparency to the instances of corruption going on  unnoticed in every country around the world.   The Combatting Global Corruption Act requires the State Department to  produce an annual assessment, either by a briefing or by a report,  similar to the Trafficking in Persons Report, which takes a close look  at each country's efforts to combat corruption. The assessment will  measure indicators such as transparency, accountability, enforcement of  anti-corruption laws, and the extent to which public power is used for  private gain.   That model, which has effectively advanced the effort to combat  modern-day slavery, will similarly embed the issue of corruption in our  collective work and make other nations more conscious of their  corruption levels.   The bill includes clear definitions of corruption and corrupt  activities and underscores the importance of prioritizing corruption  into strategic planning--across our agencies, bureaus, and our missions  overseas.   It specifically increases coordination on anti-corruption efforts  between the Department of State and USAID and formally engages our  embassies in the fight against corruption by establishing anti- corruption points of contact at our Embassies in critical countries.   We work across multiple agencies and in multiple offices to combat  corruption. The roles of these points of contact, comprised of either  the chief of mission or personnel designated for the role by the chief  of mission, will foster greater coordination on anticorruption efforts  within the U.S. government.   It is time for the U.S. Congress to send a strong message to our  Nation and to the world that corruption cannot be accepted as the  status quo.   It is time that we back up our words--our commitment to supporting  democratization, human rights, and fairness globally--with action to  protect those critically important values. Let's pass the Combating  Global Corruption Act.   