 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from South Carolina (Mr.  Duncan) for chairing this Special Order tonight.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to be a member of this House Energy Action  Team. It is a special coalition of Members of Congress who are focused  on energy policy. I was honored to be selected as the nuclear subteam  leader. This will allow me to do my part to advance our nuclear energy  priorities through Congress and allow America to remain a dominant  player in the global nuclear industry.   The theme for this Special Order is the American energy renaissance.   I have to tell you, after President Trump took office, the war on  energy and the war on business was over. It was like flipping on a  light switch. America was open for business again, and the American  people responded. We have the best economy in the world.   Since then, we have continued to invest in our own energy resources  and  [[Page H7233]]  have successfully made the United States energy independent. Who would  have thought that 10 years ago?   Georgia's 12th Congressional District is on the front line of the  American energy renaissance, with the first two new nuclear reactors  being built in the United States in the past 30 years at Plant Vogtle.   Just in March, I had the opportunity to be with Secretary of Energy  Rick Perry to see the placement of the top of the Unit 3 containment  vessel, truly a historic moment.   There is Secretary Perry, and there is the setting of the top of that  vessel.   Finishing construction on these two units means that Americans can  still do big things. I look forward to Units 3 and 4 coming online  soon.   Nuclear energy plays an important role in Georgia's energy portfolio,  as it accounts for more than a quarter of all power generated and is  the only clean air source that can produce large amounts of electricity  around the clock.   Georgia 12 is also home to all of Georgia's nuclear capabilities,  with four nuclear reactors, two already online at Plant Vogtle and two  at Plant Hatch. These facilities currently employ almost 2,000 people,  year-round, high-skilled employees.   The construction of Units 3 and 4 at Plant Vogtle is the largest  construction project in Georgia, with more than 8,000 workers onsite.   When we talk about clean energy in this country, we don't need out- of-touch, costly socialist policies like the Green New Deal that would  devastate the best economy in the world. We are talking about  unleashing private-sector innovation, like nuclear power.   According to the Nuclear Energy Institute, Georgia's nuclear energy  facilities alone avoid more than 21 million metric tons of carbon  dioxide emissions each year, the equivalent of more than 4.4 million  passenger cars.   It is of the utmost importance that we ensure these nuclear plants  continue to provide energy in a safe, reliable, and affordable manner.   Georgia has been selected 6 years in a row as the best State to  locate your business. A big reason for that is our low energy costs.   Overall, I believe we must continue to pursue a proactive,  responsible, and all-of-the-above energy policy that will benefit  hardworking Americans and lower the cost of energy in this Nation.   The House Energy Action Team will continue to be laser-focused on  continuing America's energy renaissance, and I am so glad to be a part  of it.   