 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to  the bill. It would not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If  adopted, the resolution will immediately proceed to final passage, as  amended.   Mr. Speaker, the attack in October last year against the Tree of Life  synagogue in Pittsburgh was a devastating assault on the Jewish  community. By inflicting violence on a neighborhood congregation's  Shabbat morning service, the gunman sent a bone-chilling message; even  in 2018, hate-filled individuals will attack Jews simply for being  Jewish.   The Anti-Defamation League believes that this is the deadliest attack  on the Jewish community in the history of the United States of America.  This tragedy is merely one part of an upsetting development that has  emerged in recent years, a resurgence of anti-Semitism around the  globe.   The Anti-Defamation League reported a 60 percent rise in anti-Semitic  incidents in the United States from 2016 to 2017.   In December, the European Union released a survey of over 16,000  European Jews, which reported that ``anti-Semitism pervades everyday  life,'' undermining European Jews' feelings of safety and security.   Mr. Speaker, we should all be alarmed by this international trend. No  one should be forced to live in fear of violence, or be deterred from  participating in their faith community.   The United States must remain a global leader, not only in speaking  out against anti-Semitism, but in holding those who enable these vile  beliefs accountable.   Our motion to recommit adds language to H.J. Res. 37 that affirms  that it is in the national security interest of the United States to  combat anti-Semitism around the world. It states that we must make  combating anti-Semitism a priority in all of our diplomatic  relationships; and we need to ensure that Jews around the world feel  safe in their communities.   Mr. Speaker, I remain deeply concerned by the measure the Democrats  have called up today on Yemen, but if this resolution is going to move  forward, it should do so while making a strong statement that the  United States has no tolerance for anti-Semitism.   I urge all Members to stand in solidarity with Jews around the world  and support the motion to recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   