 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this legislation led by  Chairwoman Johnson and Representative   Michael Waltz, which continues  the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology's bipartisan work to  support, encourage, and develop the next generation of America's  science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and computer science  workforce.   Minority-serving institutions, including historically Black colleges  and universities, Hispanic-serving institutions, and Tribal colleges  and universities have a long record of success in recruiting,  retaining, and graduating underrepresented students in STEM fields.   In my own district, I have seen the unique value of minority-serving  institutions. For more than 100 years, Langston University, a  historically Black college and land-grant institution, has educated  students of all backgrounds. They have influenced people's lives beyond  the classroom in service to the community in both rural and urban  Oklahoma. This legislation will help schools like Langston prepare  their students to fill the STEM jobs of the 21st century.   Since 1990, employment in STEM occupations has grown by nearly 80  percent. Over the next decade, with demand continuing to grow and U.S.  universities expected to produce only less than one-third of the STEM  graduates needed, the STEM shortage is anticipated to reach 1 million  professionals. At the same time, minorities are severely  underrepresented in STEM fields, only accounting for 11 percent of the  STEM workforce. To meet this growing demand, talent from all groups is  essential.   The Trump administration has also recognized this need by calling for  an increase of diversity, equality, and inclusion in Federal STEM  programs in its recent 5-year STEM strategic plan.   This bill that we are considering today takes steps to meet the  administration's call to action by providing for increased  transparency, accountability, and accessibility of Federal STEM  education and research funds for MSIs. Without a diverse talent pool of  Americans with strong STEM knowledge and skills prepared for the jobs  of the future, the U.S. will not be able to maintain the innovation  that supports key sectors of the economy, including agriculture,  energy, healthcare, and defense.   I, again, thank Chairwoman Johnson and Representative Waltz for their  leadership. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation, and  I reserve the balance of my time.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Waltz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The United States is in a race to remain the world leader in science  and technology. The only way we will win is by utilizing America's most  valuable resource, our people. This means developing a diverse, STEM- capable workforce at every educational level and from every background.   Creating opportunities for students to not only develop STEM  knowledge but also to have hands-on experience is essential. Research  shows that students, especially those from underrepresented minority  backgrounds, are more likely to graduate from science and engineering  programs if they have opportunities to engage in STEM course content  with peers, participate in undergraduate research, and join science  clubs and organizations.   This bill will support such STEM education and training activities at  MSIs, providing these students with the skills necessary to develop and  flourish in the 21st century. These investments will help grow our  workforce, improve our economy, and protect our country.   I, again, would like to thank Chairwoman Johnson and Representative  Waltz for their leadership, and I encourage my colleagues to support  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 4373, the Engineering Biology Research and  Development Act of 2019.   I was proud to join Chairwoman Johnson, as well as Representatives  Jim Sensenbrenner and Zoe Lofgren, in introducing this bill.   The U.S. was a key driver in biological innovation in the 20th  century, but there is increasing global competition. Other countries  recognize the benefits of biotech technology and are striving to  capture its potential through new investments and friendly regulations.   H.R. 4373 promotes a national research strategy around engineering  biology to ensure that the U.S. remains the global leader in biology  and biotechnology.   New gene editing techniques like CRISPR and the advancement of rapid  gene sequencing are driving innovation in agriculture, medicine,  energy, and manufacturing. We must keep pace and set a research and  regulatory framework that supports innovation and creates a marketplace  for new ideas and projects, while setting the safety and ethical  standards for the world to follow.   H.R. 4373 establishes a national engineering biology research and  development initiative to provide interagency research coordination and  develop a 3-year strategic plan.   The bill also authorizes research at the agencies under the Science  Committee's jurisdiction, including the National Science Foundation,  the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Department  of Energy.   Last month, the White House convened a summit with the Nation's  foremost bioeconomy leaders from industry, academia, and government to  discuss how to maintain America's leadership in biology for our  economic and national security. I hope that summit, along with this  legislation, will build momentum for a serious national public-private  effort to advance and protect the U.S. bioeconomy.   I urge my colleagues to support this good, bipartisan bill.   I would note to the chairwoman that I have no additional speakers,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In both the Agriculture Committee and the Science Committee, we have  discussed biotechnology research and regulation for years, but I can't  remember a more exciting or challenging time for the field than today.  H.R. 4373 will set a national agenda to advance innovation and help us  meet those challenges.    I appreciate the chairwoman and her staff for working with us and the  biology stakeholder community to produce a good, bipartisan bill. I ask  my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 2051, the Sustainable Chemistry Research  and Development Act of 2019.   H.R. 2051 provides for Federal coordination of research and  development for new innovations in chemistry, manufacturing, and  materials. This bill continues the Science Committee's bipartisan  commitment to prioritizing fundamental research that leads to new  technologies that will drive the American economy into the future.   Chemistry is essential to our economy and plays a vital role in  helping solve the biggest challenges facing the Nation and our world.  From farming to medicine, chemical manufacturing touches our lives  every day.   There is market demand for chemical products that use resources more  efficiently and are safer for both humans and the environment.  Consumers also want these products to be just as effective, or more  effective, than the traditional chemical products. H.R. 2051 will help  support the research, training, and standards needed to meet these  demands.   It is rare that a bill has the fundamental endorsement of both  chemical companies and environmental advocates.   I thank the bill's sponsors, Representative  Dan Lipinski and  Representative   John Moolenaar, for their leadership on this issue and  for developing a good consensus bill. I encourage my colleagues to  support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Moolenaar), who has been a pleasure to work with, both on  scientific matters and on a variety of financial service interests,  too.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, to ensure the continued leadership of the United States  in science and technology, we must invest in research that will lead to  the industries of the future. The Sustainable Chemistry Act of 2019  will keep our country at the forefront of chemistry innovation and help  create new products that will benefit all Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2051, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   How appropriate that today the House is taking up S. 737, the  Building Blocks of STEM Act, just as the Nation kicks off a celebration  of Computer Science Education Week.   S. 737, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, is important, bipartisan  legislation to improve science, technology, engineering, mathematics,  and computer science, or STEM, education. It directs the National  Science Foundation to support STEM research focused on early childhood  education and to award grants to encourage young girls to pursue  computer science learning. Studies have found that children who engage  in scientific activities from an early age develop positive attitudes  toward science and are more likely to pursue STEM expertise and  careers.   Across the country, the share of STEM jobs has expanded  significantly, with STEM employment nearly doubling over the last 30  years. Currently, there are over half a million open computing jobs in  the United States, in every industry and in every State. This demand is  projected to grow at twice the rate of any other field, and America is  failing to meet it.   We can succeed, though, and we can do it by encouraging children,  particularly young girls, in STEM in early childhood and sustaining  that interest as they grow.   More students with STEM degrees means more advanced American  technologies and a more robust economy. But it is not just about the  economy. STEM graduates have the potential to develop technologies that  can save thousands of lives, jump-start a new industry, or even  discover new worlds.   It has been shown that female students who learn computer science  before college are 10 times more likely to major in it. By supporting  more hands-on STEM engagement at younger ages, we are supporting and  investing in America's future.   I thank Representative Baird and Representative Stevens for their  leadership on this bill. The House previously passed this legislation  in July and sent it to the Senate for consideration. We are considering  it again today with some minor changes from our Senate colleagues.   I encourage my colleagues to again support this legislation and send  it to the President's desk for his signature.   Mr. Speaker, the love of learning starts young, and the Building  Blocks of STEM bill promotes this by prioritizing a focus on early  childhood STEM education. It gives us the opportunity to encourage  girls to get involved and stay engaged in STEM, helping us improve our  educational programs and diversify the STEM workforce.   Again, I thank Representative Baird and Representative Stevens for  leading this bipartisan bill. As the House did in July, I encourage  this body to again support and unanimously pass this legislation and  send it to the President's desk for his signature.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4355, the Identifying Outputs  of Generative Adversarial Networks Act introduced by Representative  Anthony Gonzalez. This bill addresses the underlying technologies for  digital content commonly referred to as ``deepfakes.'' This technology  uses machine learning to manipulate videos and other digital content to  produce misleading and false products.   These technologies are becoming more sophisticated and, in the wrong  hands, present a serious security threat. As we know, bad actors are  already using disinformation to disrupt civil society and try to sow  divisions among Americans.   H.R. 4355 supports the fundamental research necessary to better  understand the underlying technology, to develop tools to identify  manipulated content, and to better understand how humans interact with  this generated content.   The bill also tasks the National Institute of Standards and  Technology with bringing together the private sector and government  agencies to discuss how to advance innovation in this area responsibly.   I applaud Mr. Gonzalez' bipartisan work on this bill and his  leadership on the issue of technology and security.   I thank the chairwoman and her staff for moving H.R. 4355 forward.  There is a lot of fundamental research that needs to be done to better  understand the technologies driving deepfakes and their impact on  society. H.R. 4355 will help support that research.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   