 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this is day 23. For 23 days, we have had  a partial shutdown of the Federal Government. It is now the longest  shutdown in our history. That is not a proud record.   Government workers have now gone a pay period without getting their  paychecks. Those who have been working have picked up their pay stubs,  and their pay stubs show zero. Those who have been furloughed have not  received a paycheck.   I think the American public would be outraged to think that we are  asking our dedicated Federal workers--our frontline of public service-- to work and not get paid. That is not what this country stands for.   It has an effect on their work. It is difficult to show up every day  and do your work and mission for the public and be worried about how  you are going to have money to make your monthly mortgage payment or to  pay for your children's needs or to meet your medical needs or your  family's food needs. These are real decisions that government workers  must make. Many are falling in default.   The largest number of Federal workers live paycheck to paycheck. In  other words, they can't make it without their income coming in. That is  a fact of life for American workers. Yet the government is in a partial  shutdown.   I ask why? What is the disagreement we have here that keeps us from  opening the government? Why is the President holding the American  people hostage to his agenda?   I say that because the House of Representatives has passed over to us  a bill that would pass the appropriations for six appropriations bills,  opening up most of those Agencies, all except for one that comes under  Homeland Security. Those would be opened up. They are not in any  disagreement. The appropriations specifics were agreed to by the Senate  in four of those six bills, and the last two were passed out of the  Appropriations Committee 31 to 0 and 30 to 1. Under Republican  leadership, in a bipartisan manner, we have already approved these six  appropriations bills. So why don't we act?   I asked the distinguished majority leader for us to consider that  bill, and he objected. Quite frankly, I don't understand why, because  if we bring it up for a vote, we will pass it by overwhelming numbers,  and the government will open for those Agencies that are under those  appropriations.   Then, my colleague Senator Van Hollen asked unanimous consent that we  bring up a continuing resolution for Homeland Security, which passed  this body in late December by a unanimous vote, so we could have the  government open and then we could negotiate the border security issue.  We agree on border security for the country, but we disagree with  wasting money for a wall that will not keep us safe.   In fact, those who had been involved in negotiating border security  in the Senate have been arguing for spending more money for technology  and personnel but not for a wall. That is what we should be doing.   Some people ask me: Well, can you negotiate a compromise?   It is hard to negotiate a compromise with the President while he is  holding America hostage. It is hard to negotiate with the President  when he undermines his own negotiators every time we get close to an  agreement.   It makes no sense at all for the government to be shuttered while we  debate these issues. The only ones we are hurting are our government  workers, our constituents, and our economy.   Today, I met with government workers at BWI, or Baltimore/Washington  International Airport. I met with people who represent the workers who  are working for airline safety and for passenger safety on our flights.  These are people who do safety inspections. These are people who work  for TSA and who screen us as we get on the planes. These are air  traffic controllers, who make sure that the air is safe. These are  professionals who are showing up and working every day right now  because that is their professional responsibility--to keep us safe.   They acknowledge that they are distracted. They are distracted  because they don't know how they are going to pay their bills. They are  distracted because they don't know when they are going to get a  paycheck for working. They are distracted because they don't know  whether they have to find other employment in order to pay their bills.   They don't have the full complement in because there are some who are  out on furlough. Some safety inspectors aren't there. How do they carry  out their mission unless we have the full team in place?   Of the 800,000 Federal workers, approximately half are furloughed  without pay. That means the critical mission on behalf of the American  public is not being done--whether it is food safety, whether it is  approving a loan so that a person can buy a home, or whether it is a  small business owner who needs help from the Small Business  Administration and can't get that help, can't close on a loan, can't do  what they need to do, and can't run their business. So it is not only  800,000 workers who are not working or working without pay. It is also  those businesses that depend upon it.   When you look at the small businesses around Federal facilities, with  so many of the workers not being there and others not having money to  pay--they are not using those services--these businesses are losing  customers and are laying off people.   It is not hypothetical. We know of specific companies that have  shuttered as a result of the Federal Government shutdown. We know of  nonprofits that had to lay off workers because their contracts with  government Agencies expired.   Today, at BWI, or Baltimore/Washington International Airport, I heard  directly from these individuals. Each one had a story to tell about how  they are really fighting to make sure that airline safety issues are  maintained and about the challenges they are facing, et cetera. They  told pretty direct stories.   There was an AFGE worker there who told me of the situation where he  had to try to explain to his young daughter why he could not pay the  fee so she could continue in a dance class. He didn't have the money.  It broke his heart. These are affecting real people.   Last Friday, along with Senator Van Hollen, we met with a group of  Federal Government workers. We had a chance to talk to them. They are  from different Agencies. One was in the Justice Department. He is an  excepted employee. So he is there doing his work, trying to keep us  safe, but he said the necessary investigative work that should have  been done so that he could get his job done to keep us safe was not  done because the person who would be doing the investigative work was  on furlough as a result of the government shutdown. Why should the  Justice Department be shut down? Why? They are not part of the border  security debate, and yet they are.  [[Page S171]]    We had another of our government workers show up and say that they  could not settle on a home. They have a contract to settle on a new  home. They are starting a family. The reason they can't settle is that  they are required to bring in their two most recent pay stubs showing  that their income is what they say it is. The problem is their most  recent pay stubs--and they have them--show zero as income. They no  longer qualify for their mortgage.   These are real-life people--800,000 of them. Yet this shutdown  continues. It is dangerous. It is irresponsible. It is wrong.   We have the votes in this Chamber to change it tonight. I hope that  Leader McConnell will bring up the two votes that passed the House of  Representatives. We have already acted on those bills in the previous  Congress. Let us open the government. It makes no sense whatsoever. The  Congress is a coequal branch of government.   We know that what the President is doing is wrong. Each of us knows  that in our hearts. We know he has shut down government for no  legitimate reason. We can debate the issues with the government open  and prevent the loss to individual families and to our economy. We are  a coequal branch of government, and we should act. Let us vote on  opening government.    Quite frankly, I hope we will have the votes that would show the  President we would override any veto he may impose. That is our  responsibility as a coequal, independent branch of government. Let us  exercise our responsibilities, and let us take action tonight. This  shutdown needs to end. It needs to end now.   I urge my colleagues to bring up this legislation. Let's pass it, and  let's show that we can exercise our responsibility. We recognize the  President is wrong. We have a responsibility to do what is right, and  this is what we have done in the past.   I see my colleague from Maryland is on the floor. The two of us have  been pretty active over the weekend, talking with Federal workers. I  want to explain to the people of Maryland that we are going to do  everything in our power to open up government. We are prepared to take  all steps necessary to get government open. We know that people are  hurting. We know that people are worried. This is irresponsible. It is  costly, and it needs to end.   I hope President Trump will end this. If he doesn't, we, as a coequal  branch of government, should take the necessary actions to open the  government.   I urge the Republican leader to bring these bills to the floor. We  are for border security. We are not for wasting money on a wall. We are  for negotiating. Let Congress determine where money should be spent,  not the President. Let us all work together for the safety of our  Nation and for the protection of our workforce.   I yield the floor.   