 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4406, the Small Business  Development Centers Improvement Act of 2019.   Mr. Speaker, before I speak on the bill, I would like to thank  Chairwoman Velazquez for working with us in such a bipartisan manner.  It is surely refreshing in this age of intense partisanship to work  together the way that we do, and have for many years now, to improve  the programs offered by the SBA. So I want to thank the chairwoman  again for her leadership on the committee.   The Small Business Development Center program, or SBDC, is the  largest of the SBA's entrepreneurial development programs, with  locations in all 50 States and also in all four territories.   In fiscal year 2019, more than 250,000 clients received low-cost  training, and nearly 200,000 clients received no-cost business  consulting.   H.R. 4406, this bill, includes several updates based on feedback from  H.R. 1702, the Small Business Development Centers Improvement Act of  last year, 2018, which passed the House in May of 2018.   Over 99 percent of all businesses in our Nation are small, and those  businesses employ nearly 60 million Americans. The U.S. economy depends  on the success of small businesses. Providing support to entrepreneurs  and small business owners must be a priority for this Congress. SBDCs  offer that support. They offer minimal or no-cost business counseling  and training to would-be entrepreneurs and existing small business  owners, alike.   The support offered at these centers ranges from creating the  business plans to commercial promotion and branding and navigating the  international trade market. The importance of the assistance offered  SBDCs cannot really be overstated.   It is not just the single entrepreneur who benefits; our Nation  benefits as well. For every Federal dollar appropriated in the SBDC  program, $43.50 in new capital is generated. The legislation we are  considering today will only serve to increase the positive impact of  SBDCs to our entrepreneurs and national economy.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Maine (Mr. Golden)  and the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. Radewagen) for their hard  work on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We  have no further Members to speak on the bill, and I will be very brief.   The SBDC program positively affects hundreds of thousands of  entrepreneurs each year and offers a significant return on investment  for American taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipartisan bill, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4405, the Women's Business  Centers Improvements Act of 2019. I commend and thank the two lead  sponsors of this legislation, Ms. Davids of Kansas and Mr. Hagedorn of  Minnesota, for their leadership. This makes key updates to the SBA's  Office of Women's Business Ownership and the Women's Business Center  program, or WBC.   The WBC program funds more than 100 nonprofit organizations that  provide training, counseling, and technical assistance specifically  tailored to meet the needs of women entrepreneurs. Many WBCs offer  training at night or in multiple languages to ensure that women  entrepreneurs have the tools and support they need when creating or  sustaining a business.   Last year, WBCs trained over 114,000 clients and advised over 26,000  individuals. This training and counseling contributed to the creation  of more than 17,000 new small businesses in the United States. The  Women's Business Center program has a profound impact not only in our  local communities, but also on our Nation's economy overall.   H.R. 4405, the Women's Business Centers Improvements Act of 2019,  builds on H.R. 1680, the Women's Business Centers Improvements Act of  2018, which passed the House back in May of 2018.   This bill raises the initial 5-year grant amount and indexes it for  inflation. This minor increase provides new and existing women's  business centers with the support they need to provide an effective  course curriculum to small business clients.   Additionally, H.R. 4405 requires the SBA to establish a WBC  accreditation program. This program, similar to the successful Small  Business Development Center accreditation program, will ensure  programmatic consistency among WBC locations and guarantee that each  center is providing women entrepreneurs with effective training  opportunities.   These updates will ensure that the funds supporting the WBC program  are used efficiently to foster economic growth.   Mr. Speaker, it is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support  it. I, again, want to commend the two leaders on this important  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Hagedorn), the principal sponsor on the  legislation on the Republican side.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In closing, although a little less than 40 percent of all firms in  the United States are women owned, that number has increased by 114  percent over the last 10 years. With women-owned firms growing more  than 2.5 times faster than other businesses, it is important to  recognize women entrepreneurs as a driving force in today's economy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4407, the SCORE for Small  Business Act of 2019.   This legislation will allow the SCORE program to continue to offer  business mentoring and training to thousands of entrepreneurs and small  business owners each year.   The SCORE program currently includes over 11,000 volunteer mentors  with expertise across 62 industries that collectively provide more than  a million hours of business counseling each year.   When an entrepreneur seeks a SCORE mentor, they are purposefully  paired with a business professional with knowledge in a specific field  or experience facing specific challenges. This process ensures that the  goals of the entrepreneur are met by the volunteer mentor.   In addition to SCORE's mentorship services, the program also offers  in-person business training classes at its 350 chapter locations  nationwide.   Entrepreneurs can also utilize the extensive online training  opportunities and free business tools available on SCORE's national  website.   Over the last 50 years, SCORE has become the Federal Government's  largest business mentoring program with over 800 locations nationally  and over 11,000 volunteers. Last year, SCORE mentors provided  personalized guidance to nearly 140,000 clients. More than 400,000  clients attended online and local SCORE workshops.   This legislation will allow SCORE to continue to provide these  important services. H.R. 4407, the SCORE for Small Business Act of  2019, adds strict safeguards to core provisions of the SCORE bill  passed last year in May.   This legislation, offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Kevin  Hern) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. Craig), also establishes  strict new compliance and oversight requirements to protect taxpayer  dollars and sets new outcome-based performance goals to ensure the  program meets the SBA's standards and congressional intent.   These provisions will significantly increase congressional oversight  of the program and provide future Congresses with additional  information about the health of the program.   I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Kevin Hern) and the  gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. Craig) for their leadership on this and  also for their very thoughtful approach to the passage of this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Kevin Hern), who is the lead Republican  sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The simple improvements in this bill will allow the SCORE program to  continue its mission helping entrepreneurs to start and grow their  businesses.   With the vast majority of all businesses in the United States  classified as small, it is vital that these business owners have access  to effective entrepreneurial resources. H.R. 4407 would ensure that,  regardless of location, a small business owner can access SCORE  mentoring and training.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4387. This bipartisan  legislation codifies the SBA's Growth Accelerator Fund Competition.   Since 2014, the SBA's Office of Investment and Innovation has run a  yearly competition to identify the Nation's best small business  accelerators and incubators. The competition has proven successful over  the past 5 years, and I expect that will continue to be successful  during the authorization period.   The accelerators that win these awards represent a broad set of  industries and sectors, from manufacturing to tech startups, to farming  with a diversified range of demographic groups.   The winners are selected through a two-tier review panel process and  are evaluated by experts in entrepreneurship, investing, and business  plans, both inside and outside Federal Government. The expert judges  review applications and pitch videos submitted by the finalists.   I am proud to say that three Cincinnati organizations have won an  award prize since the initiative's inception: The Brandery, First  Batch, and Mortar. These award dollars have been reinvested in small  business clients in Cincinnati communities.   As an authorized program rather than an SBA Administrator initiative,  the competition will now be subject to greater congressional oversight.   I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Espaillat) and my  fellow Ohioan, Mr. Balderson, for their leadership on this bill. Their  hard work on this bill has been informed by oversight findings, program  feedback, and agency transparency.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation has my full support. I urge its  adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   The Growth Accelerator Fund Competition at the SBA draws attention  and funding to parts of the country where there are gaps in the  entrepreneurial ecosystem. This bipartisan bill, while congressionally  authorizing an already successful program, will provide for increased  reporting and better metrics to gauge program outcomes and will provide  budding entrepreneurs with greater resources to build our communities.   This bill is a product of our bipartisan work at the Small Business  Committee, and I want to thank all of our members, both Democratic and  Republican, for their excellent work on this legislative package, as  well as our chairwoman, Ms. Velazquez, and her staff for working with  our staff in a very cooperative, bipartisan way.   It would be great if the rest of the House worked as well as this  committee does. I think it is the best committee in Congress. I am on  Judiciary and Foreign Affairs, too, so they may not like that, but this  is a really bipartisan committee, and it is a real joy to be on it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge this bill's adoption, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   