 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to use my  leader time.    Madam President, this week we observe National Police  Week, which is an annual gathering of tens of thousands of law  enforcement personnel right here in our Nation's Capital. America will  pay special tribute tomorrow to the service and sacrifice of our fallen  officers as we mark Peace Officers Memorial Day.   Officers from all around the country will join together to honor  their brothers and sisters in uniform who have made the ultimate  sacrifice, and the rest of the Nation will remember how blessed we are  by the selfless sacrifices of this ``thin blue line'' that protects our  families and keeps our communities safe.   I extend a warm welcome to the many Kentuckians who have traveled  here this week, and along with them, I am thinking especially of four  of their comrades whose names will be added to the National Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial this year: Hickman police officer Rodney  Smith, whose patrol car was washed into a field while he was checking  on members of his community during a flood; Patrolman Scotty Hamilton,  of the Parkville Police Department, who was murdered while he was  investigating a suspicious vehicle for narcotics activity; Hopkinsville  police officer Phillip Meacham, who was shot and killed while off duty  as he assisted a fellow officer; and Louisville Metro Police Department  detective Deidre Mengedoht, who was struck and killed while conducting  a traffic stop on Christmas Eve.   With more than three decades of combined service, these heroic  Kentuckians left behind spouses, children, and an entire Commonwealth  that mourns their tragic losses. It is my honor to have represented  them in the Senate and to represent all those who wear the uniform. It  was an honor to proudly cosponsor the resolution designating this as  National Police Week.   I also pause to recognize the U.S. Capitol Police, whose officers  protect all of us in this building every day. Their professionalism and  dedicated service make our democracy possible and allow millions of  visitors to observe their government up close each year.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning  business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes  each.    Madam President, I understand that there are two bills  at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc.    I now ask for a second reading, and I object to my own  request, all en bloc.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 209, submitted earlier  today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 210, submitted earlier  today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 82, S.  1231.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  amendments be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  [[Page S2838]]  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, May 15; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, morning business be closed, and the Senate proceed to  executive session and resume consideration of the Lee nomination.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the  previous order, following the remarks of our Democratic colleagues.   