 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of our Subcommittee  on Communications and Technology for all the work that he has done on  this net neutrality legislation.   We are here today to debate and vote on a bill that will keep the  internet free and open. That sounds like a big deal, and it is a big  deal.   The Save the Internet Act ensures that consumers, rather than  internet service providers, have control over their internet  experience. This is just common sense. Each of us should be able to  decide what videos we watch, which sites we read, and which services we  use. Nobody should be able to influence that choice--not the government  and not the large companies that run the networks.   This legislation not only protects consumers from large corporations,  but it also strengthens our economy by promoting innovation and small  businesses. Net neutrality ensures that any business, no matter how  small, gets the same internet at the same speeds as giant corporate  interests. That is only fair. There should not be favorites.   H.R. 1644 will return strong net neutrality protections to the  internet. For over a decade, both Republican and Democratic FCCs  restricted ISPs' ability to control consumer access to the internet and  undermine small businesses' ability to compete. The Trump FCC  affirmatively gave up that authority in 2017, choosing the big  companies over the people.   The bill before us would return the FCC to its traditional role of  overseeing the Nation's channels of communications. This is a carefully  crafted bill that balances the need to put a cop on the beat without  weighing down the industry. We are preventing blocking, throttling, and  paid prioritization, and we are giving the FCC the authority to stop  harmful practices in the future that are unjust or unreasonable.   The American people, Mr. Chairman, both Democrats and Republicans,  overwhelmingly support restoring net neutrality. That makes sense. We  all want to control our own internet experience.   Again, I thank Chairman Doyle for his leadership. Let me also take a  moment to recognize the hard work of the committee staff, Alex Hoehn- Saric, Jerry Leverich, Jennifer Epperson, AJ Brown, Dan Miller, and  Phil Murphy.   I strongly urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Save the  Internet Act.   