 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, no matter how intractable something might  seem, the Senate is the Senate, and we should be the conscience of the  Nation, and we can work things out.   One of my closest friends in this body is the distinguished senior  Senator from Alabama, Mr. Shelby. He and I were talking just a couple  of minutes ago. We know that we can get these things done. The Senate  can be the conscience of the Nation. There are 100 men and women of  both parties who are here because they love this country, and they want  it to be better.   Now let's just sit down and do our work. Senator Shelby and I got  every single appropriations bill last year through our committee,  virtually unanimously in most cases. It worked. We proved it could  work. It hadn't been done for years. We proved it could be done.   We did not do it with press conferences. We did not do it with  gimmicks. We did not do it with histrionics. We did it with hard work,  sometimes late into the night.   I say that in light of what we have seen during the Trump shutdown.  For 35 days, President Trump robbed hundreds of thousands of American  families of their paychecks and forced dedicated public servants-- professionals--to turn to food banks and unemployment benefits to feed  and support their families.   For 35 days, President Trump denied millions of taxpaying Americans  access to public services. For 35 days, President Trump inflicted pain  on the American people.   Anyone who has taken the time for the briefing knows it has  compromised our national security. And for what?   The rest of the world looks at us and sees us as being weak. Our  enemies have been able to exploit the fact that we have had this  shutdown. And for what?   All of this pain and suffering is going to end now, right where it  began.   On December 19 of last year, the Senate passed a bill by voice vote  to fund the government to February 8. Virtually every Republican and  every Democrat supported it, and it is nearly what the President has  proposed today. We in the Senate did that back on December 19. The  President was going to support it. He was then criticized by some in  the conservative media, and he thought he had to break his word and  precipitate this national crisis.   Dozens of Vermonters have contacted my office to share the pain the  Trump shutdown inflicted on their lives.   Northfield, VT, is one of our prettiest towns. It is not far from  where I was born. A number of my ancestors settled in that area.   A Vermont family there found they could not complete their U.S.  Department of Agriculture 502 direct home loan, and that closed the  door on the American dream of owning a home, something so many  Vermonters dream of.   A small business owner in Brattleboro, who employs Vermonters  [[Page S677]]  and shows entrepreneurship is alive and well in our small State, wrote  my office. What happened? He could not get the Department of  Agriculture--because they were not there--to approve the packaging on  their new products, and it crippled their growth in a competitive  market.   A Vermonter in the Coast Guard was worried about how he and his  shipmates would make ends meet.   These are real people who have suffered real consequences, and for  what? For what?   The shutdown was the American crisis. It was our national emergency-- not the southern border, where apprehensions have dropped 75 percent  since 2000, and the majority of the people apprehended at our borders  today are families--women and children feeling violence in their own  countries.   In this great country, which we are all proud to serve, the Trump  shutdown should never have happened, and it never should have dragged  on for 35 days.   I hope the President is learning that Congress is a coequal branch of  government. The American people are not pawns to be played with for  political gain.   I told Chairman Shelby that I will continue my bipartisan work with  him to make responsible investments in the American people and border  security, and I pray that President Trump does not repeat this national  embarrassment.   I am proud to be an American. I am proud to be a U.S. Senator in a  body that should be the conscience of the Nation. But I see how people  around the world are laughing at our country when the most powerful-- the most powerful--Nation on Earth is being crippled because of a whim  and a tweet. That is not the America I know and love. We are a great  country. Only we can make it less great.   The shutdown has damaged us. It has damaged us internally. It has  damaged our security. It has damaged our reputation around the rest of  the world.   So I hope we will promptly vote to reopen the government and end this  national nightmare. I am prepared to work. As dean of the Senate, as  Vice Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, I am willing to work  with my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to make sure this  foolish escapade doesn't happen again.   I see other Senators on the floor.   I yield the floor.   