 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise because I love my  country. And I rise today because we are witnessing clear and  convincing evidence of a Presidential coverup. We are witnessing this  evidence live and in living color on national TV.   Just yesterday, before the Judiciary Committee, two witnesses did not  appear pursuant to the coverup, and the one who did appear brought with  him the clear and convincing evidence. He brought with him a letter  from the President of the United States, by and through his agents,  that indicates that he should not give certain testimony--clear and  convincing evidence of a coverup.   The President of the United States is engaged in a continuation of  obstruction that is creating the coverup. He obstructed. This is why we  are having the Judiciary Committee hearings, in part.   He continues his obstruction, which means he is covering up. We  cannot allow this to continue.   The President is making a bet. The President's bet is this: The  President is betting that we will put politics above principle, that we  will not use Article II, section 4 of the Constitution as the radical  Republicans did in 1868 to impeach President Johnson for merely  speaking ill of Congress.   He is betting we won't use that. He is betting we won't put the  principle above the politics. He believes that we will put winning the  next election above the Constitution of the United States of America.  He believes that we are going to put the politics above the moral  imperative to do that which we know should be done when a President has  committed impeachable acts.   I believe that we will not be driven by the polls. We will not. Those  who  [[Page H7758]]  crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge weren't driven by the polls. They were  driven by a moral authority that they had to do that which was right,  and we must do the right thing, too.   We cannot be driven by polls. We must drive the polls. We must stand  on principle. We will not allow the next election to determine what we  will do now.   Mr. Speaker, it is a risky thing to make this kind of decision. You  don't know what the next election will bring. You have to use this  power that the voters have given us, the constituents have given us,  the people of this country have given us to do that which is right.   We must impeach this President. If we don't impeac him, Article II,  section 4 of the Constitution will become meaningless. There will be no  guardrails. There are none now, as he sees it, because he has made a  bet.    Well, I am betting that this Congress will do the right thing. I am  betting that we are going to put principle above politics and the  people of this country above our political parties. I am betting we are  not going to try to save a few people at an election at the expense of  all the people who are suffering because of the coverup and because of  the insidious discrimination this President is perpetrating upon this  country and his policies.   I am betting on the American people. I am betting that the American  people will stand with us. I am also betting that principle above all  is what we must stand with.   