 Madam President, this afternoon the Senate will vote on  permanent reauthorization of the September 11th Victim Compensation  Fund. I am proud to lead this legislation with Senator Gillibrand, and  I thank all of the incredible first responders for their efforts to  make this day happen and, day in and day out, to get this legislation  to where it is today.   This critical legislation would fully fund the September 11th Victim  Compensation Fund and ensure that all those exposed to toxins and  impacted by 9/11-related illnesses are thoroughly compensated, both now  and as conditions are diagnosed in the future.   Solving this problem is urgent as more and more people become sick-- people like Luis Alvarez, who came to Washington, DC, just a few months  ago, postponing chemotherapy treatment to advocate for his fellow  heroes. Luis is not here to watch from the Gallery today. He is  watching from above.   As we celebrate this vote today, we celebrate the lives of people  like Luis Alvarez.   The Never Forget the Heroes: James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Luis  Alvarez Permanent Authorization of the September 11th Victim  Compensation Fund Act is named in honor of these three first responders  who lost their lives to 9/11-related illnesses. Today, the Senate has  an opportunity to honor these three and so many others we have lost who  never stopped fighting for 9/11 first responders and the country they  loved by voting yes on this critical legislation.   I have shared with many of my colleagues that I never had the  privilege of going to New York City before September 11, 2001, but I  will never forget my first visit after September 11, 2001. It was just  a few weeks after the attack had happened. I will never forget the  smell. I will never forget the smoke coming out of the debris piles. I  will never forget the silent firetrucks--their lights on but no siren-- as they delivered even more heroes to the recovery efforts at Ground  Zero. I will never forget the fierce dedication of the men and women  who came when they were called, watching the firetrucks with their  flags heading to continue the work that by then had become so  emblazoned in people's minds across this country.   The work they did in those days, those weeks, and those months wasn't  just for those in Manhattan who suffered an incredible loss. The work  they carried forward for our country became symbols of our security,  symbols of our freedoms, symbols of this country's willingness,  determination, effort, and tenacity to fight back.   Law enforcement officers and firefighters from across the Nation,  including the West Metro Fire Rescue in Colorado, home of Colorado Task  Force 1, have been tireless advocates for this effort. Every State has  people who served in one capacity or another during the rescue and  recovery operations of September 11.   West Metro Fire District chief Steve Aseltine was one of 64  Coloradans with Colorado Task Force 1 who participated, as he said,  searching through the rubble piles. Steve said: No one should be at  risk of standing up and worrying, when this country needs them the  most, whether the American Government has their back.   If passed today, without amendments, the legislation will head  straight to the President's desk for his signature. So I urge my  colleagues today not to forget, to pass a clean bill, and to join me in  opposing both amendments, and to stand with all of our first responders  and heroes from that tragic day for this bill's final passage and  ultimate enactment.   I urge this Chamber to support those who have given so much to this  country.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   