 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman O'Halleran for leading  this Blue Dog Special Order on a very important issue affecting rural  America.   The Blue Dogs, obviously, represent the breadth and width and  diversity of our country, but many of us represent rural areas.  Healthcare for every American is a critical need, a critical issue.   In 2010, before the Affordable Care Act became law, in the district  that I represent in California, in the San Joaquin Valley, 22 percent  of my constituents had no healthcare insurance whatsoever, and 17  percent were underinsured.   The Affordable Care Act has a number of areas where we could provide  improvements if we could get bipartisan agreement, but the fact is that  we have the ability to protect individuals who have preexisting  conditions; children can be on their parents' healthcare insurance  until the age of 25; things have really expanded with Medicaid and  Medicare; and, what often gets overlooked, $8 billion was provided in  the Affordable Care Act for rural healthcare clinics across America.   What does this mean in my district, a district that represents one of  the richest agricultural regions in the entire country and the world?  We have gone, in 9 years, from 22 percent underinsured to 10 percent  underinsured. We have cut the number of people who have no insurance by  more than half. We have reduced the level of those who are  underinsured.   In addition, clinics in my area, Camarena, Livingston, Golden Valley,  Clinica Sierra, to mention at least four or five, have all expanded  their rural healthcare clinics to provide more healthcare for people  who live in rural areas, from prenatal to elderly and everything in  between.    In addition, they have done innovative things like other clinics  across America. They have put healthcare clinics in high schools and  middle schools, which has provided greater access to healthcare.   We have made a difference. We have improved the level of healthcare.  But the reality is this: For three decades, the number of hospitals in  rural areas in our country has declined at a steep pace. Among the 50  rural hospitals in California, more than a dozen have closed since the  early 2000s.   It also has been devastating not only to the level of healthcare but  to the residents who live in those communities, hardworking people who  contribute to our economy every day, part of our farm communities.   I think it is important to note that for every 1,000 people in the  place I  [[Page H9159]]  live, we have 0.9 physicians. Anywhere else in California, for every  1,000 people, there are 2.2 physicians, twice as many physicians.   While this is an important part of improving healthcare, we also need  to get medical schools. That is something that I have worked on. I have  worked on trying to get additional medical schools not only across the  country but in the San Joaquin Valley.   We know that if you get a medical school there, it provides an  opportunity for students who graduate from that medical school to  practice in the area in which they have graduated.   We have proof of that. We have residency programs that I have been  very supportive of with the University of California, San Francisco,  UCSF, which has over 280 residents who are being trained in the valley  right now. Over half of those physicians over the last 40 years who  have graduated from that residency program have stayed to practice in  our valley. So a medical school is an important part of an overall  strategy.   As Blue Dogs, we want to continue to support expanded healthcare  throughout our rural areas. This is something I believe Democrats and  Republicans can come together on in a bipartisan manner.   These are many ways in which we can work to ensure that rural America  gets reliable, affordable healthcare that they deserve, like every  other American. That is why Blue Dogs are speaking out on this issue  today.   Since taking office, this administration, sadly, has made repeated  efforts to eliminate the Affordable Care Act without putting anything  in its place. That makes no sense. That makes no sense whatsoever.   Just this week, we voted on a continuing resolution to keep  government open for the next 6 weeks. We should have a real budget in  place at this time. It is irresponsible to ever, as the President did  earlier this year, shut down government. But in this continuing  resolution, we have funding to ensure that our community health centers  keep receiving the funding they need to stay open and serve their  patients.   This year alone, Congress has voted on 10 different proposals to  improve healthcare and stabilize the Affordable Care Act for American  families. They are over in the Senate right now. Sadly, instead of  taking action, Senator Mitch McConnell refuses to bring up these good  measures.   We could be lowering the cost of prescription drugs, which affects  all Americans, whether you live in rural areas or urban areas, and  ensuring that we protect those who have preexisting conditions,  preexisting conditions of heart disease, cancer, diabetes.   These bills, sadly, are collecting dust on the majority leader's  desk.   I want to close by saying, as a 15-year member of the Blue Dog  Coalition, our caucus stands together to try to improve healthcare for  all Americans.   For those of us who represent rural America, like Congressman  O'Halleran, myself, and many others, it is important to note that we  must improve our healthcare system for the people who live in our rural  areas.   It is time for the Senate to do their job and pass these important  bills.   We will continue to work to try to expand access to healthcare in  rural areas with our clinics and to create medical schools in areas  that are significantly underserved.   While we continue to patiently ask the Senate to act, I know the Blue  Dogs will continue to advocate for policies that improve access to  healthcare for all Americans, especially for those rural Americans we  represent.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership in this  important area as the legislative chair for the Blue Dog caucus. The  citizens of Arizona are fortunate to have a good Representative.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman again, and I wish him  a happy Thanksgiving.   