 Madam President, I rise to speak in favor of the Udall  amendment, a bipartisan amendment. I am a proud Virginian. The  Commonwealth of Virginia is more connected to the Nation's military  service by our map, by the installations in Virginia, and by personnel  than any other State, and I am the proud father of a U.S. marine. I  love serving with my colleagues on the Foreign Relations and Armed  Services Committees.   Tomorrow we are going to vote on a question that cannot be more  fundamental: Can President Trump take us to war with Iran without  coming to Congress for authorization? That is the question. Can  President Trump take us to war with Iran without coming to Congress for  authorization? This is a matter of the utmost importance for this body,  for the American public, and for our troops. Americans, especially  those who have family serving in the military--and many of those  families have seen their loved ones deployed multiple times since  2001--want to know what each Senator thinks about this important  question.   The Udall amendment to the NDAA, which has bipartisan sponsorship, is  very simple. It states that no funds will be expended in a war with  Iran or on Iranian soil, except in self-defense, unless Congress takes  the affirmative step of specifically authorizing those hostilities.   My colleague from Arkansas talked about lawyers dancing on the head  of a pin, as he tried to suggest that ``self-defense'' was not a  clearly defined term. I think most of my colleagues who read the  language will believe it is incredibly clear; the President has the  power to defend the Nation from an imminent attack or ongoing attack  without asking anyone for permission. That is specifically stated in  our resolution. There is no confusion about it. There is no attempt to  limit a President's power to defend the Nation, but if the President  decides that we need to go on an offensive war against a sovereign  country, this amendment would suggest he could not do so unless he came  to Congress.   Those voting for this amendment will say clearly that no war should  be started unless Congress votes for it. Those  [[Page S4592]]  opposing the amendment will say clearly that it is OK for the President  to go to war against Iran whenever and for whatever reason on his own.   Those who vote against this amendment, in my view, are essentially  giving the President a green light to wage war anywhere, against  anyone, on his own. That is not a power we should give to this  President or any President. I believe, in my 6\1/2\ years in the  Senate, there has only been one vote as serious as the vote we will  cast tomorrow morning.   Why do I believe war should not be started without a vote of  Congress? The Democratic leader outlined the clear constitutional  history in this regard. It is Congress that declares war. The history  and context of that provision in article I is very plain. At that time  in the world, in 1787, war was for the Executive. It was for the King,  the Emperor, the Monarch, the Sultan, the Pope, but the drafters of the  American Constitution wanted to dramatically change history in this  Nation and say that war for the United States of America should be a  matter not for the Executive to declare but, instead, for the peoples'  elected legislative body to declare.   Once declared, the President, as Commander in Chief, needs to be that  commander. I agree with my colleague from Arkansas. You don't need 535  commanders, but it is not up to the President to initiate or declare  war, constitutionally; it is clearly up to Congress.   The reason we should vote for this isn't just because of the  constitutional provision. It is the value that underlies the  constitutional provision. Why did the Framers put the question of war  as a matter for the legislature? A congressional debate and vote is  what is necessary for the American public and Congress to fully  understand the stakes, to explain to the public and educate them why  war is necessary--and especially, and most importantly, the debate and  the vote by the legislative body is the evidence of support for the  mission that American troops deserve if they are going to be sent into  harm's way where they could be killed or injured or see their friends  killed or injured.   I believe it is the height of public immorality. There could be  nothing more immoral in the public space than to order our troops into  harm's way, where they would risk injury and death if Congress is  unwilling to consider and debate and vote on whether a war is in the  national interest.   You have to go risk your life, you have to go be with others and  potentially be injured or killed, but we don't want to have to vote on  it. Could anything be more immoral than that? What this provision does  is say that if we are going to be at war with Iran and, by example,  with any nation, Congress should have the guts and backbone to come and  cast a vote before we order our troops into harm's way.   Why is this debate important right now? We are in the middle of  discussing the National Defense Authorizing Act, but I also want to  point out two very important things, one an event and one a statement  that may have occurred in the last week, since many of us took the  floor last Wednesday.   On Thursday, a week ago today, President Trump ordered and then  called off a missile strike against Iranian territory that would have  been the start of a shooting war with Iran. It was a missile strike in  the sovereign nation of Iran. Our military and all reasonable people  understood that would have been responded to. So we were within 10  minutes. President Trump says he called off the strike on Iran with 10  minutes to spare.   We were within 10 minutes a week ago of being in a war.   The second thing that happened is, a few days ago, the President gave  an exclusive interview to The Hill saying: ``I do not need  congressional approval to strike Iran.''   Congress is irrelevant. I don't need to come to Congress.   The quote that the Democratic leader mentioned a few minutes earlier  was that the President said: It is good to keep them abreast of the  situation, but I am not legally required to do so.   How insulting for the President, who pledged at his inauguration to  defend and support the Constitution, to not recognize that the article  I branch--and we are the article I branch for a reason--must not be  just consulted with but be on board with any wars expressed by their  vote.   This President is holding the article I branch in contempt. Will we  grovel and accept that monumental disrespect or will we insist that the  President must follow the law?   For the record, I believe a war with Iran would be a colossal  mistake. Its cause would be laid significantly at our feet by the  United States and the Trump administration tearing up a diplomatic  deal, tearing it up over the objections or over the recommendations of  the then-Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, National Security  Advisor, Joint Chiefs of Staff, tearing it up over the recommendations  of our allies, tearing it up over the recommendations of the  International Atomic Energy Agency. We tore up a diplomatic deal and  raised the risk of an unnecessary war; that would be catastrophic.    After 18 years of two wars in the Middle East, where we still have  troops deployed, we should not be fomenting, encouraging, blundering  toward rushing into a third war in the Middle East. It would suck lives  and resources away from more pressing priorities of our citizens.  Bogging ourselves down in another war against a smaller, weaker,  faraway nation would divert our attention from acting firmly to counter  our chief competitor, China.   Furthermore, another war in the Middle East would represent another  broken promise by this President. Just as he said that Mexico would pay  for a border wall, just as he promised not to cut the Medicaid Program  before supporting an effort to eliminate the Affordable Care Act and  slash Medicaid, the President criticized the Iraq war as a candidate  and said he would end wars in the Middle East, not expand or multiply  them.   I will give my colleague from Arkansas credit for having the courage  of his convictions to come and state what he has stated on the floor.  There are some in this body and the administration who have argued that  a war with Iran would be a good thing or a necessary thing. Some have  even suggested it would be an easy win. Let them come to the floor of  the Senate and make that argument in full view of the American public  and let Congress debate and vote and then be held accountable for  decisions we make about war.   As I conclude, I thank the majority leader for scheduling this vote,  and I especially thank the Democratic leader for firmly insisting it  must be held. Tomorrow we will all speak to a fundamental question  about war but also about this institution: Can President Trump take us  to war with Iran without even coming to Congress?   I hope my colleagues will stand for the Constitution. We must provide  assurance to our citizens, and we especially must provide assurance to  our troops, that war is not based on the whim of this President or the  whim of any President, but it must be based instead on a clear vote,  following public debate by the peoples' elected legislature.   With that, I yield the floor.   