 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  372, Expressing Concern for the United States-Turkey Alliance.   Turkey has failed in its basic NATO responsibility to safeguard the  freedom and security of NATO allies, both politically, and militarily.  Turkey has bullied and continues to bully the U.S. and NATO allies  around the world, in particular, Greece and Cyprus.   Meanwhile, Turkey has grown ever closer in diplomatic and military  ties to the authoritarian regimes of Russia and Iran, sowing  international instability, especially in the Eastern Mediterranean,  Madam Speaker, which is why I joined my colleagues in introducing H.R.  91, to reaffirm the robust commitment of the House of Representatives  to the importance of the United States, Israel, Greece, and Cyprus  partnership.   The Russian S-400 missile defense system is in no way interoperable  with NATO's defense systems and represents a dangerous vulnerability to  the F-35 program in the event an S-400 system user learns how to target  lock F-35s and shares that knowledge with other international bad  actors. We can't take that chance.   Rewarding an international bad actor with F-35s, one of the most  sophisticated articles of U.S. military technology, while they imprison  and orchestrate brazen acts of violence against U.S. citizens, threaten  U.S. allies and their sovereignty, and violate international law, sends  the wrong message to the enemies of freedom and stability around the  world.   The clock has nearly struck midnight on the U.S.-Turkey relationship,  and the time has come for Turkey to choose whether it will stand with  the United States and NATO or fall with revisionist powers like Russia  and China.   In closing, Madam Speaker, I would like to applaud my good friends,  Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul, along with Leaders Hoyer and  McCarthy and the leadership of both the House Appropriations and  Judiciary Committees, who made this possible.   I urge my colleagues to pass this resolution.   