 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1381, the Burn Pit  Registry Enhancement Act.   This bill is sponsored by Dr. Raul Ruiz of California and Dr. Brad  Wenstrup of Ohio. Dr. Ruiz and Dr. Wenstrup are medical professionals,  former members of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and co-chairs of  the  [[Page H2333]]  House Burn Pits Caucus. I am grateful to them both for their efforts  with respect to this legislation and for their continued dedication to  serving our Nation's veterans on a bipartisan basis.   In response to growing fears about the long-term health effects of  burn pit exposure, Congress required the Department of Veterans  Affairs, VA, to create the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry,  the registry, in 2013.   The registry was intended to provide a forum for servicemembers and  veterans to document the toxic exposures they experienced in service to  our country and report health issues they believe may be connected to  those exposures to VA to assist in research regarding toxic exposure  impacts and treatments.   While the registry continues to be an important tool for those  worried about burn pits and other toxic environmental exposures,  advocates have expressed concern over the years that the registry is  not being used to its greatest potential.   During a hearing before the Subcommittee on Health last June, two  important stakeholder groups, Burn Pit 360 and the Veterans of Foreign  Wars of the United States, or VFW, recommended that the registry be  improved by allowing family members to update the registry in the event  of a death of a servicemember or veteran listed on it.   Accordingly, the Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act would, on the  death of a servicemember or a veteran listed in the registry, allow an  immediate family member or other designated individual to report that  servicemember's or veteran's death to the registry and list his or her  cause of death in the registry.   According to Burn Pits 360, without tracking the mortality rate  through methods such as allowing a surviving family member to report  deaths and the cause of death, the registry's ability to establish  mortality rates related to conditions and diseases associated with  toxic exposure will be precluded.   Mr. Speaker, I agree, which is why I am pleased to support this bill  today. That said, I do regret that it did not move through regular  order. Had it been subject to a committee hearing and markup, it surely  would have benefited from a robust debate and discussion by committee  members, by VA, and by veteran service organizations and other  interested parties and perhaps made even stronger. I look forward to  continued committee work on this important subject.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost), a very active member and Marine  Corps veteran on the committee.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup), a Congressman, colonel, doctor,  former member of the committee, and incredible veterans advocate.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank Dr. Ruiz, who was a very active  member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee. I really hated to see him  leave our committee. He was a tremendous asset to the committee and, as  you can see, continues to be that asset.   I think one of the things, Mr. Speaker, that this registry does is it  also shows us on the committee how important it is to get our  electronic health records done, so that an Active Duty military recruit  can go in at 18 years of age and have a virtual lifetime record so that  we will have a treasure trove of data there 30 or 40 years later, as we  are doing right now in trying to figure out what to do with Agent  Orange.   If we do this correctly, we will be able to not make these mistakes  in the future. We will be able to go ahead and rapidly make these  claims, adjudicate these claims, so that veterans are treated properly  and get the medical care they need.   I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1271, the Veterans- Specific Education for Tomorrow's Health Professionals--or Vet HP--Act.  The bill would create a pilot program to provide undergraduate students  with a clinical observation experience at Department of Veterans  Affairs' medical centers.   This bill is sponsored by Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur of Ohio. I  appreciate her efforts to support aspiring medical students by giving  them a window into the healthcare profession. This bill would further  VA's mission to educate the Nation's future clinicians by giving those  who have expressed interest in the medical field an early introduction  to the VA healthcare system.   It is my sincere hope that, if enacted, this pilot program would  inspire the students it serves to pursue careers serving veteran  patients. While this bill did not move through regular order in the  committee this Congress, it did move through regular order last  Congress where it was supported by various veteran service  organizations.   Mr. Speaker, I was proud to work with my Democratic colleagues to get  this bill passed through the House last year, and I am pleased to do so  again here today. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I strongly support this bill. I have spent  much of my time over the years mentoring students both in high school,  college, and in medical school. I have taught on the clinical faculty  at East Tennessee State University College of Medicine.   I tell the students: Look, you really need to think about going into  medicine if you like to work nights, weekends, and holidays.   That is not usually how I start the conversation. But I look back as  a young man when I started, and I ask myself, having now been serving  in the U.S. Congress, what would I do if I had those choices all over  again?   Unequivocally, I would go back to the examining room and back to the  operating room and take care of patients. It is a phenomenal way to  help people. I think we have to share that.   I am a first-generation college graduate in my family, as many of us  are who serve in this body, and I want to thank both the chairman for  his tremendous support for medical education in the Choice bill that we  passed--it is hard to believe--5 years ago, Mr. Speaker, when the  scandal in Phoenix occurred. We put in that bill 1,500 residency slots  at VAs in primary care so that we would encourage those young doctors  to stay where they are training. Many of us will do that; we will stay  where we have done our training.   So I want to thank Congresswoman Kaptur for her interest in this. I  thank the students she brought up. Those are the future doctors who are  going to be caring for all of us.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bill, I urge my colleagues to,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 49, a bill to designate  the outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs Vet Center in  North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation.   This bill is sponsored by Senator Mike Lee of Utah and is a companion  bill to H.R. 54, which is sponsored by Congressman   Rob Bishop, also  of Utah. I thank both of them for working to honor Major Taylor in this  way.   Having lost friends and classmates in Vietnam, I know the loss that  this family is suffering is incalculable. Family, friends, community,  State, and Nation mourn his loss.   Major Taylor's life was characterized by service both in and out of  uniform, and I am pleased to strongly support this bill in his memory.  Major Taylor represents all that is right and good in America.   My colleague, Congressman Chris Stewart of Utah, is here today to  speak in support of this bill as well, as he has a personal connection  to the Taylor family.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Utah (Mr. Stewart) to detail the incredible life that Major Taylor  led and the legacy that he leaves behind.     ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is one of the more difficult things that we do.  Obviously, to see a beautiful family like this, whose dad and whose  husband has made the ultimate sacrifice, it is difficult for me to  stand here and understand the pain that they have. I sometimes read  Revelation 21:4; that may help just a little bit.   I thank that family for their service and wish them nothing but  Godspeed going forward. They will have some tough days, I know, ahead  of them, but this is a grateful Nation. We very much appreciate his  service to our great country. Our country is not better for this loss.   I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   