 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I return to the floor again this week to  discuss Congress's progress on important legislation--or, rather, the  lack of it--since the obsession with impeaching the President began.   When the House decided to proceed full steam ahead on impeachment,  they promised that it wouldn't interfere with our ability to get other  important work done for our constituents. While it has been less than a  week since the House formally authorized their impeachment inquiry, the  crusade to impeach the President and remove him started nearly 3 years  ago.   For example, on January 20, which was actually Inauguration Day,  2017, at 12:19 p.m. the Washington Post ran the story with the headline  ``The Campaign to Impeach President Trump Has Begun.'' That was on  Inauguration Day in 2017. Nineteen minutes into his Presidency, the  writing wasn't only on the wall. It was on the front page of the  Washington Post.   Our Democratic friends are on a kamikaze mission to get President  Trump out of office less than a year before the next election, and, in  the process, they are preventing Congress from solving the big problems  facing the American people.   The latest casualty of this impeach-at-all-costs strategy is a bill I  introduced with my Democratic colleague from Connecticut, Richard  Blumenthal, called the Affordable Prescriptions for Patients Act. This  legislation would lower the cost of Americans' prescription medication  and save more than a half billion dollars in taxpayer money.   Here, in the Senate, it counts the Democratic whip, Senator Durbin  from Illinois, as well as the Assistant Democratic Leader, Senator  Murray from Washington State, as cosponsors. With that kind of lineup,  you would think this would be a no-brainer. Unfortunately, drug pricing  legislation isn't the only consensus effort that has gotten caught up  in impeachment mania.   For a quarter of a century, the Violence Against Women Act has  provided resources to assist women who are victims of domestic violence  and sexual assault. Unsurprisingly, this program has consistently  maintained broad bipartisan support. There is agreement that we must do  more to provide services and protection for victims of domestic  violence and sexual assault, but it is safe to say that there are  disagreements on how best to accomplish that goal.   Those differences in opinion came to a head in February of this year.  We were fresh off the heels of the longest government shutdown in  history and working to fund the government through the remainder of the  year, but our Democratic colleagues threw a curve ball when they  insisted that we should not include a temporary extension of the  Violence Against Women Act, which had expired in September of 2018.   Even amid the political jockeying we have been seeing in this  Congress, this was a shocking omission. Republicans were in favor of a  short-term reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act to provide  time and space for bipartisan negotiations for a long-term  reauthorization. Surprisingly, our Democratic colleagues in the House  blocked this reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. So it  expired.   Fortunately, though, our friends on the Appropriations Committee have  continued to fully fund these programs, but the authorizing statute has  expired because of this gamesmanship. Despite continued bipartisan  negotiations led by the Senator from Iowa, Ms. Ernst, over the last 8  months, we haven't been able to come up with a consensus agreement to  reauthorize the program on a long-term basis.   This has been an 8-month negotiation. This isn't all that  complicated. We should be able to do it in the space of an afternoon,  but, clearly, there is no desire to get this resolved.   Reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act is a top priority for  Members on both sides of the aisle, and I hope we will work harder to  make it happen rather than to use this important law to play partisan  political games. Sadly, the Violence Against Women Act is not the only  program to get caught up in the political crosshairs.   The Debbie Smith Act, another traditionally bipartisan bill here in  the Senate, expired at the end of September because of the refusal of  the House to take up the Senate-passed version and to send it to the  President.   The Debbie Smith Act, you will recall, provides funding to State and  local crime labs to test DNA evidence and reduce the rape kit backlog.  The Senate unanimously passed the bill in May to reauthorize this  program, but the House simply refused to act. At a roundtable I held in  Houston, a few months ago, I heard from rape victims and their  advocates about how troubling and, frankly, how insulting all of this  was.   After months, the House has now finally relented and voted to  reauthorize the Debbie Smith Act, after the pressure on them became  unbearable. I am glad they changed their minds, and I am hopeful we can  get this bill to the President's desk soon. Although I would have  welcomed less drama this time around, the Debbie Smith Act  reauthorization will hopefully be an example of what Congress can  accomplish when you put partisan political fights aside and work for  our constituents; in other words, do the job we were elected to do when  our constituents sent us here.   It is really disappointing that some of our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle would rather relitigate the 2016 election--again,  less than a year before the next election--rather than do the work of  the American people. This obsession with impeachment mania has consumed  our Democratic colleagues and is preventing us from getting work done  on a nonpartisan basis. That is what our constituents want us to do.   Texans are worried about high prescription costs, worried about the  state of our roads and bridges, and worried about our national  security. In the case of the Democratic leader, I would be willing to  wager that New Yorkers are worried about many of these issues too. So  it is time to stop the partisan games. They don't result in pay raises  for our troops, which have now been voted against two times by our  Democratic colleagues. They don't advance victims' rights and give  justice to survivors like the reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act  and the Violence Against Women Act would do. They don't increase the  public's trust in our institutions of government and assure them that  we really have their best interests at heart. Definitely, these games  don't help make Americans' lives better.   We have heard our Democratic colleagues say ad nauseam that  impeachment will not interfere with their ability to legislate, but the  evidence suggests otherwise. What Americans want is action. What  Americans want is for us to do our job. We can give them what they want  by allowing legislation we know has a chance of becoming law, such as  my drug pricing bill, the Debbie Smith Act, and the Violence Against  Women Act, to come to the floor, get passed, and sent to the President.  That would be doing our jobs, and I believe that is what our  constituents want from each of us--not this single-minded obsession  with impeachment that started the day the President was  [[Page S6369]]  sworn into office, less than 1 year before the next election.   I yield the floor.   