 Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, as we well know, the rules of the House  admonish speakers from including personalities. I would suggest that my  colleague opposite crossed that line. I will remove my point of order  if the Speaker cautions my colleague opposite that such violation will  not be tolerated in the future.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this has nothing to do with the Coast Guard. This has  everything to do with politics.  [[Page H8062]]    Mr. Speaker, when they get up and have this faux outrage over this,  it is about this President and their opposition to a secure border.   Now, I would point out to the gentleman opposite, when President  Barack Obama requested $3.7 billion in emergency funding, there was not  a peep from the other side of the aisle, and all of a sudden, there is  this outrage. The gentleman knows all too well, Mr. Speaker, that this  is not even going to cut the funding.    I see over there that we have the chairwoman of the Appropriations  Committee. She knows that this President, under his leadership, is  funding the military and our Coast Guard at levels that we have never  seen.   For my friend opposite to suggest that this is all about the Coast  Guard, this is all about politics, making sure that there is an open  border.   When he had the chance, Mr. Speaker, to vote to make sure that we  limit any of these funds going to this, what did he do? He looked the  other way. He voted for a CR just the other day. He voted to allow this  money to continue to flow.   This is a show vote, Mr. Speaker. This has nothing to do with really  legislating.   If they want to legislate, let's figure out how we work on those  separations at the border. Let's look at the Flores decision. Let's  make sure that we are constructive.   I have had, Mr. Speaker, conversations with some on the other side of  the aisle. I am willing. But what we are seeing today is nothing more  than political theater.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, facts are a stubborn thing. I would like to  point out to my good friend from New York that, indeed, we are  backfilling that. These projects will get funded. She knows that; I  know that; and soon, the American people will know that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  LaMalfa).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would remind the gentleman opposite that there is not  a single delay in the plan of building those facilities at Andrews, and  the gentleman knows it. What happens is the hyperbole from the other  side doesn't match the facts.  [[Page H8063]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Spano).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I need to clarify, once again, another fact. The  gentleman opposite seems to think that all of the drugs and all of the  bad things come in at the ports of entry, when the facts are, since  2014, U.S. Customs and Border Protection has actually seized more drugs  between the ports of entry than at the ports of entry.   So I would like to, and if the gentleman wants to review the facts  with me, I will be glad to do it. We actually collected 6.4 million  pounds of drugs between the ports of entry versus 3.1 million at the  ports of entry.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from West Virginia  (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman opposite was just talking about the fact  that one particular person might have to use a clicker. What about the  millions of Americans who go down to our border right now and they  can't even go on U.S. territory because the cartel controls it.   The gentleman knows all too well that the border on our southern  border is controlled in areas by a cartel. But far be it from me to be  the expert. We have the expert here on that particular subject.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Rogers), my good friend, the ranking member of the Homeland Security  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I would like to say that I have a solution for all of this.   The gentlewoman was just talking about an emergency. The chairman of  the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is talking about the  Coast Guard. I will join both of them in making sure that we fund it,  if they will join me in appropriating $3.7 billion to secure our  southern border. If it is an emergency, then let's get together and  work in a bipartisan fashion.   But do you know what?   This is not about an emergency. This is about talking points, this is  about politics, and it is about wanting an open border; and they know  it.   But I am willing to work with them. I see the gentleman from  California. I am willing to work with him on the Coast Guard. It is his  passion. Let's fund the Coast Guard, and let's fund the border. We will  get together.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time each side  has remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi) would suggest that this President ripped  this from Congress. We willingly gave it to him under section 2808.   The gentleman knows all too well that if he didn't want the money  going to the border, he could have done a limitation amendment when  they passed the funding bill--not once, but twice. The same funding  bill that the gentleman voted for, he could have put a limitation bill  on it.   This whole thing about the Constitution is actually about a section  that has been exercised not just by President Trump, but by President  Barack Obama. When President Barack Obama exercised it, there was not a  peep from the other side, not a peep.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Bishop), my colleague from the Ninth Congressional District.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman, before he exits--I want to make sure I am  addressing you, Mr. Speaker, but I wanted to highlight one critical  part.   He is exactly right, that the President signed this. If the President  had not given the other side the warning that he was going to declare a  national emergency, then the gentleman would  [[Page H8067]]  have had a valid point, Mr. Speaker. But I can tell you, before the  President signed it, he said: If we do not get the money to secure our  southern border and make sure that communities are safer, I am going to  declare a national emergency.   So, he put the Democrats on notice. That is why all this outrage is  interesting. Go back and Google it. I promise you that they were on  notice. He said: I am going to declare a national emergency.   This is not about ripping constitutional power. This is about  yielding the power. And my Democratic colleagues did exactly that.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Biggs), who probably knows more about the border than anyone who has  spoken previously from our side because he has been down there over and  over again.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Arizona an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on both  sides.    Mr. Speaker, only in Washington, D.C., is spending $160  billion more on defense a cut. The gentlewoman from Texas is talking  like we have cut the defense. We are spending $160 billion more over a  2-year period.   Ask the military men and women if they are better funded today than  they were under the 8 years of the Barack Obama administration, and,  almost to the person, they will say yes. This President is standing  with the military men and women of this great country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Jordan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Murphy), the gentleman from the Third Congressional  District of North Carolina, one who has actually been a strong advocate  for the hurricane relief that has hit his particular district, the new  Member and my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  If the gentleman opposite has no more speakers and is prepared to  close, I will go ahead and give my final remarks.   Mr. Speaker, I think it would be appropriate for me to recognize our  fine staff that is here. All those who have prepared the work have done  a great job, day in and day out. Many times, our staff is looked at and  overlooked, and I didn't want this day to go by without recognizing  their fine work on this particular subject.   Mr. Speaker, it should come as no surprise to the American people or  to this body why we are here today. Every single day, Mr. Speaker, it  becomes clearer and clearer and clearer that the majority is just  blindly objecting to anything that this President does, even if those  efforts are to serve this Nation.   The fact is that there is a real crisis at our southern border,  something that even the Speaker, as recently as June, has recognized.  So, Mr. Speaker, I think it is important that we come together and we  do secure our communities, we do provide the funding.   I am willing to work with my friends opposite. If we are looking at  our Coast Guard, wanting to make sure that they have the proper funds,  I am willing to work with them on that.   I am also willing to look at what we need to do to make sure that we  not only build a secure southern border, but that we apprehend those  cartels and those human traffickers that my good friend from North  Carolina talked about.   There is a cost of not doing something each and every day. My friend  opposite wanted to talk about how the President really says things and  doesn't do it.    I can tell you, this President is very serious about building a wall  on our southern border to secure it. In fact, it is being built right  now.   This President was very serious about moving the Embassy to  Jerusalem. In fact, the Embassy is in Jerusalem.   This President was very serious about lowering taxes. In fact, we  lowered taxes.   This President was very serious about making sure that our economy  hums so that unemployment would reach historic lows, and, indeed, he  has done that.   This is not about a campaign promise to build a wall. This is about a  campaign promise to secure our communities. In fact, this President has  done it.   I am going to stand with him. I ask my friends opposite to work with  us on giving the proper funding to make sure that we do exactly that.   Mr. Speaker, it is high time that we put the interests of the  American citizens first, and, with that, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   