 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I am pleased to be here today to be able  to deal with the first significant piece of legislation on the floor of  the House this Congress dealing with the legalization of cannabis.  There has been a sea change in this country over the course of the last  25 years as we have seen 47 States legalize some form of cannabis.   But there is an area that is deeply troubling, and this relates to  Tribes. Tribes have an interest in being able to conduct activities  that deal with cannabis, but currently the strictures that the Federal  Government has dealing with its being illegal and the manifold  connections that Tribes have with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and so  forth make it something that they just don't feel comfortable doing.   There are Tribes that are moving forward. They want to be in this  area. It is a multibillion dollar growth industry. It provides  opportunities for health, economic development, and recreational  activities. The States have been granted a certain amount of latitude  moving into this space, but the Tribes have been denied.   This amendment is very simple. It just says that the Department of  Justice will not interfere with Tribal decisions dealing with cannabis.   It is ironic. This is a substance that has been used by Tribes for  healing going back millennia, and there is an opportunity for them to  be able to be part of an economic opportunity that is taking place  across the country. We need to grant them that authority.   Approval of this amendment says: Department of Justice, leave them  alone.   It is similar to what we have enacted since 2014 dealing with medical  marijuana in the States. It is something that continues as Federal  policy, and we will be talking about that in another amendment.   I hope that there is a recognition that Tribes deserve this latitude  and this empowerment and that we vote in favor of it to allow them to  proceed as has taken place in States around the country.   Madam Chair, I respectfully request that the body supports this  amendment. It will make a great deal of difference for Native Americans  and be a step towards normalizing this relationship.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, one of the areas that has been most  gratifying for me has been watching what has happened in a revolution  in cannabis policy.   Starting in 1996 with the State of California, we have watched States  across the country have their voters step up to make legalization with  medical marijuana and more recently with adult use.   Additionally, there have been States that have taken action dealing  with medical marijuana in a specialized form for children with extreme  seizure disorders. So, in total, we now have 47 States that have some  form of cannabis that is legal. We are watching the growth of this  industry--a multibillion dollar industry. We are watching State after  State move forward. Every one of us on the floor of the House who are  here now represent areas that have taken action.   We have had embedded in our legislation protections for medical  marijuana, and this would simply extend that same protection to prevent  the Department of Justice from interfering with adult use.  [[Page H4891]]    I strongly urge that we build on the legacy that we have had in the  past and that we move this forward to allow the Federal Government to  start catching up with where the rest of the States are.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire the time I have remaining.    Mr. Chair, let me just say that I am pleased to  partner with Ms. Norton. The Federal Government needs to get right with  the District of Columbia on this.   I disagree with my good friend from Alabama. If we were rescheduling  drugs today, cannabis probably wouldn't be scheduled at all, and what  would be Schedule I is tobacco, which is highly addictive and deadly.   It is widely known now that there are, in fact, medicinal purposes to  be obtained from using cannabis. That is why the voters in the  gentleman's own State just approved medical marijuana.   They are not goofy. They are not misled. They understand that there  is compelling evidence, and any of us meeting with professionals can  understand that. One of the reasons we don't have the research is  because the Federal Government has interfered with research in terms of  cannabis.   But the evidence is clear. You can find that out with children in  your State who use medical cannabis to stop extreme seizure disorders;  people who use cannabis to be able to stop the violent nausea  associated with chemotherapy; or veterans that use it for PTSD,  traumatic brain injury, or chronic pain.   This is what the American people have demanded, why it is now legal  in 33 States, why it has some version in 47, and is supported by two- thirds of the American public and 90 percent for medical marijuana.   It is time that we extend this protection to these State legal  activities so that they can thrive and move forward.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   