 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia  for yielding me time to address this issue.   I understand and recognize the gravity of this issue that is before  us. I can hear it from the voice of the gentleman from Georgia. I can  hear it from Mr. Clyburn. And I can hear it from Mr. Nadler.   I know all of you, and I think I know all of you well. I thought you  all knew  [[Page H575]]  me well. But I began to read this resolution, Madam Speaker, and I  started with the first ``whereas,'' and I am going to read it as it is  here: ``Whereas, on January 10, 2019, Representative Steve King was  quoted as asking, `White nationalist, white supremacist, Western  civilization' ''--there is a dash in there, a pause--`` `how did that  language become offensive?' ''   I understand how you interpreted my words when you read them this  way. There is no tape for this interview that I did. It was 56 minutes  long. There are some notes on the other end, but there is no tape.  There is no way to go back and listen. But I can tell you this: That  ideology never shows up in my head. I don't know how it could possibly  come out of my mouth.   So I am going to tell you that the words are likely what I said, but  I want to read it to you the way I believe I said it. And that is this:  ``White nationalist, white supremacist, Western civilization--how did  that language become offensive? Why did I sit in classes teaching me  about the merits of our history and civilization''--that is the end of  the quote--just to watch ``Western civilization'' become a derogatory  term in political discourse today? That is what I believe happened.   And it is 13 words, ironically, that has caused this firestorm. And,  again, I regret that we are in this place. I read all of the rest of  the resolutions that are here.   Number two, I reject the ideology. The statement is true, Mr.  Clyburn.   Number three, same story. I reject the ideology that is noted in  here. Your statement is true.   As I read these so far down, number four, number five, all the way  through all of these resolutions, all of the ``whereases'' that are  here in this resolution, I agree with all of them.   I agree with every word that you have put in this. It is an honest  and a direct resolution put together to address a subject that has been  too long before the public dialogue in this country.   And when I look down at the ``resolved''--that is usually the meat of  these--it says: ``Resolved, That the House of Representatives once  again rejects white nationalism and white supremacy as hateful  expressions of intolerance that are contradictory to the values that  define the people of the United States.'' Well, I agree with that.   Just a couple of weeks ago, I stood on this floor with a Bible in my  hand, and I took an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the  United States. That Bible wasn't just a regular Bible picked up  somewhere. That was a shirt-pocket-sized leather Bible that my Great  Uncle John Richardson carried in his shirt pocket for 3 years in the  Civil War.   I come from a family of abolitionists. Maybe I would have some  artifacts from his cousin, my five times great-grandfather, if he  hadn't been killed in that conflict.   This means something to me, the abolitionism that goes clear back  into my family, and they paid a price with their lives to make sure  that all men, and now all women, are created equal, and we are endowed  by our Creator with certain unalienable rights. Those rights are life,  liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   I absolutely believe in that. It is in my heart and my soul, and in  my works. By their fruits you shall know them.   But The New York Times has a different version of this. They make a  habit of attacking the President, as a matter of fact. And I look at  this language that is here, this resolution that the House of  Representatives once again rejects white nationalism, white supremacy,  and hateful expressions of intolerance that are contradictory to the  values that define the people of the United States. I agree with that  language, as I have said. But I would add to it the language that I  used on this floor, this very place, last Friday afternoon, when I said  I would strengthen it by adding my previous statements, which not only  correctly reject white nationalism and white supremacy as evil  ideologies, but also condemn anyone that supports this evil and bigoted  ideology that saw in its ultimate expression the systematic murder of 6  million innocent Jewish lives.    That is where I stand. That is what I believe.   So I want to compliment the gentleman from South Carolina for  bringing this resolution. I have carefully studied every word in this  resolution, and even though I would add some more that are stronger  language, I agree with the language in it.   So I want to ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, let's vote  for this resolution. I am putting up a ``yes'' on the board here  because what you state here is right, and it is true, and it is just,  and so is what I have stated here on the floor of the House of  Representatives.   