 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3,  the ``Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drugs Costs Now Act,'' named after my  dear friend and colleague Elijah Cummings who passed away earlier this  year. I commend the Speaker, Chairman Neal, Chairman Pallone and  Chairman Scott for their efforts to bring this historic legislation to  the floor today.   For too long Americans have seen prices for prescription drugs rise  out of control, to the point where many must make the decision about  whether they will spend limited income on their necessary  prescriptions, or food, housing and transportation. How is it in the  wealthiest country in the world this is happening?   I've heard from many constituents who are indeed facing this very  choice.   Patricia, an 88 year old woman in Connecticut said, ``Do I have to  lose my rent or stop eating in order to continue breathing? I don't  want to end up in a nursing home on oxygen. I am not an ex-smoker. I am  the proud daughter of a West Virginia coal miner. Please help me and  other poor frail elderly.''   Rosemary from Wethersfield wrote, ``The cost of the Epi-Pen is  outrageous. Even with my insurance it is so expensive I couldn't get  the prescription filled and took my chances. When I had an allergic  reaction I called 911 instead.''   Kevin from Manchester, a young man in his mid-30s who has a job and  health insurance, also wrote, ``The annual cost of my medications is  about $8,000 . . . I stop taking my medication. My asthma is noticeably  worse. I worry that it's only a matter of time until I have a flare up  and end up in the hospital.''   H.R. 3 will allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to  negotiate for better prices on prescription drugs in Medicare, lowering  prices for patients in Medicare and the private market.   I have long advocated for negotiation of drug prices and have  included it in the Medicare Buy In and Health Stabilization Act  introduced with my colleague from New York, Rep. Brian Higgins, and  with my colleague from Connecticut, Rep. Joe Courtney.   The bill also caps Medicare beneficiaries' out-of-pocket spending on  prescription drugs at $2,000. And for the first time, with the savings  from Medicare reimbursement for drugs, we are able to expand Medicare  to cover dental, hearing and vision services as a benefit to  traditional Medicare. In my district alone, more than 100,000 people  will benefit from adding these new services.   It's time we implement these much-needed changes and make  prescription drugs more affordable. It's time to pass the Lower Drug  Costs Now Act.   