 Mr. President, in the next 24 hours, the Senate will do  what it should do, which is to actually go through the process of  advice and consent with a nominee--this time, for an Attorney General-- William Barr.   William Barr is eminently qualified. It has been interesting to hear  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk all day long today  about how qualified William Barr is but then always pause with a  ``but'' and take off on the Mueller investigation.   Let me explain what this means by ``eminently qualified.'' He has had  an exceptionally impressive legal career. He serves in one of the top  U.S. firms. He began his legal career decades ago as, actually, an  analyst and as legislative counsel for the CIA. He worked on domestic  policy for Ronald Reagan. He served as the Deputy Attorney General from  1990 to 1991, and then he served as the Attorney General of the United  States for George Herbert Walker Bush from 1991 to 1993.   When he was appointed as the Attorney General in 1991, his nomination  passed out of the Judiciary Committee with a unanimous vote of 14 to 0.  The Judiciary chairman at the time--a gentleman named Joe Biden--called  him a fine Attorney General. He was overwhelmingly confirmed by the  Senate in  [[Page S1314]]  1991--a less partisan time. It was when Democrats and Republicans both  looked at his qualifications, not at a political agenda.   We have a unique moment in which to look at someone who was a good  Attorney General for the United States, one who served faithfully but  then had a season away from that, only to turn around and do it again.  How many of us wouldn't want to redo something we did years ago and  say: I did it, and it went well, but if I were to have a little more  time and could do it over again, I would do things better. We have that  chance with William Barr. It is a unique moment for us as a nation to  be able to bring somebody like that back again.   What happened under his watch?   During that time period, he believed and still believes that the  personal security of the citizens of the United States is the primary,  first duty of the government's and of the U.S. Attorney General's.  Despite what is being smeared about him on this floor over and over  again--with people saying he is being hired to be the President's  personal attorney--for those who have actually met with him and talked  with him, he speaks openly about law enforcement in the United States.  He talks about working with local law enforcement and with U.S.  attorneys to actually prosecute crime and go after the issues that  distract from American values and that keep the American people from  living the American dream.   During his tenure as Attorney General, he spearheaded the initiative  called the Weed and Seed Program, which removed violent drug offenders  from the streets. Under Attorney General Barr, in the 1990s, violent  crime in the United States went down because they were aggressively  prosecuting for crime.   He is also the Attorney General who supervised the enforcement and  implementation of the Americans with Disabilities Act. It was an  incredibly difficult legal process to have gone through and to have  implemented nationwide in order to have protected the rights of  individuals who had been overlooked in our country for two centuries-- those with disabilities. It was a major feature of what he did during  that time period.   He brings this unique, important perspective from his dealings with  law enforcement, his background, his experience. All of those things  look like they would make a slam dunk with which to come to this floor  and have wide, bipartisan support except for this--that he is being  used as a message in the Mueller investigation. It is not that he said:  I am going to stop the Mueller investigation. It is not that he said  anything else about that. He did write a 19-page letter as an attorney  in the law practice that is helping President Trump get through this  process.   He wrote: Hey, as former Attorney General, here are all of the things  of which you should be advised. When you are working with the  President, here are the key features.   It seems like a kind thing to do for any President. He wrote the  letter with all of that information in it, and he gave those details.  Fine.   He has also said over and over again that he is not going to undercut  the Mueller investigation. Yet some of my Democratic colleagues have  said: No, it has to be more than that. He has to recuse himself like  Jeff Sessions did. He has to recuse himself. If he doesn't recuse  himself, he can't be there.   May I remind you that the reason Jeff Sessions had to recuse himself  was that he was on the campaign team for the President, and when he got  into the position of Attorney General, the ethics team from the  Department of Justice advised him: Hey, since you were on the campaign  team, you can't be the investigator for the campaign team. At that  time, Attorney General Jeff Sessions agreed and said that it would  violate ethics for a person on the team to help investigate the team,  so he recused himself. That was not William Barr. There is all of this  talk that he has to recuse himself like Jeff Sessions did, but it is a  completely different situation. Why should he recuse himself?   Apparently, people don't want the Mueller investigation to have any  supervision, which, again, I find fascinating politically because I  distinctly remember, during the Clinton administration, that many of my  Democratic colleagues who are still in this Chamber now were furious  with Ken Starr. They can't believe Donald Trump would say he is  frustrated with the Mueller team, but they had no problem with the  Clinton White House's literally saying: We are going to go to war  against Ken Starr. The term ``witch hunt'' is not new. The Clinton  administration used that same term against Ken Starr. This is a  fascinating side-by-side to me, to be able to look at this.   Here is what I would advise: Let the Mueller investigation finish its  job. It has a job. Let it do its job. Quite frankly, the Attorney  General shouldn't be in the day-to-day operations of the Mueller  investigation. That is why we have a special counsel. Yet, at some  point, the special counsel has to turn information over to someone.  William Barr is not going to be the one writing all of the information  from the special counsel. He should neither have this incredibly high  standard nor be held to some standard of doing something that he is not  going to do--try to interfere in this process. He has made that very  clear.   He has also made it very clear verbally, in committee settings, and  in written statements that he is going to release whatever comes out,  as under the law, from the Mueller investigation. I think some people  believe that the Mueller investigation is going to release a big, giant  written report like the Senate Intel Committee will do. Yet the Mueller  investigation's task is not to release some big, giant report; its task  is for them, as prosecutors, to go through and recommend indictments.  If they choose to write a report, that is up to them. Now, this  Congress could try to mandate that, but that is not their requirement.  They are a special counsel. This is a group of attorneys that is making  recommendations. That is all it is.   Don't judge an Attorney General nominee based on some accusation from  some thought of what might happen and what he might do. Judge him on  what he actually says and what he has done. Hold him to that standard.   I have also had some folks back in my State say they have heard that  William Barr supports the possibility of some States having red flag  laws on the Second Amendment. Now, I spoke to William Barr. He came to  my office. We spent about 45 minutes together. We went through a whole  litany of questions and answers about his background and the issues he  has dealt with, his passions, his dealings with local law enforcement,  his cooperation with State prisons, consent decrees, religious liberty.  We talked of drug trials and processing. We talked about the whole  issue of gang violence--on and on and on--including the Second  Amendment.   He again reiterated he is supportive of the Second Amendment in every  area. If someone loses his Second Amendment rights, it will only be  based on due process, which is with a court's being involved. That has  always been the standard for us as a country.   I have seen some of the things that have been written about him, one  being that he is not supportive of the Second Amendment. That is  absolutely false, and I can say those things based on my personal  conversation with him after having asked him those questions. See not  the things that have been written about him but the things that he has  actually written and said about the Second Amendment. He is a protector  of our rights under the Constitution. It is one of the things to which  he has sworn under oath to protect as the previous Attorney General and  would have to swear to again under oath.   This is a simple thing for us. We are looking at a qualified nominee  who has an excellent background, the experience, and a passion to  protect our country; who has shown a passion for law enforcement,  protecting our Nation, and reducing violent crime in our country. I  look forward to his stepping in and taking the lead in the Department  of Justice.   May I make a side note on this? Again, this nomination reminds me of  why it is so important that this Senate fix its nomination process. We  have a broken nomination process--period.   If you take the last six Presidents combined, when they were putting  their staffs together in their first 2 years of office, it was 25 times  that someone in the Senate asked for additional time to debate that  person. It  [[Page S1315]]  could be any one of 100. For the last six Presidents, it was a total of  25 times that one person asked for additional time to debate. In this  body, it was 25 times that somebody said for the last six Presidents  combined that we need a little more time to debate this person. They  asked for additional what is called postcloture debate time. That is a  full intervening day--24 hours--plus an additional 30 hours after that  just to debate. That is fine. For highly controversial nominees, it is  entirely appropriate.   Yet, in the first 2 years of President Trump's Presidency, that  request has been made 128 times--25 times for the last 6 Presidents  combined versus 128 times for this President. It is not because they  have been all that controversial as nominees, although I am fully aware  that President Trump has nominated some folks who have created heated  debate on this floor, but it was certainly not 128 times. In fact, many  of the times after we had had that postcloture intervening day, plus  another 30 hours, those people passed either unanimously or with 90- plus votes. They were not controversial. It was an attempt to shut down  this Senate and shut down this President to keep him from hiring his  staff. That has never happened before. There has never been a time that  the Senate has tried to prevent an elected President from hiring his  own team--until now.   In May of 2017, I made a proposal to fix our postcloture vote debate  time, seeing what would happen. I continued that conversation over and  over again with many of my Democratic colleagues.   The last session, we brought in front of the Rules Committee a  proposal that was made by Harry Reid and then was passed under Harry  Reid's time and his leadership in the Senate--that is, to limit  postcloture debate time to streamline that process.   I brought that exact same proposal back out and said: Republicans  voted with Democrats to make sure this process would work in 2013 and  2014. Now will Democrats vote with Republicans on the exact same  language? And we will do this together to fix this process.   The Democrats gave me the Heisman at that point and said: No. It was  good of you to vote with us, but we are not going to vote with you.   That was all last session.   I brought up another proposal that went through the Rules Committee  today. It is a simple proposal. Historically in this body, there hasn't  been a lot of postcloture debate time on nominees, especially not on  nominees like district court judges or Deputy Assistant Secretaries of  some entity.   I met today with the person who will be the IRS counsel, the counsel  of the IRS, which I dare guess no one in this room could name right  now, and certainly most people in America couldn't, but they have been  blocked for a year, so the IRS does not have a Chief Counsel. Not a  controversial nominee--will probably pass unanimously or near  unanimously. Just to prevent the IRS from having a counsel, they have  been slowed down.   My proposal is simple. We can still have postcloture debate. If  anyone in this body wanted to slow down any nominee, they could still  do that. They could request a full additional day, 24 hours, and then  in the next day, instead of adding an additional 30 hours, it would be  just an additional 2 hours. So instead of getting a full day plus 30  hours, they would get a full day plus 2 hours. That is still a lot of  time.   Quite frankly, only 25 times in the last six Presidents have there  been any requests for any additional time. So that would still allow a  long period of time, but it would expedite the process so at least we  could go through this.   If we don't fix this now, this will become the habit of the Senate  from here on out. When the next Democratic President is elected, I can  assure you that we will have the same issue with nominees that  President Trump is having because it only takes one Senator to say: No.  I want a whole intervening day plus 30 hours for every one of your  nominees.   By the way, the President puts 1,200 people through the process of  nomination--1,200. So count the times that will happen in the days  ahead.   I know this is part of the ``resist Trump'' movement and to shut down  the operation of his Presidency, but it actually is going to shut down  the operation of every President from here on out if we don't fix this  rule.   I am asking my Democratic colleagues to look long, to not look right  in front of us, to look at the future of where this is really headed  and what is really happening to this Senate. The precedent that is  being set right now on debate will be the standard in the days ahead.  Let's fix it now so we can get this resolved long term for the sake of  our country and do this right.   I yield the floor.   