 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking the chairwoman for  bringing up this bipartisan bill today and for maintaining bipartisan  momentum in the areas where bipartisan agreement is achievable.  Chairwoman Waters and her staff were instrumental in passing this bill  in the last Congress and including it in JOBS 3.0.   I would also like to thank my friend, Congressman Hill, for working  on the Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act, the CLAW  Act, with me.   I am proud to support this bill, which passed with very strong  bipartisan support in the last Congress, a 55-0 vote in the Financial  Services Committee, a 379-4 vote on the House floor.   This bill creates a commonsense safe harbor from Bank Secrecy Act  liability for a bank that keeps an account open at the request of law  enforcement. For background, law enforcement agencies sometimes send  what are called keep open letters to financial institutions so that  they can obtain critical evidence in investigations by following the  money.   While following these law enforcement requests is optional, agreeing  to them does, in fact, create a technical violation of the Bank Secrecy  Act. This complicates the decision for a financial institution that  should be simple. This could, in fact, undermine our efforts to prevent  illicit finance or money laundering.   This bill will enhance the ability of the law enforcement community  to track funds in a criminal investigation, leading to better evidence  and, hopefully, conviction of criminals higher up in the hierarchy. To  be clear, nothing in this bill takes away from financial regulators'  safety and soundness powers, and financial institutions still have to  file SARs when they have a keep open letter.   In addition, this bill requires that the keep open letters have a  definite duration but does not preclude law enforcement from sending  subsequent letters to extend the period, should the investigation  continue.   This bill is a great example of how Democrats and Republicans can  come together on a number of issues of common interest.   In a world in which criminals and criminal organizations have access  to increasingly sophisticated tools and technologies to carry out their  criminal activities, we should help financial institutions in leveling  the playing field to bring these criminals to justice.   This bill follows other commonsense, bipartisan efforts that I have  supported to modernize our Nation's ability to confront dangerous  criminals and criminal organizations. I recently introduced with  Congressman Kustoff the CONFRONT Act, which would require the Treasury  Department to develop a national strategy to combat the financial  crimes of transnational criminal organizations and individuals. I am  hopeful that this bill can also be passed in the near future with  similarly strong bipartisan support.   This bill today is an important measure that allows financial  institutions to effectively assist with combating crimes such as money  laundering and illicit financing, and I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.   