 Mr. Chairman, I thank Congresswoman Lofgren for yielding  and for her leadership on this critical election security package.   Mr. Chairman, foreign interests shouldn't be able to influence  American elections, period. That is not a Democratic notion. It is not  a Republican notion. That is an American notion. We know that there is  an election just a year away, and we know that just this week one of  the world's most prominent social media companies acknowledged that  Russia, Iran, China, and other adversaries are actively working to  interfere in our next elections.   This is a no-brainer. It is time to take real action to fix loopholes  and protect our elections from foreign interference. That is why the  SHIELD Act is so important. There is a ton in this bill, and I am proud  that many of the components of the SHIELD Act are based on bills the  New Democratic Coalition endorsed, among them the Honest Ads Act.   Right now if a candidate or a group runs political ads on television  that is publicly available information. The public and the press are  able to access that information on who is buying the ad, how much they  are paying. Same thing on radio. But that is not true on social media.  If an entity buys ads on social media, there are no disclosure  requirements under the law, even though we know foreign adversaries are  seeking to buy online ads.   The Honest Ads Act would change that, and that is why it is a  bipartisan bill; 18 Democratic sponsors, 18 Republican sponsors, the  chair of Senate Judiciary, the vice chair of the Intelligence  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, they see this as a way to strengthen our  democracy and our national security. To enable law enforcement and the  press and others to better detect and investigate foreign involvement  in our elections.   The House has a choice to make, a choice to keep loopholes open and  continue to see threats against our democracy or a choice to take  action and pass the SHIELD Act. I am proud to be a sponsor of this  bill.   I thank Chair Lofgren and her team for their hard work on this, and I  am confident the House will make the right choice and pass this bill.   