 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call  be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to proceed as in morning business  for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, last week, the administration announced it  was going to raid $3.6 billion from military construction projects to  pay for President Trump's ineffective and controversial border wall.  That is the wall they gave their solemn word that Mexico would pay for.  Now the money is being taken out of our military.   Look at some of the things he has taken money from: a new middle  school at Fort Campbell, KY, a child development center at Joint Base  Andrews in Maryland, a new elementary school in Puerto Rico, a fire  rescue station at Tyndall Air Force base in Florida. These are among  the projects canceled on orders from a President who apparently values  his cynical campaign promise over our men and women serving our country  in uniform and their families.  [[Page S5378]]    Remember, on the campaign trail he repeatedly promised that Mexico  would pay for the wall. Supporters cheered about that--Mexico would  pay. Have my friends on the other side of the aisle forgotten that?   Now, after unsurprisingly failing to convince Mexico to do so, he is  forcing our troops and their families, who already sacrifice so much to  keep our country safe, to sacrifice yet again just to keep his ego  safe.   This announcement should outrage every U.S. Senator from both  parties--not just because it is an insult to our troops, which it is,  but also because it is part of a larger pattern by the President to  disregard the Congress and to subvert the Constitution. He is doing so  not in furtherance of our national security or to address the very real  humanitarian needs along our border; he is doing so merely in service  of his own ego, and that should not go unchallenged.   For those people at the White House who have actually read the  Constitution, they will find that article I, section 9 of the  Constitution established that Congress--and Congress alone--possesses  the power of the purse. Congress's exclusive power over our  government's spending priorities is one of the most critical checks and  balances in our constitutional system.   The President can propose funding for whatever project he wants--he  has that absolute right--but it is the job of Congress to decide where  to invest the American people's hard-earned tax dollars. In a democracy  and under our Constitution, the President has to respect those  decisions, but this President apparently is willing to ignore our  country's foundational document, the Constitution, or perhaps he has  not read it.   When President Trump declared a national emergency in February,  citing a crisis at the southern border, he did so for one reason: to do  an end-run around Congress and the Appropriations Committee and to use  taxpayer money to build a wall on the southern border, when Congress  specifically voted to downsize his request by $4.2 billion. He cited 10  U.S.C. 2808. That is an authority unlocked by the declaration of a  national emergency. He used that to raid military construction projects  to pay for the wall--projects we had determined were important and  worthy of Federal dollars like cleaning up the housing for some of our  soldiers and their families. He has done this by contorting the law  beyond all recognition. He has undone congressional funding decisions  by fiat.   This should concern any Senator in a State where critical military  construction projects are being canceled to pay for President Trump's  obsession with a medieval wall. It should concern those of us who  believe the Constitution should carry more weight than the whims of a  President who genuinely thinks--and he has actually said this out  loud--that the Constitution gives him the ``right to do whatever I want  as President.'' No. We have a Constitution because the President is not  above the law any more than the rest of us.   Only a few weeks ago, the administration yet again disregarded  objections from Congress and announced plans to divert $116 million we  appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security for national  security purposes, as well as $155 million from FEMA's wildfire and  hurricane disaster relief fund, and use it to detain more immigrants by  increasing the number of ICE detention beds and building court  facilities for the deeply misguided, dangerous, and cruel Remain-in- Mexico Program.   The level of funding for ICE detention beds was set in the fiscal  year 2019 in the Department of Homeland Security Act. That was passed  by Congress and signed by the President just 6 months ago. It was one  of the last issues resolved. Like the wall funding itself, it was  central to the final agreement.   I had serious concerns with the funding level we agreed to at that  time. I still do. There is no reason to turn to mass incarceration when  most people crossing our borders are desperately fleeing violence in  their home countries, not seeking to do harm to ours. More humane and  cost-efficient ways to address these issues exist and allow us to have  a secure border, but a deal is a deal. It is what we agreed to. The  President signed that bill into law. For the President to undo what he  signed into law only months later by increasing funding for ICE through  transfers is outrageous.    The fiscal year 2019 DHS appropriations act set a level of funding  that required DHS to end the fiscal year with a debt ceiling of 40,520.  They now operate at a level of 52,930 beds--a 31-percent increase, all  without the approval of Congress.   The President will say he is merely relying on general transfer  authority provided to him by Congress in the DHS appropriations act to  increase funding for ICE detention beds. Well, that is ridiculous. It  is disingenuous and makes no sense.   Congress provides the executive branch certain transfer authority so  it can be flexible and react in realtime to emergencies, unanticipated  needs, and changed circumstances. We have provided this flexibility for  decades for Presidents of both parties because it was the responsible  thing to do. No government can anticipate all of its needs at the  beginning of each fiscal year. We trust the administration to follow  the law, follow the Constitution, and use the authority appropriately.  We have done this for both Republicans and Democrats.   In return for that flexibility, past administrations of both parties,  they respected the will of Congress. For the most part, when the  Appropriations Committee objected to a transfer or reprogramming, the  objection was honored until a compromise might be reached.   This President, however--after all, he said the Constitution allows  him to do anything he wants, and we know it does not--has thrown that  tradition out the window. He has decided that consulting Congress is a  box-checking exercise to be summarily disregarded. For the second year  in a row, he is increasing money for ICE detention beds over the  objection of the Appropriations Committee and in violation of the  agreements reached in the DHS appropriations laws.   Earlier this year, he used the transfer authority to divert $2.5  billion from the Department of Defense accounts to pay for the wall  after Congress refused to give him that authority. That money is in  addition to the $3.6 billion he recently announced he will take from  military construction projects and $600 million that he took from the  Treasury asset forfeiture account for the wall.   He is doing all this while refusing to spend the money Congress  appropriated to address the root causes of migration in Central  America. So when will it stop? When will Members on the other side of  the aisle take a stand and say: ``We passed a law, and we expect you to  follow it''?   So far, the abuses of authority have been used in ways that mostly  impact issues Democrats care about. Republicans have stood silent. What  happens when the administration crosses a Republican redline? What  about Members from States impacted by the canceled military  construction projects? When this has been canceled in your State, will  you stand up for your State? If they will not stand up for Congress or  the Constitution, will they at least stand up for their own State?   Last month, the administration threatened to cancel over $4 billion  in foreign assistance in blatant violation of the law. The funds were  appropriated by overwhelming majorities of Republicans and Democrats  after lengthy negotiations between the House and Senate, including the  White House, and signed into law by the President.   These funds were intended to implement policies and programs which,  among other things, fulfill U.S. treaty obligations, support our allies  and partners, protect the public against Ebola and other infectious  diseases, counter Russian aggression and Chinese influence, respond to  humanitarian crises, and counter violent extremism. The President  backed down from this threat, but what if he had not? And now we hear  reports that he is withholding $250 million in aid to Ukraine meant to  counter the Russian invasion of that country.   This week, we will begin marking up the fiscal year 2020  appropriations bills in committee. If we care about this institution,  Members on both sides of the aisle need to stand up for the power of  the purse, granted to it under article I, section 9 of the  Constitution. I plan to  [[Page S5379]]  do so by offering amendments to appropriations bills to undo the  President's actions on the wall and to limit his flexibility to  transfer and reprogram money, which he has so abused.   I urge all members of the committee to support me in this effort. Our  country was built on the concept of separation of powers. This is  meaningless if Congress cedes one of its most important powers to the  executive branch or refuses to take a stand when the administration  overreaches, ignores Congress, or breaks the law.   We may disagree on the utility of the President's wall, but we should  not disagree on the constitutional role of this body. The President may  not care about our system of checks and balances, but every one of us  here should. Political winds tend to change direction. It is time to  reassert ourselves and do so before it is too late.   I yield the floor.   