 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak in  leader time.    Mr. President, the appropriations process demands that  Republicans and Democrats work together. If one party decides to go it  alone, it can wreck the spirit of bipartisanship necessary to  responsibly fund the government. Unfortunately, Republicans elected to  depart from a bipartisan path early in the appropriations process this  year.   We had a bipartisan deal on the budget caps--the 302(a), the defense- nondefense side. We were working on allocations to the 12 subcommittees  when the Republicans decided, without consulting any Democrat, to  divert funds from medical research, opioid treatment, and our military  and their families so they could appease the President's wish to spend  up to $12 billion extra for a border wall--a wall, by the way, that the  President promised Mexico would pay for.   Leader McConnell and Chairman Shelby knew it would not fly with  Democrats, and this ruse--this stunt, as the Republican leader is fond  of calling things that can't pass--puts the entire appropriations  process in jeopardy.   Somehow, in the wake of all of this, the Republican leader has been  accusing Democrats of threatening to block military funding. That is an  absurd statement, if there ever was one. We are simply trying to stop  Republicans from stealing the money from our military and putting it  into the wall, which he said Mexico would pay for.   The outcome of the upcoming vote to proceed to defense approps is not  in doubt. Leader McConnell knows that Democrats, as well as several  Republicans, oppose moving funds to the President's border wall that  have been duly allocated by Congress for other important purposes, all  military. The fact that Leader McConnell has scheduled this vote,  knowing it would fail, makes it nothing more than a partisan stunt. My  friend the leader reminds us all the time that the Senate is the place  to make laws, not engage in political theater. With the vote, Leader  McConnell will shatter his own rule.   At the same time, Republicans are considering having a vote tomorrow  to instruct the NDAA conferees to backfill some of the money they want  to divert for the President's wall. The House already voted this down.  Democrats--myself, Speaker Pelosi, Chairman Lowey, and Ranking Member  Leahy--have been crystal clear. We are not going to bless the  President's stealing money from the military by backfilling it later.  This would render Congress toothless and the appropriations process  meaningless. If the President is allowed to take money from where  Congress allocates it and puts it wherever he wants and we just give it  back to him, what is the point? Democrats won't vote for that  ridiculous precedent.   Let's remember what this is all about. The President pledged to build  a border wall that he promised Mexico would pay for. He then broke that  promise and demanded Congress appropriate taxpayer dollars for the wall  instead. When Congress declined to do that, the President declared a  legally dubious national emergency to divert already allocated military  funds to his wall. Now he is trying yet again to appropriate taxpayer  money for the wall, which is the same strategy that failed when he  tried it a year ago and then threw a temper tantrum and promised the  famous Trump shutdown.   I know my Republican friends want to wiggle out of this, but there is  only one way to return the money to our troops, where it belongs:  Republicans and Democrats join together in voting to terminate the  President's emergency declaration.   