 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer) for yielding and for his great work on the  committee.   Secretary Ross and Attorney General Barr are doing their jobs. So  what is their reward? Democrats are going to hold them in contempt.   Both agencies, the Commerce Department and the Justice Department,  have submitted 31,000 documents to the committee. They have made  available all kinds of witnesses for depositions and transcribed  interviews. In fact, we have got another one happening later this  month.   And the Secretary himself sat for over 6 hours in a hearing answering  every single question the committee had. He raised his hand, said he  swore to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so  help him God, and answered all the questions. And what does he get for  it? Democrats are going to hold him in contempt.   And why are they doing this? All because they don't want a simple  question on the Census: Are you a citizen of the United States of  America? That one sentence is driving it all.   Are you a citizen of the greatest nation in history is driving it  all.   They are going to hold two people doing their jobs in contempt, all  because we don't want to do what has been done for 200 years in this  country. Since 1820, in one form or another, we have been asking the  citizenship question on the Census. They are going to hold them in  contempt.   All because they don't want to do what the U.N. says is the best  practice, they are going to hold them in contempt.   All because they don't want to do what is just plain old common  sense.   Listen to what Justice Alito said in his opinion a couple weeks ago:  ``No one disputes that it is important to know how many inhabitants of  this country are citizens, and the most direct way to gather that  information is to ask it in a Census.''   Shazam. Imagine that. The best way to figure it out is to ask people  in the country that you are surveying. Holy cow.   And here is the kicker; here is the final thing: You go anywhere--go  anywhere--in this country, any State you want to go to, some small  town, some big city, walk up the street and ask someone on the street:  Do you think when we do the Census to figure out how many people are in  this country, it is appropriate to ask if you are a citizen?   Every person you talk to, every single one of them will say: Well,  heck yeah. And, oh, by the way, aren't we doing that already.   You would have to say: Yes. We have been doing it for 200 years.   This resolution is ridiculous, and we should vote it down.   