 I object.    Mr. President, if you are in a shaky financial situation,  wondering how you are going to meet your obligations, your first  instinct isn't generally to wildly increase your spending, unless, of  course, you are a congressional Democrat.   Our Nation's Medicare system is on shaky financial ground. Democrats'  answer is to massively expand the program to the tune of trillions of  dollars.   Two weeks ago, the Social Security and Medicare trustees released  their annual report. According to the report, beginning in 2026,  Medicare will not be able to meet its obligations. This doesn't even  seem to register on Democrats' radar. They steamroll right past the  program's already shaky financial status and ask the American people to  believe that, somehow, massively expanding the program to include  almost the entire U.S. population at a pricetag of staggering  proportions will work.   It is difficult to overstate just how unrealistic Democrats' Medicare  for All fantasy is. Start with the pricetag: $32 trillion over 10  years. To put that number in perspective, that is more money than the  Federal Government has spent in the last 8 years combined--on  everything. That $32 trillion estimate is likely too low, as it was  based on an earlier version of the Medicare for All plan of the Senator  from Vermont. His new plan also includes a massive new benefit--funding  for long-term care, an enormously expensive part of the healthcare  system.   Democrats' last attempt to have the government run a long-term care  program fell apart before it was even implemented because the program  was not financially viable.   Let's leave aside for a minute the tremendous cost and the tax hikes  on ordinary Americans that would be required to pay for it. Let's talk  about the massive difficulty of implementing such a system. The junior  Senator from Vermont expects people to believe that the government can  successfully transition more than 180 million people off of their  private insurance and into government-run healthcare in 4 years. To put  that in perspective, the Obama administration had 3\1/2\ years to  implement the ObamaCare exchanges, which were intended to cover a tiny  fraction of the number of people who would be covered under Medicare  for All. As I am sure most Americans remember, the government couldn't  put together a working website in that 3\1/2\ year time period. Yet  Democrats somehow expect us to believe that they can smoothly  transition 180 million Americans into government-run insurance in just  4 years.   We are also somehow supposed to believe things will be much more  efficient with government running your healthcare. It is certainly true  there is a lot of bureaucracy in our current healthcare system, but I  am fairly sure the answer is not giving control of healthcare to the  mother ship of bureaucracy--the Federal Government. Democrats also  apparently expect Americans to believe that the Federal Government will  be able to deliver almost unlimited healthcare for free. Unfortunately,  no matter how much money the Federal Government takes in with higher  taxes, there will eventually be a limit to how much it can spend on  healthcare.   What happens when it can't afford to meet demand, which, by the way,  tends to increase substantially when something is offered for free? I  will tell you what happens: long wait times and rationing of care,  which have become the hallmarks of socialized medicine in other  countries.   There is no question that our healthcare system is not perfect.  Republicans are currently working on legislation to address some of the  healthcare challenges facing Americans, but destroying our current  health system to fix the problems we have would be like razing a house  to the ground to fix a leak in the bathroom sink.   There are lots of good things about our healthcare system. A lot of  people in this country are happy with their healthcare. We need to  preserve the good things about our system and fix what is not working  and not force everyone into a fantastically expensive one-size-fits- all, government-run healthcare system that would reduce everyone's  quality of care.   The Democratic chairman of the House Rules Committee, discussing a  House hearing on Medicare for All, recently said: ``It's a serious  proposal that deserves serious consideration on Capitol Hill.''   I would argue that it is the exact opposite. The only things that are  serious about this proposal are the serious consequences it would have  for the American people if it were ever implemented. It is deeply  irresponsible of my Democrat colleagues to peddle this government-run  nightmare as a legitimate healthcare solution. One of our former  colleagues, Tom Coburn, used to say: If you think healthcare is  expensive now, wait until it is free.   Let's hope Democrats decide to take a more serious approach to  healthcare reform before Americans are forced to live under the ugly  reality of their socialist fantasy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   