 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman  Rodney Davis, my good friend, for his strong leadership on this bill  and his strong leadership on the Committee on House Administration for  leading the way on this.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today strongly opposed to H.R. 1. Among the  numerous, egregious provisions of H.R. 1, I am here to shed light on  one proposal that has increased vulnerabilities in our election system  in our home State of Illinois.   Under H.R. 1, Democrats are proposing a blanket, nationwide mandate  for States to adopt same-day registration practices with no safeguards.  Once again, my colleagues across the aisle are advocating a Big  Government solution, but, in fact, they are threatening the integrity  of our elections at every level of government.   Coming from Illinois where same-day registration and other lax  election laws have been passed by our Democrat-controlled legislature,  uncertainty has followed. The practice of same-day registration has  caused confusion for our election administrators and has opened the  door to fraud.   Under same-day registration in Illinois, an individual can arrive at  their polling place with a copy of their utility bill and cast a full  ballot without being fully verified thanks to same-day registration.   Election officials are having difficulty verifying residents in a  timely manner, particularly on college campuses where students have  been told that they can use a receipt from Jimmy John's sub shop to  confirm their voting domicile.   Under H.R. 1, these vulnerabilities and problems will be seen across  the country and exacerbated by provisions that will allow individuals  to use sworn statements in place of government IDs when registering to  vote.   H.R. 1 fails to address issues our States and others have seen with  same-day registration. We need stricter standards for same-day  registration, but H.R. 1 fails to provide any sufficient enforcement  mechanisms to verify voter registration.    Mr. Chairman, furthermore, H.R. 1 fails to deter bad  actors from taking advantage of the system by not criminalizing  fraudulent registrations.   Mr. Chairman, Republicans want more registered voters. We want more  Americans to fulfill their civic duty, but we can't simply push  legislation that jeopardizes the integrity of our election process and  potentially undermines our democracy.   H.R. 1 unconstitutionally mandates a one-size-fits-all Federal  approach to voter registration, fails to adequately address  vulnerabilities in our registration system, weaponizes the Federal  Election Commission, and, as the left-leaning ACLU says, infringes on  Americans' free speech right.   I strongly urge a ``no'' vote.   