 Mr. Speaker, I thank the former chairman for yielding  to me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation that I  sponsored with Dr. Ruiz, the Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act. I am  pleased to have Dr. Ruiz' medical expertise engaged on this issue.   Our Nation's servicemembers experience a variety of threats to their  health and well-being, many of which extend well beyond combat. The  theater of war can present many health challenges that do not show up  until later in life. We are learning that burn pit exposure can be one  such condition.   I occasionally smelled that type of smoke that can arise from burn  pits when I served in Iraq. I support increased research into the range  of health impacts that can arise from burn pit exposure. In order to  effectively help our Nation's veterans, we need an accurate registry of  servicemembers and veterans who were exposed to burn pits, as well as  detailed records of health impacts from that exposure.   Currently, the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry monitors  the health records of veterans exposed to burn pits. This registry  helps the VA identify health conditions possibly related to burn pit  exposure or other airborne hazards that can arise during military  service.   It also keeps exposed veterans informed about studies and treatments,  and it helps improve programs to help veterans who are concerned that  they may have been exposed to toxic chemicals while they were deployed.   The Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act will allow a veteran's family  member or other selected individual to update the burn pits registry  with the veteran's cause of death. This will improve the reported data  available for studies related to burn pits and help researchers examine  the full range of diseases, health conditions, and outcomes that may  result from exposure to burn pits.   Dr. Ruiz did an excellent job when he spoke to many of those types of  things that we need to be concerned about.   We still have a lot to understand about the impacts of burn pit  exposure, no doubt about it. This is one small, but important, step  toward that full understanding.   