 I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the  Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    Mr. President, I oppose the nomination of Sarah Pitlyk to  be a Federal district court judge in the Eastern District of Missouri.   I believe that people who are nominated to serve as Federal trial  judges ought to know their way around a courtroom. There are basic  levels of experience and qualifications that a person needs in order to  be an effective trial judge. I have no doubt that there are plenty of  experienced, qualified Republican attorneys and State court judges in  the Eastern District of Missouri, but Ms. Pitlyk is not one of them.   She has never tried a case. She has never taken a deposition. She has  never argued a motion in court. She has never picked a jury. She has  never participated at any stage in a criminal matter. The American Bar  Association's peer review process rated her ``unanimously not  qualified.'' The ABA said that ``Ms. Pitlyk's experience to date has a  very substantial gap, namely the absence of any trial or even real  litigation experience.''   The Senate is not doing our justice system any favors by confirming  trial judges who lack courtroom experience. My Republican colleagues  should stop rubber-stamping judicial nominees who lack basic  qualifications and experience.   Ms. Pitlyk also has made many statements in her career that indicate  that she has prejudged certain issues. For example, she wrote an  article describing the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the  Affordable Care Act as ``an unprincipled decision.'' She also gave a  speech earlier this year in which she described the Supreme Court's  jurisprudence on abortion as ``thoroughly activist,'' and ``politically  biased,'' and as containing ``gross defects.''   She has spent much of her legal career advocating against  reproductive rights, including a 2017 article in which she wrote that  ``surrogacy is harmful to mothers and children, so it's a practice  society should not be enforcing.'' She also said in a 2017 press  release that ``surrogacy diminishes respect for motherhood and the  unique mother-child bond, encourages exploitation of women, and it  commodifies pregnancy and children. Surrogacy also weakens society's  natural abhorrence of eugenic abortion.''   My colleague Senator Tammy Duckworth wrote a powerful letter in  response to Ms. Pitlyk's attacks on surrogacy. Senator Duckworth's  letter talked about her two beautiful daughters and her use of assisted  reproductive technology to start a family. She wrote: ``No American  should be denigrated and insulted for starting a family with the help  of assisted reproductive technology or opting to use surrogacy, which  is often a last resort.'' She went on to write: ``As a mother who  struggled with infertility for years and required IVF to start my  family, I would be one of the many Americans who could never enter Ms.  Pitlyk's courtroom with any reasonable expectation that my case would  be adjudicated in a fair and impartial manner. . . . Not after Ms.  Pitlyk accused families who opt for surrogacy of contributing to `grave  effects on society' including disrespecting motherhood.''   I want to commend Senator Duckworth for this powerful and personal  letter. I hope my colleagues pay attention to it.   I appreciate that at least one Republican Senator, Ms. Collins of  Maine, has said she will vote no on the Pitlyk nomination because of  Ms. Pitlyk's lack of qualifications and extreme views. I hope more  Republicans will join her.   I will vote no on the Pitlyk nomination, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.   