 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment that prevents funds  from being used to finalize, implement, or enforce the draft guidance  issued by the Food and Drug Administration in December of 2017, titled,  ``Drug Products Labeled as Homeopathic Guidance for FDA Staff and  Industry.''   The 2017 draft guidance actually upends three decades of settled  enforcement practice in homeopathy without a compelling reason or with  no directive from Congress. My amendment would prevent that overreach  and maintain the safe and effective guidance that has been in place  since 1987.   For decades, homeopathy has thrived as the fastest growing  alternative to pharmaceuticals, and FDA estimates more than 3 million  Americans use it. The products can be a natural alternative to  addictive opioids in the management of pain and other conditions.   The current guidance provides a precise definition of a homeopathic  product and clear manufacturing standards. Violations of these  standards are already subject to FDA enforcement. The  [[Page H4944]]  proposed change in guidance goes too far by restricting access to safe  homeopathic medicines, while also being less effective at regulating  the safety and quality of homeopathic products.   The new guidance replaces clear definitions with a vague, risk-based  approach. By its own admission, the FDA failed to consult with  consumers and those in the homeopathic community before they drafted  this guidance. The result is a poorly worded document that does not do  what it purports to do.   Instead, this guidance covers all products labeled as homeopathic  rather than distinguishing between those falsely labeled as homeopathic  and those that are actually homeopathic medicines which have already  been proven to be safe and effective. As written, the guidance  threatens to limit access to safe and effective homeopathic medicines  by subjecting them to new enforcement actions inconsistent with past  practice and existing law.   The draft guidance purports to address improperly manufactured  homeopathic products, and I support that, but the draft guidance drops  the explicit manufacturing guidelines already contained in the existing  guidance. Under the draft guidance, Americans would have fewer  assurances that their homeopathic medicines are pure and properly  manufactured.   The problems that FDA cites as reasons for introducing the draft  guidance, falsely labeled products and improperly manufactured  products, are actually better addressed under the current guidance, and  the FDA has been effectively addressing these issues for the last 30  years.   This draft guidance is an unnecessary regulatory overreach, and I  urge all Members to support this amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for his comments and  Ranking Member Fortenberry's assurances that we can get together with  the FDA and see what we can do to resolve this very difficult issue. I  look forward to working with him on this issue going forward.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time and withdraw my  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, if I heard right, the previous two amendments were  criticized for being overly broad and indiscriminate in the ways that  they attacked spending in this particular underlying legislation. Well,  I am laser focused. I am laser focused with my amendment.   My amendment would restrict funds from going to the EPA's Integrated  Risk Information System, or IRIS. That program is supposed to be  developing impartial science-based toxicity assessments on chemicals  for uniform use within EPA, and if that is what they were doing, I  would not be standing before you today. But as I came to know all too  well as I worked with former Chairman Lamar Smith and while serving as  chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology's Subcommittee on  Environment in the last Congress, the reality is different.   Over the past decade, IRIS has been repeatedly criticized by the  National Academy of Sciences and the Government Accountability Office  for its lack of transparency and improper use of scientific methods,  which have led to some significantly flawed risk assessments over the  years. In fact, GAO first added IRIS to its list of government programs  that are highly vulnerable to waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement in  2009. In the decades since, IRIS has made very few steps towards  significant improvement.   I strongly believe that instead of allowing a flawed and poorly  managed agency like IRIS to continue to operate, we should return  chemical assessments to the relevant program offices within the EPA  itself.   In the last Congress, I introduced legislation to achieve the reforms  I have outlined. That bill was reported out of the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee last fall. I have reintroduced that bill again in  this session, but it is laying in the Science Committee without further  action.   I believe that until there is a root-and-branch reform of the  chemical assessments process at the EPA, we simply cannot allow IRIS to  spread misinformation to the public as it is doing now   I urge all Members to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I just want to clarify for those in the Chamber  who may not be aware, IRIS is an information-collecting entity, not a  regulator. If IRIS were eliminated, EPA would still maintain an office  of research and development, which would perform chemical assessments  in coordination with a specialized program office within the Agency.  What will compromise public safety is a poorly run government office  spreading misinformation.   I also want to point out that both the nonpartisan NAS and GAO have  repeatedly criticized IRIS over the past 10 years. Even the few NAS and  GAO recognitions of improvements to IRIS over the years have been  strongly tempered by caveats that far more work needs to be done.   For instance, the 2018 NAS report, which has been cited, suggests  that IRIS still has not produced a basic handbook to guide its  operations, even though that recommendation was made more than 4 years  ago. This agency has been in existence since 1986 without a handbook, a  basic handbook.    Just to add a little bit more color to this debate, here is an  example of how absurd IRIS risk assessments can be. It sets the risk  value of the chemical ethylene oxide, which is often used to sterilize  medical equipment, at 100 parts quadrillion. That is a 1 with 15 zeros  behind it. That value is 19,000 times less than the naturally occurring  level of ethylene oxide in the human body. For perspective, OSHA sets  the risk level for ethylene oxide at one point per million, which is a  vastly higher threshold than IRIS itself.  [[Page H4973]]    I can speak similarly about flawed IRIS risk assessments related to  formaldehyde or acetone, a substance found naturally in breast milk.   To sum up, absurdly assessed risk either creates unwarranted public  panic or cynical disregard. Neither outcome creates a safer society.   Even worse, if IRIS is overly focused on evaluating the safety of  low-risk or, in some cases, effectively no-risk chemicals, then it is  likely to be distracted from assessing truly dangerous substances.   Again, I invite my colleagues to support this very important laser- focused amendment. We are not overly broad here. We are focusing on one  program that has been completely--not repudiated, but certainly been  highly criticized by the National Academy of Science and the GAO.   I urge my fellow Members to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   