 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized  for such time as I shall consume as the final speaker before the vote  on the nomination.    Thank you very much, Madam President.   Madam President, we are going to vote in just a few minutes to  confirm Andrew Wheeler to be Administrator of the Environmental  Protection Agency. There is no one better to serve in this role, and I  would know. Andrew worked for me for 14 years in both my personal  office as well as in my capacity as chairman of the Environment and  Public Works Committee.   He was with the committee back when President Trump nominated Andrew  as Deputy Administrator. I said: There is no one more qualified. There  is no one more qualified anywhere in America to handle this job than  Andrew Wheeler.   He has been Acting Administrator for the last 7 months. Let's keep in  mind that he was the most qualified person 7 months ago, and now he has  had 7 months on the job, and he has done a really great job. He has  been the Acting Administrator.   It didn't really start when he came on board with any of the  governmental Agencies. He has always been concerned about nature and  the environment. The guy was an Eagle Scout.   In fact, I remember the discussions of people who were with him when  he was actually climbing Mount Kilimanjaro. It was with a group of  people who were interested in nature and the environment. This came  early on with him. So he has the ability to lead the Agency.   I have always enjoyed following his career. After earning a law  degree at Washington University in St. Louis, he joined the EPA as a  special assistant in the Agency's Pollution Prevention and Toxics  Office in 1991. I am talking about 30 years ago. This guy has been  there for a long time. For all practical purposes, he has grown up in  that particular discipline.   He was an EPA employee for 4 years, transitioning to the George H. W.  Bush administration and then the Clinton administration after that,  where he earned three Bronze Medals for commendable service along the  way.   By the way, I doubt if there are too many people in this Chamber who  know what that is. So I am going to read it to you.   The Bronze Medal is given for ``significant service or achievements  in support of the Agency's mission or for demonstration of outstanding  accomplishments in supervision and leadership.''   That is Andrew Wheeler. He received three of those.   I know you have heard a lot of people opposing him. Regretfully,  there are a lot of people opposed simply for the reason that this is a  nominee of the President. We went through this with Mr. Kavanaugh. We  heard all of these things, and people now look back, and many of them  regret that they said the things that they said.   It is awfully hard to be critical of Andrew because he is such a nice  guy.   He left the Agency. He brought the sense of service and leadership  with him to the U.S. Senate, where I had a front-row seat because he  worked for me for 14 years.   He just did really tremendous work. There were never any complaints  about him. He knew what he was doing. Again, with a 31-year background,  there is nothing that he doesn't know about the mission.   Andrew started in my personal office as chief counsel and  transitioned to staff director for a Senate subcommittee. I was a  subcommittee chairman at the time on the subcommittee called the Clean  Air, Climate Change, Wetlands, and Nuclear Safety Subcommittee. He was  the one who did all the work, and I took the credit, but it worked.   In 2003, when I became the chairman of the Environment and Public  Works Committee, Andrew became our chief counsel. Over the next 6  years, he would eventually become staff director and we worked closely  together on highway bills, energy bills, the Diesel Emissions Reduction  Act, and the Clear Skies Act.   I can remember when this was taking place because someone who was a  very close friend of mine and is no longer here, Barbara Boxer from  California, worked together on these things. It was really kind of  funny. Philosophically, we were opposed to each other as much as two  people could be, but we accomplished everything. We accomplished the  things that other people were not able to accomplish.   It is only natural that the President would nominate Andrew to be the  Deputy Director at that time of the EPA. That was last April. He was  confirmed in a bipartisan vote.   I will always remember that he gave a speech over at the EPA. It was  kind of a welcome speech at that time. That was the day that he was  confirmed as Deputy Director of the EPA. I think every single employee  was in there, really, to kind of pay homage to him. It is a big deal.  Here is a guy who started 30 years ago at the bottom. He is just a  normal person in the bureaucracy, and all of a sudden--not all of a  sudden, it took him almost 30 years to do it--he climbs up to become  Deputy Director. So he was really a model. He was a model to those 200  or 300 people.   Andrew didn't even know this as he was making his initial speech, but  I watched the looks on their faces, and the model that he was for them  was that there is room at the top. Here is a guy who climbed all the  way up, and he reached the top.   He knows what it takes to ensure that our environment is cared for  within the laws passed by Congress. He will ensure that all  stakeholders are heard, and he will provide certainty and stability for  the regulated community. That is a switch.   One of the reasons I ran for Congress in the first place many years  ago was the fact that I was a builder and developer and I was  overregulated. I know what it is like firsthand. He will be a good  steward of the environment without punishing our States, without  punishing our farmers, and without punishing our job creators just for  the sake of it. Those days are behind us.   Andrew has worked on these issues for his entire 28-year career, and  I am honored that he chose to spend half of his 14 years working for  me. So I have directly benefited from his service. The U.S. Senate has  benefited from his leadership, and now America will benefit as well.   Let's vote Andrew in and put him to work.  [[Page S1568]]     I ask for the yeas and nays.   