 Mr. Chairman, I know my friend from Maryland to be a  very smart person.   But I also know, I was around when--and I had a 4-year Army  commitment--when we went from draft to having all-volunteer. And I said  back at the time, well, this means we are going to have to spend a lot  of money recruiting, encouraging people, advertising to get people to  join the military.   In recent years, there has been so much anti-American sentiment, and  polls are showing that it has been rising, that that does have an  effect on recruiting.   I was out there, it was a fantastic--it rained. That brought the  temperature down, but it was fantastic. And I have already heard about  two young people who said, I saw that on television. I was thinking  about the military. I am now not thinking about it; I am joining.   Now, just so you know--let's see, we spend, between the Army Active  Duty and the Army Reserve, Army National Guard, Air Force Active Duty,  Air Force Reserve, Air National Guard, Navy Active Duty, Navy Reserve,  Marine Corps Active Duty and Marine Corps Reserve, actually $662  million in 2015, but only $574 million in 2017. So it had been down  from where it was in 2015. But this costs the military, it is projected  around $1.2 million.   I cannot imagine a more effective use of that money for showing  people what they can be a part of if they join in the defense of this  country.   And, heck, when I was in the Army for 4 years, we had displays,  Congressmen, Senators, they would show up, and we would have a parade  for them.   It seems kind of ridiculous to say we hate this President so badly,  any Member of Congress, any Senator, you can go have a parade for you,  but not the President. The President can't call up and say I am coming  down; how about a parade; because under the language the gentleman has  read, he can't ask for anything like that.   He is the Commander in Chief of all of the military; and even in  Washington's day, it was a good thing for the President to have a  parade, to encourage people to build up American, pro-American  sentiment.   So it is not a bad thing, it is a good thing. This was money well- spent. I can't imagine a better use of military funding. And the Park  Services Director said, it was a boon for them. So it was a good use,  and I would encourage a ``no'' vote on the amendment.   