 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to thank my good friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Perlmutter) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, we are here today on two items, both of which are  actually bipartisan ideas. And though this has been an eventful week  and month at the Rules Committee, I am pleased that we are ending on  such a high note before we return to our districts.   Of course, this rule is not all sunshine and roses. It does add same- day authority for any measure through tomorrow. My good friend,  Chairman McGovern, had a term for this procedure in the last Congress.  He called it ``martial law.''   I would remind my friends that pushing through bills on short notice,  at the last minute, and using the martial law procedure is a recipe for  potential disaster, and certainly is no way to make good law. It is  also contrary to the commitment the Democrats made, upon taking the  majority, to provide 72 hours notice before bringing a bill to the  floor for a vote; a rule they already are violating with one of the  measures today, albeit only by a matter of hours.   I would also remind my friends that with consideration of the budget  agreement today, there is absolutely no other legislation that is so  critical and that must be done this week to justify needing  this extraordinary procedure.    The only thing my friends would use this martial law for is to  advance highly-partisan messaging bills in order to appease some  faction or other in their caucus ahead of the recess. That is a waste  of the committee's time and a waste of the House's time. And I assure  you, you will have plenty of time for these types of bills in the fall.   On a much more positive note, though, as I said at the start of my  remarks, the two bills covered by this rule today are actually  bipartisan, and we should all be encouraged by that.   One bill, H.R. 549, the Venezuela TPS Act of 2019, was brought up on  the floor on suspension on Tuesday. It, unfortunately, failed to reach  the required two-thirds threshold needed for passage under suspension  of the rules. But I have every confidence that it will easily pass the  House later today under this rule; and I certainly look forward to  supporting it with my friends on the other side of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, a lot of people talk about the need for bipartisanship  around here, but in our second bill for today, we have an excellent  example of what the word actually means. H.R. 3877, the Bipartisan  Budget Act of 2019, is as advertised. It is a bipartisan bill that sets  budgetary needs for fiscal years 2020 and 2021. It suspends the debt  limit until July 31 of 2021 to protect the full faith and credit of the  Nation. And it avoids devastating sequestration cuts.   I said a moment ago that this is an excellent example of what  bipartisanship means, and I truly believe that to be the case. This is  a bill that was negotiated between the President of the United States  and the leaders of both  [[Page H7392]]  parties in both Houses of Congress, resulting in the kind of  bipartisan, bicameral budget deal in which all Members can have  confidence.   Is this bill a perfect one? No, of course not. No bill ever is. I,  myself, would have preferred that this bill address entitlement reform  and deficit reduction, and I am certain that some of my friends on the  other side of the aisle would have preferred a lower defense spending  number. Some of my friends on my side of the aisle would have preferred  a higher defense spending number.   But even when we both agree that this bill isn't perfect, it is still  a good deal for the American people.   I think this bill achieves four bipartisan goals that I would like to  highlight.   First, with the passage of this bill, we would avoid the horrific  consequences of defaulting on our national debt, which would lead to an  economic chaos the likes of which none of us should ever wish to see.   Second, in setting new budgetary levels, we will avoid the automatic  and devastating sequestration cuts that would have taken effect at the  beginning of October of this year.   Third, it allows us to move forward with clarity on the  appropriations process for the coming fiscal year and probably for the  fiscal year after that.   And fourth, it allows us to resume the process of rebuilding our  military after years of underfunding left it with a severe readiness  crisis.   When the Commander in Chief tells us that he needs something to  defend America, there can only be one answer, and that answer is yes.   Mr. Speaker, I think every Member of the House can be proud of the  work done by the leaders of both parties to get us to this point. All  five of the people in question, the President, the Speaker, the House  Republican Leader, the Senate Majority Leader, and the Senate Minority  Leader, negotiated in good faith and produced a compromise bill that  all five of them stand behind.   In order to get there, every one of them had to give up some things.  That is what it takes to make a compromise, and this is what makes this  bipartisan bill possible.   I know there are Members of this House who are disappointed with this  bill. I, too, as I mentioned earlier, am not completely satisfied with  it. But I trust my leaders to negotiate on our behalf. And when they  came back with this deal, I trusted that this was the best compromise  they could reach. Everybody had to give something to get something, and  I trust that the leaders of my party achieved as much as they could in  the course of the negotiation.   The same should hold for my friends across the aisle with their  leaders of their party. Working together, all five did exactly what  leaders are supposed to do; they led and, in doing so, came to the best  deal possible, not for each party, but for the whole Nation.   Now it is up to the Members of the House to say yes and move forward  with the passage of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by doing something unusual in a rules  debate. I want to agree with everything my good friend from Florida had  to say. I am very pleased with her work and my colleague Mr. Diaz- Balart's work on this legislation, as well as the other Members that  she mentioned.   This is an important bill for us to pass for exactly the reasons my  friend laid out. The reality is we have an unfolding political crisis  in Venezuela, and we have people at fear for their life and, frankly,  leaving a collapsing economy.   This country ought to be a refuge for people in those kinds of  circumstances, so I share my friend's hope that we get this done here  and then we get action in the United States Senate.   I do want to advise the Chair, Mr. Speaker, that, if we defeat the  previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to immediately  bring up H.R. 336, the Strengthening America's Security in the Middle  East Act of 2019, with an amendment that will make it identical to S.  1, which passed the Senate in a bipartisan vote of 77-23 earlier this  year.   This bill includes many critical provisions, but the most important  section of this bill is the Combating BDS Act of 2019, which will allow  a State or local government to adopt measures to divest assets from  entities using boycotts, divestments, or sanctions to influence  Israel's policies.   Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the House passed H. Res. 246, a  nonbinding resolution opposing the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions  movement; and while I appreciate the House's action in passing that  resolution, we can do better in opposing this heinous practice than  simply passing a nonbinding resolution. Actions speak louder than  words. We cannot just say we believe in something. We must do  something.  [[Page H7393]]    H.R. 336 would do something. It would allow a State or local  government to stand with us in defense of Israel.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with the extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff), my good friend, for further  explanation of this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I agree with my friend very much. These two pieces of legislation are  excellent, and they are must pass, and I look forward with working with  him on that.   But this is such an extraordinary outbreak of bipartisanship, I think  we should go for broke and bring up this other legislation as well,  which is equally bipartisan, as my friend says. I don't want to waste  this magic moment, Mr. Speaker. We don't get many of them around here.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from  New York (Mr. Zeldin), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Zeldin), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I want to begin by thanking my colleague for a good debate and,  frankly, for both of us having the enjoyable and unusual position of  being in favor of both the pieces of legislation that are dealt with in  the rule.   I want to go back and talk, just briefly, about the Venezuela TPS  legislation that our good friend and our fellow Rules Committee member,  Ms. Shalala, has. That is an important piece of legislation. That is an  important statement of American principles. I think it is an important  institutional moment for us in the House, because we are passing  something jointly to try and get the other body to do something jointly  as well, because I am quite convinced if that got to the floor, it  would pass in a very substantial bipartisan way. I am glad to work with  my friends to achieve this.   I suppose I am even more pleased about the bipartisan Budget Act. I  want to again congratulate the five leaders on both sides of the aisle  who actually got this done. The President of the United States sat down  and negotiated this.   We have a lot of people on my side of the aisle that are big  supporters of the President of the United States. I hope they show that  support today by actually voting for the deal that he negotiated and  has tweeted out that he supports.   Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate in our own Chamber the Speaker  and the Republican leader, Ms. Pelosi and Mr. McCarthy, for also  participating in that and working together.   I know each one of them had to go back to their caucuses and probably  deliver some news that people in those caucuses did not want to hear.  That is certainly true on our side of the aisle. I know it is true on  the gentleman's side of the aisle as well.   That is what leaders do. They come to agreements and they go back,  and they explain to their supporters, ``Hey, I couldn't get you  everything you wanted, even though I wanted those things, too,'' but  every now and then you need to sit down and put what is good for the  American people first.   We all know that a catastrophic debt ceiling crisis and default, what  that would do to our economy, how many people that would put out of  work.   We all know what having an agreed-upon deal in terms of stability  going forward for 2 years means for the American military, but for  every other agency of government as well. These are huge, huge wins  even if there was some sacrifice.   Now, would I like to do some more on deficit reduction and  entitlement reform? I absolutely would. We will continue to work on  that.   But any time I can come to an agreement that saves the economy, that  provides government stability, that gives our military the ability to  plan and to rebuild itself over a 2-year period, and that the Commander  in Chief is asking me to do, I am going to vote for that every single  time.   I am very proud to be voting for it with my friends on the other side  of the aisle, who also, again, had objectives in this that they weren't  able to reach.   Finally, I would be remiss--I do this as seldom as possible--but I  will praise the United States Senate, because the majority leader and  the minority leader were also indispensable in getting this done, and  in many ways probably came to an agreement between themselves  faster even than the other parties involved. But at the end of the day,  again, both of those leaders, the majority leader and the minority  leader in the Senate, had to go back and tell their caucuses, ``Look,  this is the best deal I can get. I can't get everything I want. We are  not going to achieve everything we would like to achieve.''    Again, I respect my colleagues who look at the deal and say, ``That  is not good enough.'' That is fine, but can they tell me what is better  that they can get passed?   I see no alternative to this particular piece of legislation that is  not worse.   The worst thing to do would be to defeat this bipartisan budget  agreement and then deal with sequester or a debt crisis or a shutdown  or, at best, a CR that would project these quarrels forward into the  next year.   It is already a pretty tense political time between all sides.   The fact, again, that we are coming together and making a bipartisan  agreement really reflects well on our respective leaders on each side  of the aisle and certainly on the President.   I think if the Members will vote in a bipartisan fashion, it will  reflect well on them and on the institution as well.   Mr. Speaker, I know some doubted that we could ever work together. I  think this is the most significant thing we have done together this  year, and I just want to thank all concerned.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to supporting it enthusiastically. I hope  others of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle will do the same.   Mr. Speaker, with that, while I oppose the rule, I would certainly  urge passage of both these important pieces of legislation, and I look  forward to working with my friends in that regard.  [[Page H7395]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   