 Mr. Chairman, I wish to thank my colleague from Alaska,  the Dean of the House here, Mr. Young, for his strong efforts for many  years on opening up this important piece of energy for our country and  for our whole grid.   It is fascinating to listen to the debate here. Every piece of land,  everything we would ever go to develop, whether it is for a pipeline,  for energy, for forestry, the moment somebody approaches that resource,  these God-given resources we have all over this country, it now becomes  this pristine, untouchable, non-usable land that we shouldn't have  anything to do with as humankind.   Salvage logging after a fire, oh, we can't do that. We have to sue  over that. So we hear a lot about Big Oil.   How about big enviro? There are a lot of people who make a lot of  money, six-digit numbers and more, in this town, a lot of dollars that  come in by invoking a picture of an animal who probably was a victim of  a fire in a forest because we are not managing that.   We have 47,000 acres of burning fire right in my district, in Plumas  County in northern California, because we are not allowed to go out and  manage these lands.   Almost everybody here in this Congress that lives more than a few  hundred miles away flew here by a jet to get to this place to do this  session. So where is the hypocrisy being talked about with the amount  of energy everyone uses?   Energy has to come from somewhere, Mr. Chairman, for us to live as we  do, to keep the lights on in this place, to keep it cool in here, to  keep it warm in the winter--especially in the northeast where it is  extremely cold. Oil is needed. Energy is needed.   We need to develop it in this country. We hear: We are exporting oil.  We are importing oil. Well, there are different types of oil for  different types of purposes, too. You have different types of food you  exchange for different recipes. We have different types of oil and  different types of energy.   Do we want to be relying or have our European allies relying on  Iranian oil? Is that what we are asking here? Do we want them to be  relying upon Russian natural gas in our European theater? No. We need  to be part of that matrix, the United States. If we are an exporter or  self-sufficient, we need to be active on this.    Mr. Chair, we know how to ecologically do it well. This  isn't 1850. We are not going to go out and do horrible environmental  damage. We know how to do this right and we will be responsible. When  that resource is done being used someday, we are going to put it back  how it was.   We need to develop within our own country under our own rules,  instead of having the arrogance of relying on other countries who do it  without rules, such as China, such as the Middle East, and others that  don't have  [[Page H7677]]  our best interests or even the environment at heart.   