 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  and his leadership and our friend from the Northern Mariana Islands for  moving this legislation forward.   This is about leadership in terms of ending the global practice. My  colleague from Louisiana understates the power that the United States  has in terms of getting our policies right. Yes, we have outlawed shark  finning in 2010, but the international traffic continues, and we need  to take this next step.   This is a progression of efforts to try to deal with animal welfare.  This is one of the first arguments we hear whether it is illegal  poaching, the ivory trade, or other endangered species, we have been  able to set the table on a global stage to be able to change the  dynamics, to change the economics, and to change public perception.   Sharks are declining globally. There may be a species or two here or  there, but, overall, this apex predator species--so important for the  health of the ecosystem--is in peril, and the practice of shark finning  is part of this.   Mr. Speaker, you have heard about de-finning while they are still  alive and discarding them back in the water which is a very common  practice. We know that my State of Oregon is one where people stepped  up and ended this barbaric practice. We have mobilized voting  initiatives where we deal with problems of trafficking with exotic  species. It has proven that our action in 2010 prohibiting the taking  of fins was not enough as long as this global trade continues  unchecked. There still is a market for the fins in the United States  and around the world, and it is fueled by imports sourced from all over  the world, including locations with no ban. We are one of the top 15  shark fin importing nations.   Who knew?   As a result, it is highly likely that shark fins sold in the United  States came from sharks that have been brutally finned.   I am pleased that we are taking action to do the right thing and ban  the trade of shark fins. I hope the Senate takes this bill up quickly  and passes it so we can get it enacted into law. This is one of the  things we could actually agree with. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the  bipartisan support evidenced here today.   But I hope that we can continue forward with an animal welfare  agenda. There is a series of bills on a bipartisan basis, for example,  the PREPARED Act, to help animals during natural disasters, the  Wildlife Conservation and Anti-Trafficking Act to combat wildlife  trafficking, and the SAFE Act to prevent horse slaughter.   We have these bipartisan pieces of legislation with major sources of  cosponsors. They are teed up and ready to go. I hope this passes today  with overwhelming support, and it is one more step as we implement an  animal welfare agenda that is one of the areas where we can work  together on a bipartisan basis to make the world a little better.   