 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, the month of May is Military  Appreciation Month. It is a time when we as a country can come  together, pause, and recognize the sacrifices of those who have raised  their right hands, worn the cloth of our country, and continue to serve  the world's greatest military day in and day out.   They have exceptionally long days and difficult tasks. Sometimes they  fight the fight of boredom while hanging out and guarding a spot.  Sometimes they are in exceptionally stressful full-on combat mode. They  are prepared for both.   Throughout the month of May, there are actually six different days of  observation to honor our Nation's military and their families, who have  sacrificed so much: Loyalty Day, Public Service Recognition Week,  Victory in Europe Day, or V-E Day, Military Spouse Appreciation Day,  Armed Forces Day, and, of course, at the end of the month of May, a  pause for Memorial Day. All of these observances within 1 month, in  May. It is a clear sign that our military is one of the most important  cornerstones of our country and that their sacrifice is unmatched. So  we should honor and celebrate it.   In addition to our servicemembers and veterans, I hope all Americans  also recognize the service of their family members while their husband,  wife, son, daughter, mom, and dad are wearing the uniform. They could  be gone for months at a time on multiple deployments.   I had the opportunity to meet with many family members in Oklahoma.  Their spouse, mom, dad, son, or daughter has been deployed multiple  times into several different theaters. While they are fully deployed,  their family waits, and it is a long and difficult wait. It is tough  for the family.   For those who serve in our National Guard, it is tough on employers.  It is tough on their personal finances. It is a stressful environment.  For those folks who have done it and continue to serve--that 1 percent  of our Nation that defends the other 99 percent of our Nation--we could  not be more grateful for them and for their family members.   To our Gold Star families, those who are left behind to continue the  legacy of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice, we thank you for  your service and for your love of country.   As a nation, it is our duty to continue to support our Gold Star  families, to encourage them, to check on them, and to live life with  them.   Just last week, I introduced legislation with Senator Carper to  expand certain educational benefits to the survivors of guardsmen and  reservists who have died as a result of their service. This is the  least we could do as a nation to walk alongside those Gold Star  families.   Over 33,000 Active-Duty Guard, Reserve, and Active-Duty personnel are  currently assigned in Oklahoma. We have Oklahomans serving our country  and protecting our interests, literally, all over the world right now.  We are home to Altus Air Force Base, Tinker Air Force Base, Vance Air  Force Base, Fort Sill Fires Center of Excellence in the McAlester Army  Ammunition Plant, as well as countless different National Guard  locations all around the State. We train and equip our soldiers,  airmen, sailors, and marines, and I am proud of the Oklahomans who wear  the uniform.   As we continue this Military Appreciation Month, I hope all Americans  take the time to remember that 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, whether  you are awake or asleep, someone is on guard watching our Nation right  now, and someone is defending our freedoms right now. Whether you are  hearing about Military Appreciation Month while you are at work, while  you are at play, or while you are at rest, someone is not resting right  now. They are defending your freedoms, and we are grateful.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Christian  Braunlich, an Air Force defense fellow in Senator Sullivan's office, be  granted floor privileges for the remainder of the Congress.   