 Madam Speaker, the last vote that we just saw on the  House floor is beneath the dignity of the House.   We have rules for a reason. Just because one party is in the  majority, Madam Speaker, doesn't mean that the rules don't apply to  them. The rules apply to all of us. Just as we are passing laws here,  that ought to apply to all people fairly across this country. The  reason we have these rules is so that we can rise above the fray.   We have disagreements on this floor. What is great about this country  is we have the ability to come and battle over the disagreements, but  we shouldn't get into personality conflicts on this floor. We shouldn't  be trying to accuse people of one thing or another, disparagingly, on  this floor.   That is why we have these rules, so that we can actually debate the  issues that people care about rather than engaging in this constant  barrage of personality attacks that we have seen week after week after  week.   The American people expect us to be spending our time up here  fighting for the issues they care about. They want us to be spending  time focusing on lowering their prescription drug prices, lowering  healthcare prices, rather than this foolishness. They want us to be  solving the crisis at the border, not ignoring it, not disparaging it,  but actually focusing on solving it.   These are easy issues for us to solve if we come together and spend  real time in good faith working on them, rather than this foolishness.   Look at all of the other problems that our country faces, that people  call on us to address. They expect that we are spending our time up  here focusing on those problems, getting our economy back on track like  it is now. It took people working together, and it is working.   We can do more.   Fighting the evils across this world, when you look at what Russia is  doing, when you look at what Iran is doing, when you look at what China  is doing, us to be coming together, standing up and working on those  problems for the people who sent us here, not worried about ourselves,  not fighting amongst  [[Page H5855]]  ourselves, but actually focusing on their problems, that is why we are  supposed to be up here. That is why the rules of the House should apply  to all people, not just selectively to some.   