 Madam Speaker, The Washington Post headlined the story  immediately following President Trump taking the oath of office  stating: ``The campaign to impeach President Trump has begun.'' How  accurate they were.   Here we are, almost 3 years later, and what we are witnessing today  is unprecedented in American history, a very partisan-based impeachment  with no facts that warrant it. This is an impeachment based on hearsay  and speculation rooted in a deep-seated hatred for a man whom many of  my colleagues on the other side detest--not all, but many. Nowhere in  the Constitution does it say that personal disdain is grounds for  impeachment.   At every turn, the claims made by my Democratic colleagues have  turned out to be false.   Early on, it was claimed there was evidence of Russian collusion.  There was none.   We were told the FBI didn't abuse the FISA process in its  investigation of the Trump campaign. That, too, has now been proven  completely false.   Then, when the Russian collusion hoax collapsed, we were told that we  would hear from a whistleblower that had details of a nefarious call  between the President and the President of Ukraine. Then, we found out  they weren't even on the call, and we still don't even know who the  whistleblower is.   We were told there was clear evidence of a quid pro quo for personal  gain. After reading the transcript, it is obvious that you have to make  assumptions that wouldn't even stand up in traffic court to come to  that conclusion.   Instead, the indisputable facts of record destroy their case:   The call transcript shows no conditionality between aid and an  investigation.   President Zelensky said there was no pressure.   The Ukrainian government had no knowledge that any aid was being held  up at the time of the call.   Ukraine never opened an investigation, but still received aid and a  meeting with President Trump.   Though they allege treason and bribery by the President, the articles  we consider today only make vague accusations of abuse of power and  obstruction of Congress because they found no evidence of treason or  bribery, or anything else, for that matter.    Madam Speaker, today is a very sad day for our Republic.  The country is now more divided than it ever has been in my lifetime.  The truth has been trampled by this House of Representatives. Because  of the abuses of the FBI and the Department of Justice, more Americans  have an even dimmer view of very important American institutions.  Thankfully, the lens of history will ensure that the truth is told and  will endure.   