 Madam Speaker, the decision to impeach a President of the  United States is of enormous magnitude and utmost significance. There  are few issues that so deeply reflect upon the Constitution and the  American system of governance.   As a senior member of the United States House Foreign Affairs  Committee, I have spent years trying to promote American values of  democracy and the rule of law in other parts of the world, including  Eastern Europe. Because I have been so steeped in Ukrainian issues for  so long, I know how damaging President Trump's actions were.   But the President's damage does not end there. He has consistently  obstructed at every turn of this investigation. This Nation's Founding  Fathers fought to end unaccountable rule. We did not free ourselves  from a King to turn the President into a monarch.   The camera of history is rolling, and I will cast my vote consistent  with the principles of democracy, the rule of law, and our Constitution  for the impeachment of President Donald J. Trump. I do so because I  could not look my granddaughter or any member of future generations in  the eye having condoned actions that undermine our democratic system,  and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same.   May God bless the United States of America.   I stand before you on a serious and solemn day in the House of  Representatives. The decision to impeach a President of the United  States is of enormous magnitude and the utmost significance. There are  few issues that so deeply reflect upon the Constitution and the  American system of governance.   My ancestors were African slaves, forced on a transatlantic journey  from the coasts of Sierra Leone to the plantations of South Carolina. I  know full well that the designers of our Constitution, who embedded an  economy of human bondage into the fabric of our political institutions,  were not perfect men. Yet they wrote a malleable document that allowed  American society to adjust to changing times while laying down eternal  principles: democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of belief, open  markets, and a separation of powers. Indeed, they laid the foundation  for a nation that would allow men and women like myself, who are  descended from slaves, to become Members of Congress with the right and  duty to weigh in on the most important questions confronting our  republic. I will exercise that responsibility here today.   Given my background as a lawyer and former prosecutor, I believe we  must look at the relevant law in question before casting a vote. That  language comes directly from the Constitution: ``The President . . .  shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of,  Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.'' The two  articles of impeachment brought against President Trump concern his  abuse of power and his obstruction of Congress.  [[Page H12175]]    As a senior Member of the United States House Foreign Affairs  Subcommittee with a particular focus on Europe, I have spent years  trying to promote American values of democracy and the rule of law in  other parts of the world including Eastern Europe. Other nations have  not been blessed with political institutions that promoted civil  liberties and the rule of law. Today, in Ukraine however there are  leaders keen on anticorruption initiatives, invested in following the  Western democratic model, and inspired by the American example. Nearly  13,000 Ukrainians have been killed since 2014 because of the conflict  provoked and sustained by Russia, who opposes this vision of liberty  and opportunity.   Over the years, I have pushed for the U.S. government to fund and  protect these Ukrainian freedom fighters from Russian aggression. As  the leader of the United States, President Trump has responsibility to  help Ukraine lay the ground work for a more sustainable system of  governance, one that promotes the rule of law and free and fair  elections. This duty is inextricably linked to American national  security interests. Because I have been steeped in these issues  pertaining to Ukraine for so long, I know how damaging President  Trump's actions were. Based on witness testimony and the overwhelming  evidence presented, I am forced to conclude that the President abused  the power of his office for his own personal gain rather than the  public interest and that this was in fact an impeachable offense.   The second article of impeachment concerns President Trump's  obstruction of Congress. Our constitutional system was designed to  promote checks and balances among the different branches of government,  with a particular focus on ensuring that the judiciary and the  legislature could check the President. We did not free ourselves from a  King to tum the President into a monarch.   In the case of our current President, he has shown his disdain for  separation of powers unrelentingly and unrepentantly. This pattern of  behavior evidenced throughout the Mueller investigation and repeated  itself again as the President has continually defied any oversight  initiatives from the legislature. This is in complete contravention of  our Constitutional system. And it is an impeachable offense.   In sum, the founders knew from the very beginning that the insertion  of domestic political interests into foreign policy would be an  existential threat to the United States. Indeed, confidence in our  electoral system at home has been indispensable to the strength of our  republic while the absence of quid pro quo corruption from our foreign  policy has been essential to American leadership abroad. President  Trump's misconduct has betrayed both of these vital principals,  weakening our democratic institutions at home and our standing abroad.   The camera of history is rolling. Today's vote is not about one man,  but instead about the foundations of our republic for the years,  decades, and centuries to come. I will cast my vote consistent with the  principles of democracy, the rule of law, and the American  constitutional system and for the impeachment of President Donald J.  Trump. I do so because I could not look my granddaughter or any member  of future generations in the eye having condoned actions that undermine  our democratic system.   I urge all of my colleagues to do the same.   May God bless the United States of America.   