 Mr. Chairman, today, I rise in opposition to H.R. 8.   Mr. Chairman, this legislation claims to be a solution to gun  violence, yet does nothing to actually solve the real problems that  contribute to this crisis. As it stands now, this legislation does  nothing to make our schools, churches, or communities safer. In fact,  it only infringes on the constitutionally guaranteed Second Amendment  rights of law-abiding American citizens, something I cannot support.   This bill will criminalize the private transfer of firearms and will  make exercising basic constitutional rights impossibly expensive for  millions of law-abiding Americans. Not to mention, it is essentially  unenforceable without a national gun registry. But, let's be honest,  that is where my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to end  up: registering firearms so they can systematically take them away. We  must stop our Nation from falling down this slippery slope.   I think we can all agree that something needs to be done to stop the  illegal ownership and misuse of firearms, but H.R. 8 is not the answer.  This legislation would have done nothing to prevent many of the  prominent tragedies that occurred in my home State of Florida.   The shooter at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland  passed a background check. The shooter at the Pulse nightclub in  Orlando passed a background check. And, just weeks ago, a man who  murdered five women in my district passed a background check.   H.R. 8 would have done nothing to stop these violent acts, just like  the previous attempts to require universal background checks have done  nothing to prevent actual crimes.   If Democrats are serious about gun violence, they would have voted  for my amendment. I filed an amendment in committee that would have  required law enforcement to be notified upon the attempt of someone to  purchase a firearm and failed a background check. Law enforcement would  have been notified. But instead of supporting policies that curtail  legal possession of firearms, the Democrats on both the Judiciary  Committee and the Rules Committee rejected my proposal. How is that  unreasonable?   Mr. Chairman, I stand for the Constitution. I stand for freedom. And  I stand for the Second Amendment. That is why I am not voting for this  proposal.   