 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, first off, let me thank the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes) for this bill and the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren) for all her work on this bill.   This is an important promise that we made to the American people that  we would clean up Washington, and I think H.R. 1 is going to go very  far in doing that.   This amendment specifically addresses an important aspect of  continuing to make the process for democracy stronger in this country.  This amendment would end the practice of prison gerrymandering.   Starting this decennial Census, this amendment would require persons  who are incarcerated in correctional facilities to be counted as a  resident of their last place of residence before incarceration.   There is only one constitutional mandate as it pertains to the  Census: The Federal Government must count all persons present in the  country at the time of the Census.   We know we will get an accurate count of incarcerated individuals.  The only question, then, is: Where do we count them?   If we count incarcerated persons as being present at their last known  residence, we know that the right community will receive the  appropriate amount of population-based funding it needs to take care of  all of their citizens, because the odds are that an incarcerated person  will return home after release to the community in which they most  recently lived.   If we count incarcerated persons as residents of correctional  facilities, more often than not we are simply swelling the population  count of communities in which incarcerated individuals do not actually  live, participate in civil society, or utilize government services  outside prison walls.   Let's stop this charade. Let's stop the dramatic distortion of  representation at State and local levels, and let's end the inaccurate  creation of community populations that mislead research and planning  efforts.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, which is also  supported by the Brennan Center for Justice, Common Cause, and the  Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Madam Chair, I would just like to add, in 2016 when the  census in the Federal Register asked for comment on this, 77,000 people  did comment. Only four wanted to keep this provision. Everyone else  wanted to change this, out of 77,000. That is probably about the  percent of people who think Nickelback is their favorite band in this  country. It is pretty low.   I think if you look at--if Nickelback is your favorite band, I  apologize to the gentleman.    Yes, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois.    Wow. One more reason why there is a difference between  Democrats and Republicans, clearly found on the floor of Congress  today.   I would argue, when I look at the small communities in Wisconsin and  I would probably argue in Illinois, where there are correctional  facilities, those populations really do bloom because of the people who  are incarcerated there, but almost no one goes back to that community.  So this is a much better and more accurate way to have a census. I hope  that it will be supported, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I will just wrap up by saying I  appreciate that very brave admission of your fandom for Nickelback.  That is very brave and I do recognize that. I didn't think we were  going to talk about Nickelback on the floor today. Somehow it came up.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I rise today to offer an amendment that  I think everyone in this Chamber can support. Whenever possible, voting  machines used in America should be made in America.   Aside from the obvious that it just makes sense to have the  infrastructure of American democracy made in America, this amendment  seeks to help safeguard our elections. Manufacturing voting machines in  America will ensure that production lines are secure, and that we know  without a doubt whether or not our voting machines have been  compromised.   Today's amendment simply requires States to seek to ensure that any  voting machine used in any election for Federal office is a machine  that is made in this country. The deadline for this requirement would  be the 2022 election.   Madam Chair, I believe that the intent of this amendment is clear. I  anticipate strong support from my colleagues, and for that reason I  will stop here, urge the Chamber to vote in favor of this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Madam Chairwoman, I can assure my colleague, I do not plan  on going into the voting machine business so he doesn't have to worry  about me anyway. I don't think anyone in this body will.   I do urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   