 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment will direct $4 million  within the International Boundary and Water Commission to clarify the  responsibility for the maintenance of the International Outfall  Interceptor, the IOI. This is in addition to, and separate from, the  funding that currently exists for the long-overdue repairs of the IOI.   I think it is important to put some historical context into this  amendment.   The amendment seeks to clarify responsibility, the responsibility of  the community, the city of Nogales and the county of Santa Cruz, that  make up the two major jurisdictions in that area most affected by the  need for this amendment. It is an infrastructure issue; it is an  interceptor.   In 1944, the United States and Mexico entered into an agreement in  which waste treatment was going to occur in the United States for  Nogales, Sonora in Mexico.  [[Page H4647]]    As time went by, since 1944, we now find that the waste coming from  Mexico, 92 percent of the effort that the wastewater facility has to  undertake is in Santa Cruz County and in Nogales.   I mention that because of how we have to transport the waste from  Nogales, Mexico, to the United States for treatment under the treaty  that Mexico and the U.S. signed is 8.5 miles of pipes are needed to  transport this waste.   Over the last decades, and the people of those communities can attest  to this, there is almost daily occurrences and seasonal occurrences  during the rainy season of damage to this pipeline.   The infrastructure is as old as the treaty. The infrastructure and  pipes are in dire need of repair. It has been identified by people  through the State and Federal Government as an urgency, a public health  risk. When there is discharge of waste into the drainage areas, into  the streams, into the river, it creates an extraordinary public health  risk for the people of Santa Cruz and Nogales, Arizona.   In 2017, the Governor of Arizona set to commence the disaster  declaration process for the State of Arizona to secure Federal  assistance to remedy and prevent raw sewage exposure to these Arizona  residents.   My amendment seeks to clarify that very important issue of  responsibility.   This is a treaty, an international treaty, sanctioned by the State  Department that was established in 1944 that deals with an  infrastructure that is falling apart and exposes issues of security for  the area, it is on the border. There are issues of public health, and  issues of liability for the county of Santa Cruz and the city of  Nogales, a fiscal responsibility that they cannot undertake and a  responsibility to repair that they cannot undertake.   Because it is a treaty and it needs to be treated as a responsibility  of the Federal Government, my amendment seeks to address that issue.   This ongoing international issue that impacts the safety and the  well-being of these communities across southern Arizona has been  addressed in the past. Senators and Members of Congress on both sides  of the aisle of the Arizona delegation have collaborated to remedy the  situation.   Mr. Chair, I would like at this point to thank Senator McSally for  bringing the companion legislation in the Senate. I also want to thank  the chair of the committee and her staff for their work on the bill.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this amendment. I  would urge my colleagues to support it, and we can finally begin to  find a solution to the public health threat to the residents of the  area, to security issues underlying the whole tunnel system and pipe  system in Nogales, and establish the responsibility and accountability  for transporting this waste from Mexico to be treated in the United  States that was established by treaty, placing it squarely where the  responsibility belongs, and that is with the Federal Government in the  enactment of this treaty.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   