 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I recently reintroduced the  Accountability through Electronic Verification Act this Congress, as I  have in previous Congresses. This commonsense bill would require all  employers to use E-Verify programs, which in turn would ensure that  they are employing nothing but a legal workforce.   As most Americans have realized, the immigration debate here in the  Congress today--and for a long time--has become highly partisan and  obviously has been controversial. Of course, worst of all, it has  become completely unproductive.   I believe there is a sliver of hope, however, and that is through the  passage of an E-Verify program that makes E-Verify mandatory.   Whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, whether you are for open  borders or you want secure borders, we all ought to agree that  enforcing the law and protecting Americans is a bipartisan goal.   In 1986, the Immigration Reform and Control Act made it, for the  first time, a Federal crime to employ undocumented workers. Ten years  later, in 1996, Congress created a new tool to verify employment  eligibility known as E-Verify.   Today, E-Verify is a voluntary program that gives employers a web- based tool to verify the identify and employment eligibility of new  employees.   I have worked to renew and expand the program for use in all 50  States and to allow for information-sharing between Federal Agencies,  including the Department of Homeland Security.   Participating employers then tap into a user-friendly, free  electronic system that cross-matches documents provided by employees on  their I-9 forms with Federal records available to show the U.S.  Citizenship and Immigration Services, the Social Security  Administration, and the Department of Homeland Security. So the records  of a worker applying for a job can be compared with government records  to know whether somebody is legally in the country.   Today E-Verify provides instant verification for more than 750,000  employers and businesses all across America. In fact, my Senate office  uses E-Verify when hiring employees whom the taxpayers pay for, but I  am responsible for their employment. My Senate office uses E-Verify  when hiring our staff, and I have found it to be quick and easy to use.   At my annual 99 county meetings that I have throughout Iowa, I  regularly hear about the growing economy, rising wages, and the  vitality on Main Streets. Iowa now ranks first in the Nation for the  lowest level of unemployment. That also means there are growing  challenges for employers in my State to hire the workforce needed to  grow and expand. I will bet a lot of my colleagues hear that in their  respective States as well.   We need to make sure hiring practices don't harm U.S. workers or  those authorized to work in the United States. That is why I  reintroduced the bill I announced in the first words of my speech  today, the accountability through electronic verification bill.   This legislation will help businesses comply with immigration laws by  certifying the legal status of their workforce. The bill will  permanently authorize the E-Verify Program, and require employers to  use the program to determine workers' eligibility. It would then make  every employer have to use it, except as contrasted for the last couple  of decades on a voluntary basis.   For decades, E-Verify has served as a proven tool for employers that  want to use it. It has helped to reduce incentives for illegal  immigration and safeguard job opportunities for Americans and other  legal workers. Expanding the system to every workplace will improve  accountability for all businesses and take another very important step  toward putting American workers first.   Current law requires all contractors doing work for the Federal  Government to use E-Verify, repeating for a third time now the  mandatory aspect of this compared to the voluntary aspect of the  present law.   States that have passed laws mandating the use of E-Verify also may  require employers to participate, for example, as a condition of  business licensing. With low unemployment  [[Page S1781]]  across the country, and with Iowa leading the way, policymakers have a  responsibility to ensure the growing economy has the workforce it needs  to continue to do the growth of the last few years.   As the former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I worked  extensively to protect the integrity of employment visas and work  permits for foreign workers. A top priority must be to ensure  immigration policies aren't displacing American workers or depressing  wages.   Making E-Verify a permanent and mandatory requirement for all U.S.  employers will bring across-the-board certainty to hiring practices  throughout our country. Certifying the legal status for prospective  hires makes common sense, and having in place the tools at one's  fingertips makes it a simple, convenient solution.   E-Verify is a proven tool to encourage legal immigrants to apply for  unfilled jobs and to deter illegal immigration and human trafficking.   In addition to making E-Verify permanent and mandatory within 1 year  of enactment, my bill will increase penalties for employers who  illegally hire workers unauthorized to work in our country. The bill  will also require employers to check the status of all current  employees within 1 year using the E-Verify system and terminate  employment of those found unauthorized to work in the United States.   This bill establishes a demonstration project in rural areas without  internet capabilities to assist small businesses.   Finally, the bill will require the Social Security Administration to  improve its efforts to detect identity theft using Social Security  numbers.   Expanding E-Verify will help restore integrity and trust in our  Nation's immigration system by curbing incentives for hiring persons  unauthorized to work in America.   I was pleased to hear my colleague, now-Chairman Graham of the  Judiciary Committee, highlight the benefits of E-Verify in a Judiciary  Committee hearing held last week. He is right. Nationwide E-Verify  would go a long way to relieve concerns about illegal immigration and  workforce displacement.   Let me repeat. This bill will not change immigration law. All it does  is ensure that businesses are complying with existing Federal law  through a quick, cost-efficient, and proven online method of proving  that people are legally in the country and legally able to work here.   It is a simple first step toward tackling larger issues within  immigration; in other words, bringing credibility to our immigration  system where credibility has been lost because for the last 20 or 25  years, we in Congress have been telling the American people we are  going to control the border and people can only come here legally, and  we haven't done it.   We have to do things to build up credibility if we are going to deal  with issues like what do you do about the 10 or 11 million people who  are unauthorized to live and unauthorized to work in America.   Some people say: Well, you are going to load them up and get them out  of the country, but that isn't realistic, and it wouldn't be  humanitarian. To deal with that issue, we have to have credibility for  the whole immigration system, and E-Verify will help that, along with  everything we are doing to control the borders, and we have to do more  to control the borders.   Again, to repeat, this is a simple first step to tackling larger  issues within immigration. Best of all, it has the support of the  American people.   A recent Zogby poll showed that mandatory E-Verify enjoys widespread  support from voters. Seventy-four percent of all voters polled support  mandatory E-Verify. In fact, the support is very bipartisan. The poll  showed that roughly 55 percent of Democrats, 78 percent of  Independents, and nearly 91 percent of Republicans support the idea of  E-Verify.   Support for Nationwide E-Verify isn't just nonpartisan, it is  supported by Americans across all ethnic boundaries. Fifty-eight  percent of Hispanic voters, 52 percent of Black voters, and 74 percent  of Asian voters polled all support E-Verify.   I will close with this. Perhaps it is time that Congress and both  parties take a very deep breath and listen to the American people  instead of to our own echo chambers.   Before we discuss expanding guest worker programs or discuss  comprehensive immigration reform, let's first codify E-Verify and  restore the American people's trust in our immigration system.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   