 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, when I visit a synagogue or Jewish community center in my  congressional district these days, I usually pass by an armed security  guard. Inside, there is talk about safe exit routes and the cost of  adding bulletproof glass and other security enhancements.   When I visit mosques during Friday prayers, I have noticed that State  Police officers generally, these days, are standing watch outside. My  friends at Hindu and Sikh temples are worried as well.   There is a lot of angry, intolerant rhetoric in the United States and  other countries like ours these days, and we know it comes from all  sides of the political spectrum, but the guards at the gates of places  of worship are not there because of a general fear of intolerance. They  are there because of a specific threat from a specific group of people.   Domestic terrorists, white supremacists, or neo-Nazi terrorists, like  those responsible for the attacks at the Tree of Life Congregation  synagogue in Pittsburgh, the synagogue in Poway, California, and the  mosque attack in Christchurch, New Zealand.   According to the Anti-Defamation League, 73 percent of terrorist  killings in the United States since 2009 have been committed by  domestic terrorists who spouted white supremacist ideology, as compared  to 23 percent committed by Islamic extremists.   In 2018, there were 50 extremist murders in the United States. All 50  were  [[Page H4935]]  committed by adherents of far right-wing extremist groups. Anti-Semitic  incidents rose by 60 percent from 2016 to 2017.   If this threat came from outside the United States, we would be  consumed by it here in Congress, as we were when we awoke to the  urgency of reorienting our national and homeland security strategy to  fight al-Qaida after 9/11. That it is coming from within, from our  fellow Americans, makes it more sensitive but no less urgent, and there  is more work to be done.   Though the FBI acknowledges that domestic terrorists claim more lives  in the United States than international terrorists, it has told us that  its counterterrorism case numbers line up around 20 percent for  domestic terrorism, 80 percent for international terrorism.   The Department of Justice's senior official for dealing with its  Domestic Terrorism Counsel runs what is basically a one-man operation.  And in the last 2 years we have actually cut funding at the Department  of Homeland Security to counter domestic violent extremism.   This amendment begins to correct the imbalance. It would add $1  million to the budget of DOJ's National Security Division to be  directed to the Domestic Terrorism Counsel. In the underlying bill, we  already recommend that the Counsel be elevated to have a Deputy  Assistant Attorney General with adequate staff and resources.   The goal is to give a senior official at the Justice Department the  stature and the tools needed to lead this effort so that we can focus  as much attention on the rising threat of domestic terrorism as we have  rightly devoted to the threat from groups like al-Qaida and ISIS.   So let us do more than just condemn anti-Semitism and other forms of  hateful intolerance in this body. Let us actually do something  practical to protect people from violence.   Mr. Chair, I urge bipartisan support for this amendment, and look  forward to working with my colleagues on all sides to advance this goal  in the year ahead.   I yield back the balance of my time.   