 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we continue to read reports containing  additional information about the nature of President Trump's phone  calls with Ukrainian President Zelensky and his administration's  conduct in the weeks and months before and after those communications.   Ignoring for a moment the political reporting, we know that someone  inside the intelligence community found the President's conduct  alarming enough to warrant an official whistleblower complaint. The  complaint was so alarming that the inspector general of the  intelligence community, appointed by President Trump, said that it was  credible and urgent and a complaint that by law must be submitted to  Congress. This is not one of those discretionary moments; the law says  this must be transmitted to Congress.   We still have not received the whistleblower complaint, and Congress  has been advised in writing by the inspector general of the  intelligence community that the Trump administration is preventing us  from getting this report. So later today, I will request the unanimous  consent of the Senate to pass a resolution calling for the  whistleblower complaint to be provided to the Senate and House  Intelligence Committees, as prescribed by law. Let me repeat that.  Later today, I will request the unanimous consent of the Senate to pass  a resolution calling for the whistleblower complaint to be provided to  the Senate and House Intelligence Committees, as prescribed by law.   It is our job in the Congress to provide the necessary oversight of  the executive branch, to take these matters--matters of foreign policy,  national security, and constitutional integrity--with the utmost  gravity, to seek the facts, and then grapple with them.   I made several requests of the majority leader yesterday in an effort  to collect the facts, to which I have received no response. Today, I  will seek approval for a simple resolution calling for the  whistleblower complaint to be transmitted to the relevant committees in  Congress. I hope the majority leader and Senate Republicans will not  block it. I hope they will rise to the occasion and realize that this  is their constitutional duty and realize that this involves the  security of the United States.   I will have more to say on the matter before requesting my  colleagues' consent to pass this resolution later today.    Madam President, in August a public servant inside the  intelligence community found the conduct of the President of the United  States alarming enough to file an official whistleblower complaint. The  inspector general of the intelligence community found this  whistleblower complaint both credible and urgent. By law, the Director  of National Intelligence must forward such a complaint to the  congressional intelligence committees within 7 days of receiving it.  Congress has been informed by the inspector general of the intelligence  community in writing that the Trump administration is preventing that  complaint from being sent to the relevant committees in Congress.   Those are the facts. The situation they describe is unacceptable. We  know that the executive branch is blocking the legislative branch--a  coequal branch of our government--from performing its constitutional  oversight duties. The fact that the whistleblower complaint concerns  our national security, our foreign policy, and potential misconduct by  the President makes the situation even more serious.   In a short time, I will ask my colleagues' consent to pass a simple  resolution. It essentially says ``that the whistleblower complaint  received on August 12, 2019, by the Inspector General of the  Intelligence Community shall be transmitted immediately to the Select  Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.''   I cannot imagine any legitimate or straight-faced reason for an  objection to this unanimous consent request. The only reason for any  Senator to object would be to shield the President's conduct from  scrutiny by the public and the representatives they elect to represent  them; that is, to protect the President from accountability.   In a moment, I hope this resolution will pass without a single  dissenting Senator, and it should.   The request, despite its noncontroversial nature, speaks to the  issues that go back to the founding days of our Republic: checks and  balances, the separation of powers, and the constitutional duty of the  President and the executive branch to faithfully execute the laws of  the United States. The Senate, today--right now--should speak with one  unified voice to reaffirm those time-honored principles and defend the  grand traditions of our democracy.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 325, submitted  earlier today.    Madam President, three brief points. First, this  resolution is not aimed at the Senate Intelligence Committees. Senators  Burr and Warner do a diligent job in trying to figure out what is going  on. It is aimed at a thus far recalcitrant executive branch which has  blocked the ability for the committees to see the complaint even though  law requires it.   Second, it is welcomed that we can join together to do our job of  oversight. I want to thank the majority leader for not blocking this  request, because I think every one of us in this Chamber realizes the  importance of oversight and the need to prevent an overreaching  executive from going that far. Getting the transcript is a good step,  but it is the complaint we need.   That is the gravamen of this resolution. It is the whistleblower's  complaint, not the transcript, that we need and are asking for in this  resolution.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.   