 Mr. President, just a little bit earlier today, the  Senate voted to confirm President Trump's nomination of Dale Cabaniss  to lead the Office of Personnel Management.   I voted against this nominee, but now that she is confirmed, it is  more important than ever for the Senate and the House to fulfill our  oversight duties to protect our civil servants from political  interference. I know the Presiding Officer has a keen interest in this  subject as well, in his capacity as chairman of the Subcommittee on  Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, overseeing Federal civil  service, and I appreciate his work on that front.   In order to do their jobs for the American people, our Federal  employees must be able to perform their duties free of politics. They  must be judged on the merits of their work, not political favoritism or  cronyism. They must be able to present factual information and analysis  without fear of retribution. Yet time and again, we  [[Page S5421]]  have seen that this President, President Trump, views civil servants as  his adversaries.   The President has sought to silence those whose work or words  contradict him, even when the facts are clear. We saw that most  recently when the National Weather Service tried to calm residents in  the State of Alabama after President Trump falsely stated that  Hurricane Dorian would put them at severe risk. Secretary of Commerce  Wilbur Ross reportedly threatened to fire the agency's leadership after  they corrected the President's false statements about Hurricane Dorian  and Alabama. Just within the last hour, the New York Times is reporting  that the order to change the statements at NOAA came directly from the  White House in the form of a directive from the Acting Chief of Staff  to the President, Mick Mulvaney.   We have also seen this pattern at other times. We saw President Trump  standing side by side with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, while President  Trump sided with Putin's claims about noninterference in the 2016  Presidential elections, and where President Trump threw our own U.S.  intelligence agency experts under the bus.   These assaults on the Federal civil service and the efforts to  undermine the integrity of the Federal civil service have also included  an assault on Federal employees. This administration knows that workers  are stronger when they are organized and have representatives who can  speak on their behalf. Many--not all, but many--of the Trump agency  heads have repeatedly refused to comply with the law and to bargain in  good faith with their workers. Instead of trying to negotiate, they  have tried to impose contracts and terms unilaterally. This has already  happened at the Social Security Administration, where agency management  has shown particular hostility to the unions representing their  workforce. Some of these issues are now tied up in the courts, but I  would hope we could work on a bipartisan basis to address these  challenges.   Now, President Trump is trying to abolish the Office of Personnel  Management. That brings me to the nomination of Ms. Cabaniss, because  she will be directed to preside over the dismantlement of the agency-- that is, if the President has his way. I know those of us in Congress  with a different view will be weighing in as well.   The Office of Personnel Management is an independent Federal agency  with an absolutely vital mission--to strengthen and protect the Federal  civil service system. Their role is to protect the integrity of our  Federal civil service and prevent it from being hijacked by political  forces.   I know there has been a lot of talk that this is all about civil  service reform. As I look at the proposals, I don't see it that way. I  see these proposals as an attack on the institution that defends our  civil service system.   The Office of Personnel Management needs a strong, independent leader  who will protect the Federal workforce from partisan interference and  defend agencies from the administration's attacks. After looking at Ms.  Cabaniss's record, she is not the right person to lead OPM. When she  chaired the Federal Labor Relations Authority, morale was dead last  among small Federal agencies. That is the agency that is supposed to  resolve disputes between Federal workers and management, but 55 percent  of their decisions were overturned under Ms. Cabaniss's jurisdiction.   OPM's mission is vital to the success of our Federal civil service  and their ability to deliver services to the American people. We need a  leader who is going to stand up for the integrity of that system, not  one who is going to preside over the dismantlement of that agency. So I  hope we can work on a bipartisan basis to ensure that this country  preserves one of its vital assets, which is a nonpartisan civil  service.   Presidents come and Presidents go, and Presidents, of course, give  direction to the different agencies, but we will be doing a great  disservice to the people of this country if we allow political cronyism  to seep into this system and create an environment where people fear  speaking out, telling the truth, and providing the facts.   I want to take this opportunity today, as we discuss the nomination  of the Office of Personnel Management, to raise that larger issue, and  I hope we will be united in that effort because lots of countries  around the world suffer from political cronyism. The United States has  helped shield itself from that by establishing decades and decades ago  a system that tries to immunize ourselves against that kind of  political infection in terms of the day-to-day work that we ask people  to do and carry on, on behalf of the American people. Let's work  together to accomplish what I believe is a bipartisan goal.   I yield the remainder of my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the  confirmation of Judge Stephanie Gallagher to serve as a Federal judge  for the U.S. District Court of Maryland. Judge Gallagher has an  impressive legal background and has provided years of service to the  State of Maryland.   She is currently a U.S. magistrate in Maryland having served in this  capacity since 2011. Moreover, she has occupied the position of  Assistant U.S. Attorney office for the State of Maryland. Finally, she  clerked for the Honorable J. Frederick Motz, a Judge in Maryland's  Federal district court.   Judge Gallagher has been lauded repeatedly as a rising star, as one  of Maryland's Super Lawyers, and has received a number of awards and  commendations from a number of Federal agencies.   Moreover, she has strong academic credentials having graduated from  Harvard Law School, J.D. cum laude. I cannot think of anyone more  qualified to occupy this critical position at this important time and  am grateful for her nomination and the Senate's overwhelming support  for her confirmation to serve as a Judge in Maryland's Federal District  Court.   