 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss America's  Transportation Infrastructure Act, legislation that I introduced today  with the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, John  Barrasso, along with our subcommittee chair on Transportation and  Infrastructure, Shelley Moore Capito, and our ranking member from  Maryland, Ben Cardin.   Our legislation reauthorizes our Nation's surface transportation laws  and makes a historic $287 billion investment in our Nation's roads,  highways, and bridges. Our Nation's first highway bill was enacted just  a few years after the world's first concrete highway was paved outside  of Detroit, MI. Henry Ford had just introduced the Model T, and the  first stop-go traffic light would soon be installed at the intersection  of East 105th Street and Euclid Avenue in Cleveland, OH.   A century ago, the idea of speedy and safe transcontinental travel  was beyond our imagination and even further from being realized. We  have come a long way since then.   Today, more than 4 million miles of roadway and 600,000 bridges help  link our country together. Some 220,000 of those miles combine to make  up our national highway system. Our transportation infrastructure is  essential to America's economy, to our society, and to our way of life.  It connects us to commerce; it connects us to service; and, more  importantly, it connects us to one another.   The sad truth, however, is that, as we all know too well, many of  these roads, highways, and bridges are in poor condition today. They  have been in use far beyond, for many of them, the intended duration of  their original design. A great many roadways and bridges simply need  repaving, while some need repairs, and others need to be completely  redesigned.   According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, approximately 20  percent of our Federal-aid roadways are in poor condition, as are  47,000 bridges. That is in large part because, for far too long, our  Nation's highway trust fund has been operating on the brink of  insolvency. The highway account is running at an $11 billion deficit,  and that deficit is growing.   Meanwhile, despite spending more from the fund than we collect, we  still aren't spending enough to make a dent in the $800 billion backlog  of investments needed to significantly improve conditions on many of  the roads, highways, and bridges that millions of Americans--all of  us--use and depend on every day.   All of this has contributed to an unacceptable level of uncertainty  for States, for cities, for businesses, and for families. It has  prevented us, as a nation, from addressing serious challenges across  our transportation infrastructure that go well beyond simply filling  potholes.   For too long, we have failed to make meaningful progress in America  toward improving safety, easing traffic congestion, reducing harmful  emissions, and enhancing resilience. We can do better than this. The  legislation that is before us today, if enacted, will help put our  country back on the right track. I am excited about it, and I am  grateful to everyone who has contributed in ways both large and small  to the drafting of the legislation that Senator Barrasso and I have  introduced today.   While this bill will leverage badly needed investments in rebuilding  our roads, highways, and bridges, it will do a lot more than that. It  will help expedite the movement of people and goods throughout our  country. It will support the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs  here too. It will help alleviate some of the congestion we face in  urban and suburban parts of all 50 States--areas across the country--on  an almost daily basis.   America's Transportation Infrastructure Act will help make real the  vision of a safer, more connected, efficient, and climate-friendly  transportation system, one that will endure the test of time and keep  up with the evolving demands of the world's biggest economy. Our bill  is a good start. Now we need to build on it and make it better.   With respect to safety, too many pedestrians and bicyclists put their  lives at risk every day when they use our roadways. In 2017, there were  more than 37,000--37,000--fatalities on our Nation's roadways,  including approximately 7,000 nonmotorized users. Think about that:  37,000 fatalities. That is more than all of the people who live in  Dover, DE, or in Laramie, WY.   After trending down for many years, in the last decade pedestrian  deaths have increased sharply and are now at a 25-year high. In Tribal  communities, that fatality rate is even higher. That is just  unacceptable.   Our legislation addresses this carnage by investing $2.5 billion in  Federal funds per year in safety improvements and by compelling States  and cities with very high rates of pedestrian and bicyclist fatalities  to do their share as well.   Our legislation also expands funding for bike paths, sidewalks, and  other transportation alternatives to $1.2 billion per year. It empowers  States and cities to design, implement, and manage those projects so  they are better designed to fit the needs of those States and cities.   Too many Americans simply don't have safe places to walk or bike. In  some cases, we build roads in ways that make it impossible for people  to walk or bicycle where they need to go, be it a grocery store, a  daycare center, a health facility--you name it.   America's transportation infrastructure should connect us, not divide  us. Let me say that again. America's transportation infrastructure  should connect us, not divide us. It should foster greater economic  opportunity, not disparity.   Our legislation seeks to improve connectivity and accessibility by  establishing a pilot program for States and cities to measure access to  destinations like hospitals, schools, and grocery stores. Our bill also  funds a program to help remove barriers, such as chronically underused  highways--when appropriate--that create obstacles to access and  mobility.   But an even more pressing need to address throughout America is the  roads, highways, and bridges that are actually overcapacity today,  where cars and trucks and their passengers sit for hours in traffic.  Last year, every American driver lost, on average, 97 hours due to  traffic congestion. That is 97 hours for the average driver per year.  That is 4 days. It is not just a nuisance for drivers; last year, it  cost our country $87 billion in lost productivity--$87 billion. Let's  not forget that all that time we waste sitting in our cars and trucks  also degrades the quality of the air we breathe, increases the cost of  our healthcare, and raises the cost of the goods we buy.   Our legislation addresses this predicament by authorizing additional  funding for the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Program, which  has been used to build carpool lanes and support a number of other  alternatives to reduce congestion.   In addition, our legislation recognizes that in many places, it is  just not possible to build additional lanes, so we need to address  congestion by managing travel demand through innovative technology,  transit, and tolling. That is why we have also created a new  [[Page S5146]]  program for our largest cities to provide new tools--new tools--to help  address congestion challenges.   That brings us to the evermore apparent reality of climate change and  its ever-worsening impact on, among other things, our infrastructure.  The cars, trucks, and vans that we drive have become our Nation's  largest source of carbon dioxide emissions, accelerating and  exacerbating the effects of climate change and bringing with it  increasingly extreme weather that we are witnessing throughout the  world on an almost daily basis. For example, in Europe last week,  temperatures exceeded 110 degrees Fahrenheit. And we have examples here  too. We have just come off of the hottest 4 years in the history of  this country since we have been measuring it, and this year looks like  it is going to be the hottest yet. We have to do more than fight, and  with this legislation, we will.   I am proud to announce that America's Transportation Infrastructure  Act includes the first-ever climate title in a transportation bill in  the history of Congress. Our legislation calls for investing $10  billion over the next 5 years directly in programs and policies that  will combat climate change by reducing emissions and improving the  resiliency of our transportation networks and infrastructure.   One such program is a $1 billion investment in charging and fueling  stations for electric and alternative fuel vehicles traveling in  heavily traveled corridors across America. While Henry Ford's Model T  and its internal combustion engine are an important part of our  country's transportation system, zero-emission electric vehicles  represent our future.   Unfortunately, in most parts of America today, drivers lack  reasonable access to charging or fueling stations for electric or  hydrogen-fueled vehicles. Our legislation helps to address that concern  by creating competitive grants for States and localities to build  hydrogen, natural gas, and electric vehicle charging and fueling  infrastructure along many of America's most heavily traveled highway  corridors.   Meanwhile, increasingly frequent and extreme weather events continue  to erode our transportation networks, and sea level rise threatens the  structural integrity and longevity of our surface transportation  infrastructure. We see that happening now in my home State of Delaware,  along major portions of the East Coast, and in the flooding that has  occurred in the heartland of our country. It has been reported in the  news that in some places in America, the temperature has been so hot  that the asphalt roads and highways are bubbling up from the heat. Try  driving through that.   Our legislation seeks to help address these threats by investing  nearly $5 billion over 5 years in a new formula program available to  all States and a competitive resiliency grant program. Both the formula  program and the new PROTECT Grants Program would support projects  across America that reinforce, upgrade, or realign existing  transportation infrastructure to better withstand extreme weather  events and the effects of climate change, like the record-setting  temperatures I have spoken of.   Let me briefly mention one other thing. Through the use of natural  infrastructure, like the marshes and wetlands that protect roads from  storm surges during tropical cyclones and Nor'easters, our bill also  helps harness the power of Mother Nature to improve the resilience of  transportation projects.   That gives you at least a glimpse of some of the exciting aspects of  the legislation our committee chairman, John Barrasso, and I are  introducing today, again with the help of a lot of people on our  committee, throughout the Senate--Democrats and Republicans--and from  all parts of this country. We introduced our legislation with their  help and help from every corner of the country, and it comes from State  and local governments as well.   In the coming months, I look forward to sharing more stories about  how the America's Transportation Infrastructure Act can tackle  complicated issues, improve our daily lives, and help us build the  roads, highways, and bridges of the future.   As bright as the chairman and I are on our committee--and our very  able staff members like to think we are--I am confident that our bill  can be improved as it moves through the legislative process in the  months ahead. As I oftentimes say, if it isn't perfect, let's make it  better. As good as what we have done is--and we are proud of our  handiwork--we know it can be better, and we look forward to making it  better. That begins tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. with a markup in the  Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works.   Before I close, I would be remiss if I failed to remind everyone that  with respect to surface infrastructure, the 800-pound gorilla in the  room is almost always, how are we going to pay for the improvements and  the programs we all know we need? The fact is, as I have said, the  highway trust fund is going broke, and, if we are honest with one  another, our way of paying for it is broken too. So what should we do  about it?   It is important to note that our legislation will continue to fund  the State-level vehicle-miles-traveled pilot programs established in  the 2015 bill. I am especially pleased, however, that our legislation  also includes a national vehicle-miles-traveled pilot program--the  first of its kind. I believe that user fee-based approaches are  generally the best way to fund our Nation's surface transportation  system and that vehicle-miles-traveled systems, which seek to ensure  that all road users pay their fair share, are the future.   In the meantime, there needs to be a bridge to that future, and that  bridge will not rely on a silver bullet but on what I refer to as a lot  of silver BBs, some of which are bigger than others.   With that, let me conclude by reiterating that Chairman Barrasso and  I look forward to working closely with our colleagues on the Senate  Finance Committee--a committee on which I am privileged to serve--to  ensure that this bill is responsibly paid for.   I have already begun to meet with several of our colleagues on the  relevant committees of jurisdiction, and I am anxious to work with them  and all of our colleagues as we face not just the dawning challenges  that lie ahead but the opportunities as well.   Winston Churchill once said, ``You can always count on America to do  the right thing in the end, after trying everything else.'' If we pull  together and work together in the House and Senate, as I believe we  tend to do in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, then  we can reach that end a good deal sooner than Mr. Churchill and a lot  of the skeptics might otherwise expect. So why don't we show those  skeptics what we can do? A great many Americans are counting on us to  do just that, and we can't let them down.   Again, I thank my staff, the staff of our Chairman Barrasso, and the  staff of Senators Capito, Ben Cardin, and others on our committee for  their excellent work and for negotiating in good faith throughout this  year. Their spirit and dogged commitment are a big part of what brought  us to where we are today.   But we all know that the introduction of a solid bipartisan bill,  even when it is followed the next day by a successful markup, we hope,  in committee--we must acknowledge that it is just the beginning, but it  is a good start, one that we and our colleagues can and I hope will  build on, enabling us and America to seize the day. I don't know a lot  of Latin, but I think Latin for ``seize the day'' is ``carpe diem,'' or  as we say in Delaware, ``Carper diem.''   Thank you.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss America's  Transportation Infrastructure Act, legislation that I introduced today  with the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, John  Barrasso, along with our subcommittee chair on Transportation and  Infrastructure, Shelley Moore Capito, and our ranking member from  Maryland, Ben Cardin.   Our legislation reauthorizes our Nation's surface transportation laws  and makes a historic $287 billion investment in our Nation's roads,  highways, and bridges. Our Nation's first highway bill was enacted just  a few years after the world's first concrete highway was paved outside  of Detroit, MI. Henry Ford had just introduced the Model T, and the  first stop-go traffic light would soon be installed at the intersection  of East 105th Street and Euclid Avenue in Cleveland, OH.   A century ago, the idea of speedy and safe transcontinental travel  was beyond our imagination and even further from being realized. We  have come a long way since then.   Today, more than 4 million miles of roadway and 600,000 bridges help  link our country together. Some 220,000 of those miles combine to make  up our national highway system. Our transportation infrastructure is  essential to America's economy, to our society, and to our way of life.  It connects us to commerce; it connects us to service; and, more  importantly, it connects us to one another.   The sad truth, however, is that, as we all know too well, many of  these roads, highways, and bridges are in poor condition today. They  have been in use far beyond, for many of them, the intended duration of  their original design. A great many roadways and bridges simply need  repaving, while some need repairs, and others need to be completely  redesigned.   According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, approximately 20  percent of our Federal-aid roadways are in poor condition, as are  47,000 bridges. That is in large part because, for far too long, our  Nation's highway trust fund has been operating on the brink of  insolvency. The highway account is running at an $11 billion deficit,  and that deficit is growing.   Meanwhile, despite spending more from the fund than we collect, we  still aren't spending enough to make a dent in the $800 billion backlog  of investments needed to significantly improve conditions on many of  the roads, highways, and bridges that millions of Americans--all of  us--use and depend on every day.   All of this has contributed to an unacceptable level of uncertainty  for States, for cities, for businesses, and for families. It has  prevented us, as a nation, from addressing serious challenges across  our transportation infrastructure that go well beyond simply filling  potholes.   For too long, we have failed to make meaningful progress in America  toward improving safety, easing traffic congestion, reducing harmful  emissions, and enhancing resilience. We can do better than this. The  legislation that is before us today, if enacted, will help put our  country back on the right track. I am excited about it, and I am  grateful to everyone who has contributed in ways both large and small  to the drafting of the legislation that Senator Barrasso and I have  introduced today.   While this bill will leverage badly needed investments in rebuilding  our roads, highways, and bridges, it will do a lot more than that. It  will help expedite the movement of people and goods throughout our  country. It will support the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs  here too. It will help alleviate some of the congestion we face in  urban and suburban parts of all 50 States--areas across the country--on  an almost daily basis.   America's Transportation Infrastructure Act will help make real the  vision of a safer, more connected, efficient, and climate-friendly  transportation system, one that will endure the test of time and keep  up with the evolving demands of the world's biggest economy. Our bill  is a good start. Now we need to build on it and make it better.   With respect to safety, too many pedestrians and bicyclists put their  lives at risk every day when they use our roadways. In 2017, there were  more than 37,000--37,000--fatalities on our Nation's roadways,  including approximately 7,000 nonmotorized users. Think about that:  37,000 fatalities. That is more than all of the people who live in  Dover, DE, or in Laramie, WY.   After trending down for many years, in the last decade pedestrian  deaths have increased sharply and are now at a 25-year high. In Tribal  communities, that fatality rate is even higher. That is just  unacceptable.   Our legislation addresses this carnage by investing $2.5 billion in  Federal funds per year in safety improvements and by compelling States  and cities with very high rates of pedestrian and bicyclist fatalities  to do their share as well.   Our legislation also expands funding for bike paths, sidewalks, and  other transportation alternatives to $1.2 billion per year. It empowers  States and cities to design, implement, and manage those projects so  they are better designed to fit the needs of those States and cities.   Too many Americans simply don't have safe places to walk or bike. In  some cases, we build roads in ways that make it impossible for people  to walk or bicycle where they need to go, be it a grocery store, a  daycare center, a health facility--you name it.   America's transportation infrastructure should connect us, not divide  us. Let me say that again. America's transportation infrastructure  should connect us, not divide us. It should foster greater economic  opportunity, not disparity.   Our legislation seeks to improve connectivity and accessibility by  establishing a pilot program for States and cities to measure access to  destinations like hospitals, schools, and grocery stores. Our bill also  funds a program to help remove barriers, such as chronically underused  highways--when appropriate--that create obstacles to access and  mobility.   But an even more pressing need to address throughout America is the  roads, highways, and bridges that are actually overcapacity today,  where cars and trucks and their passengers sit for hours in traffic.  Last year, every American driver lost, on average, 97 hours due to  traffic congestion. That is 97 hours for the average driver per year.  That is 4 days. It is not just a nuisance for drivers; last year, it  cost our country $87 billion in lost productivity--$87 billion. Let's  not forget that all that time we waste sitting in our cars and trucks  also degrades the quality of the air we breathe, increases the cost of  our healthcare, and raises the cost of the goods we buy.   Our legislation addresses this predicament by authorizing additional  funding for the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Program, which  has been used to build carpool lanes and support a number of other  alternatives to reduce congestion.   In addition, our legislation recognizes that in many places, it is  just not possible to build additional lanes, so we need to address  congestion by managing travel demand through innovative technology,  transit, and tolling. That is why we have also created a new  [[Page S5146]]  program for our largest cities to provide new tools--new tools--to help  address congestion challenges.   That brings us to the evermore apparent reality of climate change and  its ever-worsening impact on, among other things, our infrastructure.  The cars, trucks, and vans that we drive have become our Nation's  largest source of carbon dioxide emissions, accelerating and  exacerbating the effects of climate change and bringing with it  increasingly extreme weather that we are witnessing throughout the  world on an almost daily basis. For example, in Europe last week,  temperatures exceeded 110 degrees Fahrenheit. And we have examples here  too. We have just come off of the hottest 4 years in the history of  this country since we have been measuring it, and this year looks like  it is going to be the hottest yet. We have to do more than fight, and  with this legislation, we will.   I am proud to announce that America's Transportation Infrastructure  Act includes the first-ever climate title in a transportation bill in  the history of Congress. Our legislation calls for investing $10  billion over the next 5 years directly in programs and policies that  will combat climate change by reducing emissions and improving the  resiliency of our transportation networks and infrastructure.   One such program is a $1 billion investment in charging and fueling  stations for electric and alternative fuel vehicles traveling in  heavily traveled corridors across America. While Henry Ford's Model T  and its internal combustion engine are an important part of our  country's transportation system, zero-emission electric vehicles  represent our future.   Unfortunately, in most parts of America today, drivers lack  reasonable access to charging or fueling stations for electric or  hydrogen-fueled vehicles. Our legislation helps to address that concern  by creating competitive grants for States and localities to build  hydrogen, natural gas, and electric vehicle charging and fueling  infrastructure along many of America's most heavily traveled highway  corridors.   Meanwhile, increasingly frequent and extreme weather events continue  to erode our transportation networks, and sea level rise threatens the  structural integrity and longevity of our surface transportation  infrastructure. We see that happening now in my home State of Delaware,  along major portions of the East Coast, and in the flooding that has  occurred in the heartland of our country. It has been reported in the  news that in some places in America, the temperature has been so hot  that the asphalt roads and highways are bubbling up from the heat. Try  driving through that.   Our legislation seeks to help address these threats by investing  nearly $5 billion over 5 years in a new formula program available to  all States and a competitive resiliency grant program. Both the formula  program and the new PROTECT Grants Program would support projects  across America that reinforce, upgrade, or realign existing  transportation infrastructure to better withstand extreme weather  events and the effects of climate change, like the record-setting  temperatures I have spoken of.   Let me briefly mention one other thing. Through the use of natural  infrastructure, like the marshes and wetlands that protect roads from  storm surges during tropical cyclones and Nor'easters, our bill also  helps harness the power of Mother Nature to improve the resilience of  transportation projects.   That gives you at least a glimpse of some of the exciting aspects of  the legislation our committee chairman, John Barrasso, and I are  introducing today, again with the help of a lot of people on our  committee, throughout the Senate--Democrats and Republicans--and from  all parts of this country. We introduced our legislation with their  help and help from every corner of the country, and it comes from State  and local governments as well.   In the coming months, I look forward to sharing more stories about  how the America's Transportation Infrastructure Act can tackle  complicated issues, improve our daily lives, and help us build the  roads, highways, and bridges of the future.   As bright as the chairman and I are on our committee--and our very  able staff members like to think we are--I am confident that our bill  can be improved as it moves through the legislative process in the  months ahead. As I oftentimes say, if it isn't perfect, let's make it  better. As good as what we have done is--and we are proud of our  handiwork--we know it can be better, and we look forward to making it  better. That begins tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. with a markup in the  Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works.   Before I close, I would be remiss if I failed to remind everyone that  with respect to surface infrastructure, the 800-pound gorilla in the  room is almost always, how are we going to pay for the improvements and  the programs we all know we need? The fact is, as I have said, the  highway trust fund is going broke, and, if we are honest with one  another, our way of paying for it is broken too. So what should we do  about it?   It is important to note that our legislation will continue to fund  the State-level vehicle-miles-traveled pilot programs established in  the 2015 bill. I am especially pleased, however, that our legislation  also includes a national vehicle-miles-traveled pilot program--the  first of its kind. I believe that user fee-based approaches are  generally the best way to fund our Nation's surface transportation  system and that vehicle-miles-traveled systems, which seek to ensure  that all road users pay their fair share, are the future.   In the meantime, there needs to be a bridge to that future, and that  bridge will not rely on a silver bullet but on what I refer to as a lot  of silver BBs, some of which are bigger than others.   With that, let me conclude by reiterating that Chairman Barrasso and  I look forward to working closely with our colleagues on the Senate  Finance Committee--a committee on which I am privileged to serve--to  ensure that this bill is responsibly paid for.   I have already begun to meet with several of our colleagues on the  relevant committees of jurisdiction, and I am anxious to work with them  and all of our colleagues as we face not just the dawning challenges  that lie ahead but the opportunities as well.   Winston Churchill once said, ``You can always count on America to do  the right thing in the end, after trying everything else.'' If we pull  together and work together in the House and Senate, as I believe we  tend to do in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, then  we can reach that end a good deal sooner than Mr. Churchill and a lot  of the skeptics might otherwise expect. So why don't we show those  skeptics what we can do? A great many Americans are counting on us to  do just that, and we can't let them down.   Again, I thank my staff, the staff of our Chairman Barrasso, and the  staff of Senators Capito, Ben Cardin, and others on our committee for  their excellent work and for negotiating in good faith throughout this  year. Their spirit and dogged commitment are a big part of what brought  us to where we are today.   But we all know that the introduction of a solid bipartisan bill,  even when it is followed the next day by a successful markup, we hope,  in committee--we must acknowledge that it is just the beginning, but it  is a good start, one that we and our colleagues can and I hope will  build on, enabling us and America to seize the day. I don't know a lot  of Latin, but I think Latin for ``seize the day'' is ``carpe diem,'' or  as we say in Delaware, ``Carper diem.''   Thank you.   