 Mr. Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleagues,  full committee Chairwoman Lowey, and Ranking Member Granger.   This six-bill appropriations package represents a lot of hard work  for many of us on the Appropriations Committee. Broadly speaking, this  package is a fine example of compromise--Members working across the  aisle to do the important work of funding our government in an  efficient and thoughtful manner. Our Appropriations Committee  delivered.   Nevertheless, while this legislation addresses many bipartisan  concerns, I fear that it has no chance of becoming law in its current  form without a compromise on border security. That is truly  unfortunate. We are holding up the government, we are causing a lot of  people a lot of unnecessary pain and suffering, and we need to get this  done.   Regarding funding for the Department of State, Foreign Operations,  and other related programs; this portion of the bill provides important  resources for our national security. It supports our allies and  partners, including $3.3 billion in foreign military financing for  Israel--a $200 million increase from last year, by the way. It also  maintains funding at or above last year for Egypt, Jordan, and Tunisia,  as well as countries facing Russian aggression, such as Ukraine and  Georgia. In our own hemisphere, the bill supports programs to counter  transnational criminal organizations and the flow of illegal drugs.   I am pleased to say that in collaboration with Chairwoman Lowey, this  bill also reflects a number of bipartisan priorities, including $800  million for  [[Page H1152]]  basic education and important increases in global health, such as  additional funds to combat tuberculosis. It also maintains current  levels for embassy security during these dangerous times.   Despite the strength of this division of the bill, Mr. Speaker, the  larger package is regrettably incomplete. It is as if we worked  together to carefully piece together a complex puzzle, and there, right  in the middle, is a glaring missing piece. These six bills that we have  worked through together are good bills, but we need to find that  missing piece and reach a compromise that will fund border security,  reopen the government, pay our faithful employees who are now  struggling to make ends meet, and get back to the business of serving  the American people.   