 Mr. President, keeping with the brevity that we have to  exercise now because I know the guest of honor may have to leave the  floor and others are going to speak before he leaves, I will write a  longer statement for the Record with detail.   Johnny, it goes without saying--we keep saying it over and over  again--how much we are going to miss you, not only because of the  bipartisan work you did and the legislative achievements but because of  who you are--your decency, your integrity, your warmth even in the heat  of a battle. We are grateful for all of that.   I will just make brief mention of a few issues. I will start with the  Global Food Security Act, which was started here in the Senate by  Senator Dick Lugar way back in the period even before 2009 when I began  to work with him. Johnny made it possible for us to finally get that  passed. What that act does is put into law to authorize into the future  the Feed the Future program, one of the most successful programs the  U.S. Government ever undertook. Millions of children have been saved  from chronic hunger or stunting, where they literally cannot grow  because they haven't been able to get enough to eat. That program will  now be perpetuated over time because of the work of Johnny Isakson. I  will add more numbers to that in my written version.   Here is how Feed the Future is described in their website: It is a  program that works with ``partner countries to develop their  agricultural sectors and break the vicious cycle of poverty and  hunger'' the world over for the countries that are participating. I  will start with that.   Second--I will be very brief on the next three--is the Children's  Hospitals Graduate Medical Education, the so-called CHGME Program that  funds residency programs at children's hospitals. Johnny knows about  this well in the State of Georgia, and three of those hospitals are in  my home State of Pennsylvania. It would not be possible for that  program to continue without the good work of Johnny Isakson.   Third, disabilities. We don't have time for all of it today, but I  know that Johnny and his wife Dianne have worked with students with  disabilities for years, and Johnny has been a partner dedicated to  improving the lives of people with disabilities. I will go into that in  more detail in my written version.   Finally, the last one I will mention for purposes of today, Johnny,  is the work that you did on the pediatric priority review vouchers  program, which makes it possible for drug companies to develop new  drugs for rare pediatric diseases.   Johnny, you and I are working these days, in these hours, to get the  Over-the-Counter Monograph Reform done. Thank you for the work you have  done on that.   For these and for so many other reasons, I will conclude with this,  Johnny. There is an inscription on one of the State government  buildings I worked in at Harrisburg, PA, for 10 years. It is a  beautiful inscription of public service that applies to you personally  and your integrity and to the work you have done: ``All public service  is a trust, given in faith and accepted in honor.''   You have always accepted that trust the people of Georgia gave you.  You have returned that with honor.   We are grateful to be your friend. Congratulations on your work. God  bless you.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, on rollcall vote 372, I voted no. It was  my intention to vote aye. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to change my vote since it will not affect the outcome.   