 Madam Speaker, like the chairman, I am charmed and  tickled by the argument offered by our friend Mr. Meadows, who quotes  our beloved chairman in resisting a rush to a contempt vote against  Attorney General Holder.   Of course, two sides can play this game because the gentleman from  North Carolina, of course, voted for and championed a contempt citation  against the Attorney General in that case.   Why would he support a contempt finding as appropriate against one  Attorney General who is acting in a recalcitrant way but not against  another?   Madam Speaker, this is not a policy battle about the citizenship  question, although my friends seem to think that it is. They have  already lost that battle. They lost it in the Federal district courts  three times. They lost it in the United States Supreme Court. They lost  it with Chief Justice John Roberts. They lost it with the majority of  the Supreme Court, a Supreme Court that was gerrymandered by Senator  McConnell for precisely occasions like this, so they could get the  outcome they wanted, but even that Court rejected the contrived  rationale that was offered by the Commerce Department.   It has been rejected by six former Census Directors. It was rejected  by their own chief scientist in the Commerce Department and the Census  Bureau. They lost the case under the Census Act. They lost the case  under the Administrative Procedure Act.   Even President Trump acknowledges that they lost. At least, I think  he acknowledges it today, although he does waver back and forth. And I  hope nothing that we say today will prompt him to start over again.   They lost because their justification was contrived, according to  Chief Justice Roberts. It was made up, completely pretextual, according  to the Federal district courts, arbitrary, capricious, irrational,  silly.   We get the citizenship information we need right now, and we have for  the last 70 years, under what was called the long form. Now it is  called the American Community Survey.   It has been rejected, but six former Census Bureau Directors said  that if we did what they wanted to do, we would get a far more  inaccurate counting. We would get a far less accurate portrait of  America.    If the minority wants to talk about the policy, we can,  but we don't need to. They have already lost repeatedly on that, and  they seem not to want to acknowledge that basic fact of this  discussion.    This is about congressional power, Madam Speaker, and that is  something that should unify every Member of this body and institution.  We must stand together.   The Supreme Court and the Federal courts have said repeatedly that  our factfinding power is inextricable, essential, and indispensable to  our legislative power.   We have the power of the people. The sovereign political power of the  people has been given to us to legislate. We can't legislate if we  can't get the information that we need.   Sometimes we disagree, when they are in the majority, with the stuff  that they want. I wasn't here then, but I would have disagreed maybe  with some of the Fast and Furious stuff or the millions of documents  that they got in the Benghazi investigation. It makes no difference.  The majority has a right to get what it wants. We have a right to get  what we want.   If you act with contempt for the Congress of the United States of  America and the people of the United States, we will hold you in  contempt of the Congress and United States of America. I support these  contempt resolutions.   