 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4625, the  Protect the GI Bill Act, which restores education benefits for veterans  impacted by recent for-profit school closures and provides the VA  additional tools to keep schools who violate the terms of their GI Bill  funding accountable.   For the past 75 years, the VA estimates the GI Bill has helped more  than 25 million veterans and their families nationwide including the  Marianas achieve their educational and career goals.   In recent years however, closures of several for-profit schools have  left many veterans with degrees and credits that are not recognized or  transferable and facing serious hardships from diminished GI Bill funds  that also help pay for housing and other living expenses.   The Protect the GI Bill Act would help the victims of school closures  by reinstating lost benefits and barring schools who do not meet  quality standards for receiving GI Bill funds. Under H.R. 4625, schools  would also be required to inform veterans of the actual cost of  attendance including how much their benefits cover, as well as  graduation and job placement rates. The bill requires VA and State  Approving Agencies to take swift action on schools in violation of GI  Bill requirements including suspension of new enrollments as well as  bans on deceptive practices like automatic re-enrollment without the  veteran's permission.   Passage of H.R. 4625 is critical to preventing future victims of  school closures and ensuring veterans and their eligible family members  receive a quality education for their hard-earned GI Bill benefits.   I thank the gentleman from California, Mr. Levin, for his leadership  on this legislation and urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4625.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3224, the Deborah  Sampson Act, which removes barriers faced by women veterans accessing  health care and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs.   Our country has more than 2 million women veterans who live in every  Congressional district, including the Northern Mariana Islands.   And the number of women veterans seeking VA health care has doubled  since 2000.   While the women veteran population continues to grow, the VA has not  kept up in providing the care and services tailored to their unique  health care needs.   The Deborah Sampson Act, which I cosponsored, improves women's care  at the VA by requiring at least one designated women's health provider  in each VA facility, retrofitting existing medical facilities to  improve privacy and environmental care conditions, and expanding access  to newborn care. The bill also increases funding for legal and support  services to focus on unmet needs among women veterans, like prevention  of eviction and foreclosure and child support issues.   Passage of H.R. 3224 is critical to ensuring the VA has the capacity  and resources to meet the current and future needs of women veterans.   I thank the gentlelady from California, Ms. Brownley, for her  leadership on this legislation and urge my colleagues to support H.R.  3224.   