 Madam Chair, I thank my colleague from Michigan. Our  districts touch in the middle of Lake Michigan, so I have never been to  that part of my district, and maybe the gentleman has not either, but I  appreciate him yielding.   I rise today to urge support of the Insider Trading Prohibition Act.   I want to thank Chairwoman Waters, Ranking Member McHenry, as well as  Mr. Huizenga and Mr. Himes for their work on this important piece of  legislation.   As we have seen far too often in this Congress, partisanship and  poison pills can get in the way of progress and good ideas. I think all  of us, at our core, agree on that. Although this took a little bit of  time, I am pleased that we came here today reaching agreements from  earlier in the week.   I spent my time working for a period of time at a publicly traded  company. I saw firsthand the importance of having markets that operate  efficiently but, also, fairly.   Millions of Americans have retirement accounts, 401(k)s, and pensions  as it relates to their retirement, and it is critical that those  individuals can rely and trust the markets that they are relying on for  their end of life.   Millions of Americans are invested in these markets and these  investments, the integrity of which is critical. They need to know that  we are fighting on their behalf to ensure the game is not rigged to  help and favor a privileged few.   This bill includes, in particular, important clarifications that will  improve our ability to police insider trading. It also incorporates  changes supported by the ranking member in an amendment that I offered  that I think provides important clarifications to allow the government  to go after the bad guys.   This will ensure the bill is targeted at bad behavior and does not  inadvertently prevent people from engaging in legitimate trades. It  strikes the balance that I think is crucial if we want to have vibrant  and trustworthy public markets.   I, again, want to urge my colleagues to support this nonpartisan  legislation.   