 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the NDAA  conference report, which includes the phaseout of the offset provision  known as the widow's tax.   Ending this egregious offset is a momentous victory for the more than  60,000 surviving spouses and families of our Nation's fallen heroes and  the families who, unfortunately, may come after them.   It is not every day that Congress comes together and fixes a problem  that has been on the books for more than four decades, but that day is  here.   I got involved in this issue years ago when I heard from my  constituent Ellen, a woman in Louisville whose husband tragically  passed away during training exercises.   When I became the Democratic lead on legislation to repeal this  offset, along with Congressman Wilson of South Carolina, I was told it  would never pass, that people had tried for years and had failed every  time. Well, here we are. We got it done.   Chairman Smith and I, with the help of Chairman McGovern and Speaker  Pelosi, came up with a plan to add the offset repeal to the must-pass  NDAA bill and then worked our tails off to keep it there.   We knew if it passed the House as a freestanding piece of  legislation, it would land in the stack of bills of more than 270  bipartisan bills languishing on Mitch McConnell's desk and would never  be seen again.   So I thank Chairman Smith for his dedication on behalf of families  whose loved once made the ultimate sacrifice on behalf our Nation.   I would also like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.  Wilson) for his long-time passionate leadership on this issue.   But most of all, I want to thank my constituent Ellen and all the  surviving spouses who fought for this moment for years, who lit up  phone lines, flooded email inboxes, walked the Halls of Congress, and  demanded we act. Your fallen loved ones would be so proud of what you  have accomplished in their honor.   Now it is time for Congress to honor them as well by passing this  legislation.   