 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, I rise today to talk about something that, quite  frankly, I find to be completely abhorrent, and that is the short- changing of our Nation's military widows when it comes to survivor  benefits they paid for and earned. It is something that I was dismayed  to learn is happening to some 65,000 surviving spouses of American  military servicemembers--including more than 2,000 Alabamians--who were  killed in action or died as a result of service-connected causes.   After suffering the loss of a loved one, military widows and their  families can find themselves unexpectedly losing out on vital survivor  benefits they had planned to receive in these tragic circumstances.  That is because, under current law, surviving spouses are entitled to  receive VA dependency and indemnity compensation benefits, or what is  known as DIC.   Some families go a step further. Like many families in the private  sector, many go a step further by voluntarily paying into the Defense  Department's Survivor Benefits Plan, which acts like an additional life  insurance policy. Again, they are entitled to the DIC benefits, but  they pay for additional coverage should there be a tragic accident or  tragic death, which acts like an additional life insurance policy. That  policy is something these families voluntarily pay into, and like any  other life insurance plan you or I might buy, they expect to get the  benefits they have paid for.   For those who are entitled to receive these benefits from both  programs, they are subject to what has been known as the widow's tax.  Again, this is only for those folks who are getting benefits from both  programs--the DIC and the survivor's benefit programs. That is because  our law prohibits widows from receiving their full benefits from both  programs. That is the widow's tax. Instead, their SBP annuity is  prorated because their DIC payment is subtracted from it. They don't  get the full benefit of both programs when one gets subtracted from the  other.   Simply put, it is really a way for the Federal Government to save a  few bucks by simply ripping off military widows whose family paid extra  to receive these additional benefits. They voluntarily paid extra to  receive these benefits.   This isn't just a problem facing Active-Duty families. It is far  bigger, folks, because it impacts anyone who has a service-connected  death.   To put that in context, in Alabama alone, there are over 60,000  Department of Defense retirees whose families could be impacted by the  widow's tax if the veteran were to pass from a service-connected cause.   Now, I understand that we have to be careful stewards of taxpayer  dollars. I am fully aware of that. But give me a break when it comes to  military spouses and widows. This is a benefit that families paid for  out of their own pockets. If they are not getting the money, then, it  begs the question: Who is?   No surviving spouse should be faced with this kind of unexpected and  completely unfair cut to the benefits they ought to be able to count on  in these heartbreaking circumstances.   No surviving spouse should have to fight for what their families are  owed--in the wake of family tragedy, no less. Again, this is what they  are owed. This is the thing they have paid for in more ways than one.   No surviving spouse should have to mount a massive lobbying effort in  the Capitol of the United States, of this great country, to get folks  to understand that this is wrong and we need to  [[Page S1782]]  fix it. Every year, there is a campaign to fix this program. Yet, it  doesn't get done.   Instead, these families should be focusing on helping their families  begin to heal and find strength. They should be given the space and  time to breathe.   It is an absolute shame that this is even a problem we need to  address. That is why I have introduced bipartisan legislation with  several of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--Senators Collins,  Tester, Crapo, and 31 others--to repeal the law that prevents these  families from receiving their just due.   The Military Widows Tax Elimination Act of 2019 reflects our belief  that people who put their lives on the line for our country deserve to  know their families will be taken care of if something, God forbid,  ever happens to them.   Our bill has support from the Gold Star Wives of America, the VFW,  the Military Officers Association of America, the National Military  Family Association, the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, and  so many others. In fact, some of the most dedicated activists from the  Gold Star Wives are watching today from the Gallery right now,  including Crystal Wenum, Harriet Boyden, and Donna Eldridge. I thank  them all for their leadership and for their continued contributions to  our country.   This legislation has been introduced in previous sessions of  Congress, but it has yet to pass--in large part because of concerns  about the cost. As I said, while I certainly understand that there is  going to be a cost associated with this, we are talking about a  benefits plan that these families paid for on their own accord. It is  their money that went into this fund, not taxpayer money and not money  that is appropriated every year. It is their money, and they deserve to  get it back.   I think we can all agree that ending the widow's tax is the right  thing to do for our military families. Why don't we finally get it done  in this, the 116th Congress? Let's show our troops and their families  that we support them not just in word but in deed. Let's show these  surviving spouses and their children that we stand with them long after  their loved ones have made the ultimate sacrifice for this country and  long after we know that they, too, have made a sacrifice in the name of  this country. Let's right this wrong and finally pass the Military  Widows Tax Elimination Act.   I urge my colleagues to do the right thing. It is never ever too late  to do it. Even though this has been tried before, it is never ever too  late to do the right thing and support this bill.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   