 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of the victims of the  1994 terror attack on the AMIA Jewish Community Center in Buenos Aires.   On July 18, 1994, terrorists detonated a car bomb in the AMIA  building, a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, an important part,  a central part of that community. It killed 85 innocent people and  injured hundreds more.   This attack, which took place just 2 years after the bombing of the  Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires, shook the Argentine Jewish community,  the largest in Latin America.   In the 25 years since the attack, the investigations into the AMIA  bombing have been marked by long delays and by judicial misconduct,  failing thus far to bring justice for the victims, their families, and  their community.   Considerable evidence has linked this heinous attack to the terrorist  group Hezbollah and its sponsor, the Government of the Islamic Republic  of Iran.    Now, despite warrants issued by the Argentinian justice system for  Iranian and Lebanese nationals thought to be involved in the attacks,  and their addition on Interpol's most wanted lists, Iranian and  Hezbollah operatives have yet to face accountability for their actions.   We encourage all responsible nations to not allow the perpetrators of  this attack to continue to escape justice.   After the previous President of Argentina worked to prevent Iran from  being held accountable, Prosecutor Alberto Nisman heroically proceeded  investigating this bombing, shedding light on the alarming and growing  partnership between leaders in Iran and Argentina. Just 1 day before he  was scheduled to present his latest findings, Alberto Nisman was found  dead in his home with a fatal gunshot wound to the head.   We are grateful that President Macri's government has continued to  push for Iranian accountability.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the Ambassador of Argentina,  who is in the gallery with us today.   Twenty-five years later, Iranian-backed Hezbollah continues to carry  out terror operations. Twenty-five years later, anti-Semitism continues  to threaten the lives of Jewish communities throughout Latin America,  around the world, and even here in the United States.   With this vote, Congress honors the victims of this horrific attack;  recalls the brave work by Alberto Nisman, who lost his life pursuing  justice; and calls for full accountability for those responsible. It  has been far too long.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member, Congressman   Joe  Wilson, ranking member of the Middle East, North Africa, and  International Terrorism Subcommittee, and Congressmen Albio Sires and  Francis Rooney, the chair and ranking member of the Western Hemisphere,  Civilian Security, and Trade Subcommittee, for joining me in  introducing this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with us against this  despicable act of terror. As we recall the victims today, we stand  against terror and hatred and anti-Semitism, and we stand for justice.   