 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House  Resolution 28, I call up the bill (H.R. 267) making appropriations for  the Department of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development,  and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and  for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent  that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and  extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the measure  under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 267, legislation to reopen and  responsibly fund the Departments of Transportation and Housing and  Urban Development.   The bill before us is bipartisan and invests in critical national  priorities. It passed the Senate Appropriations Committee on a  unanimous vote, and it was adopted by the full Senate on a 92-6 vote.   It provides $71.4 billion in discretionary funding, which is $23.3  billion above the President's budget request and $1.1 billion above the  FY 2018 enacted level.   This legislation is critical for the success of America's families,  communities, and businesses. In addition to  [[Page H421]]  maintaining existing infrastructure, it will allocate $17 billion for  new transportation and housing projects in both rural and urban areas.   Like last year, it includes several billion dollars of funding above  authorized levels for the FAST Act to accelerate improvements in our  aviation system, to expand transit and rail networks, to replace aging  highways and bridge infrastructure, and to repair our affordable  housing stock.   It also builds on the progress we have made since enactment of the  2018 bipartisan budget agreement to ensure that vulnerable  populations--including low-income families, seniors, veterans, and the  disabled--have access to reliable transportation and safe housing.   It would provide robust funding for flexible grant programs,  especially HOME and Community Development Block Grants, that allow  towns and cities across the country, large and small, to leverage both  public and private capital to address their most pressing community  needs.   Just as important, this legislation would finally reopen these  departments. It would allow more than 20,000 furloughed employees at  DOT and over 7,000 furloughed employees at HUD to receive back pay and  to return to their mission, which is serving the American people.   The Trump shutdown, Mr. Speaker, has dragged on for more than 2  weeks, shuttering vital government services and creating chaos and  uncertainty for families, businesses, and communities in each of our  districts.   For example, grants to help States and communities pay for upgrades  to transit, rail, and aviation facilities are being put on hold.   State departments of transportation are beginning to delay new  construction projects.   The National Transportation Safety Board has ceased major accident  investigations.   The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is no longer  investigating or reviewing information about major vehicle  manufacturing defects, which, in fact, puts lives at risk.   New hiring and training for air traffic controllers has ground to a  halt, exacerbating an ongoing staffing shortage. FAA equipment  maintenance is curtailed, and pilot certifications are suspended.   Disaster relief funding for States hit by disasters last year-- funding that has already been appropriated--remains unallocated because  staff at HUD remain furloughed.   Meanwhile, Mr. Speaker, we discovered just this weekend that HUD  officials failed to renew more than 1,000 landlord contracts for the  Project-Based Section 8 housing program before they expired at the end  of the year, exposing tens of thousands of tenants to possible  eviction.   Mr. Speaker, these problems can only get worse as the shutdown goes  on. Hundreds more of these contracts are up for renewal in the coming  months.    H.R. 267 would put an end to the madness, ensuring that vital  transportation and housing infrastructure is funded for the remainder  of the 2019 fiscal year.   This legislation reflects the best of bipartisan collaboration, and  it excludes problematic policy riders from both sides of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan,  commonsense legislation to reopen the government without further delay,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mario  Diaz-Balart, our ranking member and former chairman of this  subcommittee, for those kind words--a sentiment that I share totally.  And we, I am sure, are going to be able to continue this cooperative  relationship in this new Congress, and I look forward to that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs.  Lowey), our full committee chairwoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Quigley), a member of our subcommittee and  the chairman-designate of the Financial Services and General Government  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the chairman of the Transportation  and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler), the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. Clark), a member of our  subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from New Jersey (Ms. Sherrill), a new Member of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Oklahoma (Ms. Kendra S. Horn), another new Member of  the House, who, as she will tell us, has a special reason, given her  district, to understand the impact of this shutdown.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15  seconds to the gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Hill), another of our new Members.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers  and I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, we have got to end this Trump shutdown. It is self- inflicted, costly, damaging, and dangerous. It is up to Congress to end  it.   Speaker after speaker on the Republican side this afternoon have  looked somewhat wistfully at the bills that passed the House  Appropriations Committee in the prior Congress. They longed for the  chance to consider funding bills that reflect compromise between the  House and the Senate, the equivalent of conference agreements, that we  negotiated last year.   Do we prefer those bills, Mr. Speaker? Of course, we do. But we  missed our opportunity to pass those bills in September and we missed  it again in December, when Republicans controlled all the levers of  government.   Now the new Democratic majority is forced to clean up this mess in  the middle of the Trump shutdown. This bill  [[Page H427]]  would reopen DOT and HUD, and it would provide billions in critical  transportation and housing investments for our communities, families,  and businesses.   This bill, and others on the floor this week, is the best way to make  it as easy as possible for the Senate to say yes. That is what this is  all about, Mr. Speaker: the Senate to say yes and end this shutdown.  They have already said yes to these bills.   I remind my colleagues and the Senate leadership of another  interesting fact, this bill, and other bills, can become law, even if  the President were to withhold his signature.   If you vote against this bill, you are enabling the irresponsible  behavior of the President and you are telling the American people that  you are willing to hold our government hostage for a boondoggle border  wall.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and end  the Trump shutdown.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, responsibility for funding  the Federal Government is as basic as it gets. It is one of the most  important duties of Congress. The previous majority failed to do the  basic task of keeping the lights on. Here on day 5 of the 116th  Congress, we Democrats and leadership are determined to reopen Federal  agencies shuttered by the Trump shutdown.   This legislation, which has already gotten bipartisan support-- virtually unanimous support in the Senate--will ensure that the Federal  Government is open and working for the American people.   The agencies funded in this bill have been shuttered for 20 days.  More than 20,000 air traffic controllers have been on the job, ensuring  the safety of the Nation's skies, without pay. They have been doing  their jobs without the usual complement of safety professionals who  support the operation of the airspace.   Yet, when payday comes for these controllers--and thousands of other  Federal workers--they will see nothing. Instead of their pay, they will  get a blank check. They will not get compensated for the work they have  done.   HUD is scrambling to renew contracts and ensure that thousands of  tenants aren't evicted. The uncertainty over Federal grants has caused  State departments of transportation to delay issuing contracts just  before the construction season, and the list goes on and on.   Mr. Speaker, we must end this madness. This bill, in its current  form, represents the quickest and easiest way to do this, making it as  easy as possible for the Senate to say ``yes,'' because they have  already said ``yes'' to these bills.   This is why we are taking this approach. I ask my colleagues to  support us in that so that here, on day 20 of the Trump shutdown, we  can bring this to a close. We are on the verge of having the longest  government shutdown in American history. We need to pass this bill  without further delay.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion to recommit,  vote ``no'' on the motion to recommit, and ``yes'' on the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   