 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for his  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I would remind the body that, 2 years ago today,  President Trump said this in the Diplomatic Room in the White House:  ``Today, we finally acknowledge the obvious: that Jerusalem is Israel's  capital. This is nothing more, or less, than a recognition of reality.  It is also the right thing to do. It's something that has to be done.''   Since that time, the Embassy was moved. I was privileged to join many  of my colleagues to visit the new Embassy in Jerusalem this past  August.   There, we stood, Democrats and Republicans, this August, looking at a  border with Lebanon where Hezbollah has 150,000 rockets pointing at  Jerusalem and at Tel Aviv.   We went near, but not too near, to Gaza, where rockets are being  fired at Israel and balloons are being sent over to burn fields,  despite Israel's good faith voluntary withdrawal from there in 2005.   But thank the Lord that America stands with Israel. Standing with  Israel yields results for our national security and for the benefit of  the great people of Israel, a true ally and democracy in which Jews,  Muslims, and Christians live together with rights protected, and they  live peaceably.   Following our example, Guatemala has moved its Embassy to Jerusalem.  Honduras announced recognition of Jerusalem just a few months ago.   Just this week.   For the first time, Germany, the Czech Republic, Austria, Bulgaria,  Denmark, Estonia, Greece, Lithuania, Netherlands, Romania, Slovakia,  Brazil, and Colombia voted against the annual resolution supporting the  Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, which oversees the  Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian  People. These countries previously abstained on the vote.   We are changing the world and recognizing Israel because we stand  with Israel, and standing with Israel works.   But rather than standing with Israel on a bipartisan basis, today,  our Democrat colleagues are pushing H. Res. 326. This is a liberal,  progressive retreat from standing with Israel and a move to have our  Nation tell Israel what to do.   This resolution spells out specific Palestinian Authority demands  without listing critical Israeli preconditions, such as acknowledging  Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state with an undivided Jerusalem  as Israel's capital and providing assurances for Israel's safety and  security through a demilitarized zone.   The resolution chooses to reference President Obama's policy  announced after the November 2016 election, while intentionally leaving  out the Trump administration's policy, designing the resolution to be  hyperpartisan.   This resolution is a politically motivated exercise designed to  undermine the policy of the Trump administration, the right policy,  announced in November, that settlements in Judea and Samaria not be  considered a violation of international law.  [[Page H9303]]    This resolution disproportionately criticizes the Israeli Government,  while failing to recognize the dangerous actions targeting innocent  Israelis that further remove the possibility of peace.   This resolution binds the U.S. Government and calls for Israel to  only pursue a two-state solution.   This is wrong. We should not bind ourselves and our ally, a sovereign  nation with equal standing before the United Nations, to only one  solution.    And, moreover, to one solution that has been a failed battle  cry because Palestinians have perpetually failed to come to the  negotiating table to pursue it in good faith.   How peace is reached in the Middle East begins and ends with actual  and complete recognition of Israel's right to exist--and it is up to  Israel to decide how and in what way a solution might be reached,  whether that is two states or otherwise.   The rich history of Israel is increasingly known and celebrated by  the world. It is a great and vibrant nation.   As we head into this celebratory season of our respective faiths, let  us celebrate Israel, together, its greatness, and remember that America  stands with Israel.    