 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4344, the  Investor Protection and Capital Markets Fairness Act, bipartisan  legislation that I introduced with my friend from Michigan, Congressman  Huizenga, the ranking member of the Investor Protection,  Entrepreneurship, and Capital Markets Subcommittee.   I also want to recognize my friend Representative Carolyn Maloney for  her work on this bill as well.   Utah is frequently discussed as one of the top States for fraud and  Ponzi schemes. A Deseret News article earlier this year noted that Utah  ranked sixth in most number of Ponzi schemes from 2008-2018, despite  being only 31st in population.   In that decade alone, Utah investors lost over $1.5 billion to Ponzi  schemes, or $502 per person, plus an additional $500 million in other  types of fraud: $2 billion, overall, taken from hardworking Utahns; $2  billion that won't be there for retirement, that won't be there to pass  along to our children and to our grandchildren.   As a result of a couple of recent court cases, that problem may  become much worse, leaving Utahns less protected, and leaving  fraudsters empowered.    Mr. Speaker, Charles Kokesh opened a firm that provided investment  advice to business development companies. Over the course of roughly 14  years, Charles Kokesh misappropriated tens of millions of dollars from  these companies, funding a lavish lifestyle for himself and, in the  process, defrauding the investors out of millions of dollars.   Mr. Kokesh was found guilty of misappropriating these investors'  funds, and the district court ordered Mr. Kokesh to pay a civil  penalty, as well as disgorgement, totaling roughly $35 million.   The facts of this case are not in dispute, but what comes next has  upset the delicate balance that keeps our markets fair and keeps our  investors protected.   In 2017, the Supreme Court ruled that the SEC's disgorgement  authority, the ability of the SEC to seek repayment of a defendant's  ill-gotten gains, that that authority is subject to a 5-year statute of  limitations. The Supreme Court further hinted, in an obscure footnote,  that the SEC may not be able to seek disgorgement of ill-gotten gains  at all.   What did this Supreme Court ruling mean for Charles Kokesh? In the  end, he was only ordered to pay $5 million in disgorged profits,  keeping roughly $30 million for himself: $30 million that he was able  to keep that he attained through nefarious means, $30 million in  profits from illegal activity, but, most importantly, $30 million that  won't find its way back to the investor victims.   He keeps $30 million and he loses $5 million--not a bad decade's work  for a fraudster.   And what did the Supreme Court decision mean for the SEC? The SEC  estimates that, in the 2 years since the Kokesh decision, they have had  to forgo over $1.1 billion in disgorged funds. That is over $1 billion  of ill-gotten gains that bad actors can now keep that don't get  returned to investors.    In addition to the over $1.1 billion in forgone funds,  the SEC is increasingly spending time and  [[Page H8931]]  staff resources fighting new legal challenges from bad actors claiming  that the SEC shouldn't be able to seek disgorgement at all.   SEC Chairman Jay Clayton, nominated for that position by President  Donald Trump, has lamented the impact of the Kokesh decision on the  SEC's ability to appropriately protect harmed investors and the amount  of losses they aren't able to recover for these investors. As he told  me at a recent hearing: ``You shouldn't reward somebody for concealing  a fraud for a long time.''   In a letter to the House, he also said that the SEC's disgorgement  authority is ``particularly important in circumstances where retail  investors have been the victims of long-running, well-conceived frauds,  including Ponzi schemes. For these victims, an action by the SEC  seeking disgorgement may be the only practical means of recourse.''   And now to pivot back to that footnote in the Kokesh decision, that  footnote said that the SEC may not have the authority to seek  disgorgement at all--within or outside that 5-year statute of  limitations. And just this past month, the Supreme Court granted cert  on a challenge to that very question. So, within the next year, the  Supreme Court will hear arguments and possibly decide to remove any  disgorgement action from the SEC, absent further action from Congress.    That would be catastrophic for the ability to protect  investors and to keep our capital markets fair, which is where this  legislation kicks in and why I think it is so necessary.   This legislation would reverse the Kokesh decision, specifically  authorize disgorgement as a remedy that the SEC can seek, and give the  SEC up to 14 years to seek disgorgement of ill-gotten gains. So, in  essence, this legislation seeks to fix the Kokesh decision and would  address the recent case the Supreme Court agreed to hear about whether  the SEC has disgorgement authority at all.   Chairman Clayton says: ``H.R. 4344 will ensure that sophisticated  fraudsters who carry out some of the most harmful frauds, including  Ponzi schemes that can defraud investors for long periods of time  before being uncovered, cannot keep their victims' money.''   Further, he says: ``H.R. 4344 is an important response to real harm  suffered by innocent victims.''    Our capital markets are the envy of the world, but they  don't work to the extent that investors have faith that bad actors  can't profit off wrongdoing.   I urge support for H.R. 4344.   