 Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment  No. 23 as the designee of Representative Gabbard.    Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of  the amendment offered by Representative Gabbard of Hawaii on the  limitation on the use of funds from the Special Defense Acquisition  Fund for Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.   This fund allows the U.S. military to preorder weapons for sale to  foreign militaries and is intended to reduce wait times for weapons or  related services.   While this is normally a good way to prevent a long and detrimental  wait for our allies to use weapons in self-defense, is it  unconscionable that it be used to kill and wound civilians in an unjust  war.   Saudi Arabia and the UAE have, since 2015, been bombing schools,  hospitals, buses, and other civilian targets.   As of March of this year, nearly 18,000 people have been killed or  injured by this bombing campaign since hostilities began in 2015,  according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights.   Thousands more have been displaced by the fighting, and millions are  faced with starvation, hunger, and disease.   This has created a humanitarian crisis, destroyed water supplies, and  created shortages in food and medical care.   We have already passed a resolution seeking to end U.S. involvement  in this slaughter, only to have the President veto it, while he  continues to supply Saudi Arabia with U.S. missiles and bombs.   This amendment will prevent the military from speeding supplies to  Saudi Arabia and the UAE and will do much to alleviate the suffering of  the people of Yemen.   Mr. Chair, I ask that all Members support this amendment and end our  involvement in this shameful war, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chair, I don't have any philosophical  objection to supporting our allies.  [[Page H5597]]  Saudi Arabia and the UAE are still America's allies. But what I object  to and what many of us in Congress object to is the bypassing of  Congress in selling arms to Saudi Arabia and the UAE.   On May 24, the Trump administration, through Secretary Pompeo,  notified Congress that it was declaring a fake emergency to bypass  congressional review of 22 arms sales to Saudi Arabia and the United  Arab Emirates.   How do we know this was a fake emergency? Because there is no  emergency to the United States or to UAE or to Saudi Arabia regarding  the war in Yemen.   It is a horrific humanitarian problem. The Saudi-led coalition has  killed countless civilians. But it is not an emergency that would  justify weapons sales to Saudi Arabia and UAE that bypasses  congressional procedure.   And, in fact, it has been recently reported that the UAE is now  pulling its troops out of Yemen. What kind of emergency is this that  would require the bypass of Congress to sell arms to UAE and Saudi  Arabia?   In addition, we had a hearing in the Foreign Affairs Committee where  the Trump administration official admitted that many of these arms  would not even be ready for months, if not years, in order to be sold.   So, it is unacceptable that the administration is trying to bypass  Congress.   What this amendment will do is simply say you cannot declare a fake  emergency to bypass Congress to sell these arms. If you want to sell  these arms to Saudi Arabia and UAE, you have to do it through the  normal process.   Mr. Chair, I request an ``aye'' vote on this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Chair, I agree Iran is a malign  influence in the Middle East, but that doesn't mean the administration  gets to bypass Congress in selling arms to Saudi Arabia and the UAE.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Smith).    Mr. Chair, this issue has bipartisan  support, and I request an ``aye'' vote on the amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chair, the President ran for office  on a promise of draining the swamp. He, in fact, personally has done  exactly the opposite.   My amendment is very simple. It simply prevents the President from  profiting off of his own trips to his own properties.   As you can imagine, when the President travels, he brings a large  staff with him--for security, for press, for logistics, for other  reasons--and then the American taxpayer ends up paying for the meals  and lodging expenses of everyone associated with that trip.   Up to this date, President Trump has spent 270 days at properties  that he owns. Every time he does that, he or his family profits. That  includes 99 days at Mar-a-Lago, 21 days at Trump International Hotel in  D.C., 74 at Trump National Hotel Bedminster, and 59 days at Trump  National Hotel Potomac.   The General Accounting Office reports that the President spends an  average of 3.4 million in taxpayer dollars every time he travels just  to Mar-a-Lago.   Not content to profit from the American taxpayer, the President has  also, in fact, raised prices at his properties, at Mar-a-Lago and at  Trump International Hotel in D.C. So, now, taxpayers are paying even  more for lodging expenses associated with his staff.   My amendment limits the use of Department of Defense funds at Trump- owned properties, and it also includes a waiver where the President can  still stay at these properties; he just has to reimburse the Treasury  for the amount that the taxpayer is paying for his staff to stay there.   Mr. Chair, with that, I respectfully request an ``aye'' vote, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the gentleman across the aisle  has mischaracterized this amendment.   All of his staff can still travel with him. The President just has to  reimburse the cost if it is at his own property, or he can choose to  stay at a Ritz Carlton or a Holiday Inn or any other commercial  property that he does not own.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Raskin).    Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman from  Maryland an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Chair, Department of Defense  employees should not be staying at high-priced hotels.   I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Beyer).    Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time  to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   