 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2590, the  Department of Homeland Security Overseas Personnel Enhancement Act of  2019. This bipartisan legislation will ensure the Department of  Homeland Security develops personnel overseas in a strategic,  effective, and efficient manner that will address threats before they  reach the United States shores, while improving our relationships with  foreign partners.   The United States Government positions many personnel from across the  Federal Government overseas to liaise with their foreign counterparts,  strengthen relationships, and build capacity with them. The Department  of Homeland Security does this to support its critical counterterrorism  mission.   H.R. 2590 will ensure that personnel deployed by Homeland Security  overseas receive adequate training and mission support, while having  their important perspectives heard by their colleagues back in the  United States.   Moreover, this bill addresses the importance of foreign-based  Homeland Security personnel to effectively coordinate with other  Federal partners, such as the FBI, in support of the Department's  counterterror missions.   We face an ever-changing threat landscape which presents new  challenges to securing air travel, public spaces, surface  transportation, and critical infrastructure from terror attacks. It is  imperative that we work together with foreign partners to share  information, build capacity, and learn from each other to respond to a  dynamic threat environment, much the same as I did for many years on  State, local, and Federal gang task forces.   I thank Representative Watson Coleman for cosponsoring this important  legislation, as well as Ranking Member Rogers and Chairman Thompson for  their support of this measure. I also want to thank my good friend from  California (Mr. Correa), who is handling the bill on the Democratic  side.  [[Page H4375]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this important bill seeks to ensure our  overseas efforts to protect the homeland are as effective and strategic  as possible. I again urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   