 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, before I get into my main remarks on  Syria, I just heard the majority leader, Leader McConnell, say that he  wants to see if we can do appropriations bills, that he will see if the  Democrats want to legislate. Give me a break. Since we have started to  legislate, we have been waiting for 6 months, 9 months. It is well- known in the country that the Senate is the legislative graveyard, that  Leader McConnell has not put on the floor bill after bill on major  issues that affect the country and that demand attention. Most  everybody knows that he is proud that he is the Grim Reaper. So now, in  his asking if the Democrats want to legislate, it is all up to Leader  McConnell.   On the appropriations bills, of course, we want to legislate when it  is being done in a fair way. There are some bills that came out of the  Appropriations Committee in a bipartisan way. I think there are four of  them that the leader is thinking of putting on the floor, and we would  like to move forward on those and have a vigorous process as we go  forward.   There are certain bills that were not done with any consultation--the  taking of money out of things like MILCON and HHS and putting it for a  wall that he knows the Democrats will not go for. Those kinds of things  we can't legislate until they become bipartisan, until we work  together. There are certain bills--HHS, Defense, MILCON, DHS--that we  can't move forward on until we have some bipartisan agreement. Yet, on  the bills on which there is agreement, we would be happy to move  forward. Of course, that doesn't solve the problem.   After that happens, our House colleagues--Speaker Pelosi, Chair  Lowey--have since suggested that there be a 302(b) conference because  even the 302(b)s are different than these bills, and that is the right  place to go once the Senate passes these less controversial bills.   I hope we can move forward. I hope we can. The first package of  bills--four of the five--is not controversial. The fifth, they didn't  even bring to the floor of the Committee on Appropriations--MILCON.  Yet, on those four, moving forward would be a fine thing. Hopefully, we  could work out an amendment process whereby Members could offer  amendments.   So we will finally legislate after 9 months, not just move judges and  other appointees, and that is a good thing. I am glad that Leader  McConnell has finally, maybe, felt the pressure and wants to legislate.   