 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and urge my  colleagues to defeat the previous question so the House may take up  H.R. 336, a bipartisan legislative package that would help fight back  against the BDS movement, protect U.S. security in the Middle East by  strengthening our alliances with Israel and Jordan, and sanction  nefarious actors like Assad.   The Senate version of this bill, S. 1, passed with an overwhelming  bipartisan majority of 77-23. Surprisingly, the major point of  contention for this package is the Combating BDS Act of 2019, a  bipartisan bill that garnered over 100 cosponsors last Congress and  would help combat the BDS movement.   It is okay to have reasonable, legitimate concerns with any  government in the world, including our own, but this hate-filled  movement is not all about affirming the rights of Palestinians, as some  suggest. It is about delegitimizing Israel by turning it into a pariah  state cut off from all trade, tourism, military, diplomatic, and  cultural ties with the rest of the world.   BDS, whose founder was blatantly anti-Semitic, amounts to a  declaration of economic war against Israel, with a goal of destroying  it as the only Jewish state on Earth.   I hear of college students all across our entire country who share  very personal testimonials of how they are being targeted by blatant  anti-Semitism in the name of BDS.   Thankfully, this week, the House passed H. Res. 246, a resolution to  forcefully condemn the BDS movement.   Making a strong statement is great and should be celebrated, but we  should wake up the next morning asking ourselves, challenging each  other to what we can do about it.   S. 1 has already passed the Senate, but it is not being brought up in  this House, despite nearly 200 Members signing the discharge petition  and over 100 cosponsors last Congress.   This bill does not impede the right of any individual American to  boycott or criticize Israel, as some suggest. Instead, H.R. 336 would  combat the BDS movement by simply allowing State and local governments  to have the right to counter the BDS movement by ending contracts with  companies that boycott Israel, if they so choose, while protecting U.S.  security in the Middle East.    There were 350 cosponsors on the statement that was made earlier this  week. There were nearly 400 votes on the House floor. Republicans and  Democrats worked together through a process, from drafting the  legislation to getting the bill marked up at committee, to passing on  the House floor, and we should celebrate making a great statement.   Now we should be passing a bill with teeth. We could do it right now.  If this bill gets added to the voting before we leave here this week, I  guarantee it passes.   So not only did we, earlier this week, make a strong statement to  combat the anti-Israel, anti-Semitic BDS movement, but we woke up the  next day motivated to actually challenge ourselves to do something  about it, and we got it done.   The one thing that is concerning is that we keep asking for a vote on  H.R. 336, and we are not getting an answer in response as to why it is  not coming up for a vote or when it will come up for a vote. I would  challenge anyone who has an answer to this question to please let us  know, because we don't know what else to do other than bringing up  today's proposal, for example.   But if this is something that has already passed the Senate with a  strong bipartisan majority, it is the right thing to do. We have almost  unanimously condemned the BDS movement, and we are here on the House  floor together with a bill that would pass, strongly?  [[Page H7394]]    Let's get it done. Let's get it done right now. There are a lot of  people who would celebrate that big win.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman who just spoke for  expressing his gratitude and his celebration for what passed earlier  this week and I appreciate his support for what passed earlier this  week.   I would actually suggest that doing something about that statement  that we made is not minimizing the statement that we made, it is  actually maximizing the statement that we made.   We are minimizing the statement that we made if we wake up the next  day and decide that we are not going to do anything about it by passing  a bill with teeth.   Again, I would ask anyone who has an answer to this question, when  can we have a vote on S. 1 and H.R. 336? It is a simple question. I  don't have the answer to it, but if anyone can answer that for us, it  would really help those who genuinely, sincerely, passionately believe  in this legislation.   I know from my conversations with colleagues on the opposite side of  the aisle, I know of a number of colleagues who would enthusiastically  vote for S. 1/H.R. 336. And I know of friends, colleagues on the other  side of the aisle who have asked for a vote on S. 1/H.R. 336.   Mr. Speaker, now would be a good opportunity, I don't want to put the  gentleman on the spot, but if anybody can answer that question, we are  very interested in having a vote scheduled on this bill.   Let's maximize the statement that we made by adding that. It will  pass and it will go to the President and it will be signed into law,  and we will celebrate not only a strong statement made, but maximizing  that strong statement made by doing something about it and passing a  bill with teeth.   