 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California (Mr.  McClintock) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today humbled and a bit emotional in support of  the First Infantry Recognition of Sacrifice in Theater Act, also known  as the FIRST Act.   The FIRST Act modifies the First Infantry Division Monument to  include and honor the names of 660 brave soldiers who paid the ultimate  sacrifice for our country during Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New  Dawn, and Operation Enduring Freedom.   The First Infantry Division Monument, located in President's Park,  west of the White House, was first conceived by the Society of the 1st  Infantry Division to commemorate the lives of soldiers killed serving  our country during World War I. Over the years, a total of 12,949 names  of fallen soldiers have been inscribed and commemorated on this  monument, but it will now take an act of Congress to honor the  sacrifices of those 660 recently fallen soldiers and give their  families a hallowed place for remembrance.   Throughout history, when the President had decided to send troops  into harm's way to protect American lives and uphold American values,  he has almost always called upon the 1st Infantry Division.   Indeed the 1st Infantry Division, more commonly known as ``The Big  Red One,'' has a heroic and storied past. Established in 1917, the  Division celebrated their 102nd anniversary earlier this year, and  since 1955, has called Fort Riley, Kansas, its home.   Over the years, the soldiers of The Big Red One have fought in World  War I, World War II, the Cold War, the Vietnam war, Operations Desert  Shield and Desert Storm, the Balkans peacekeeping missions, the war on  terror, and as of today, multiple operations around the globe.   Always first into battle, the Division fired the very first American  shots of World War I, providing the United States its first victory in  the war to end all wars at the Battle of Cantigny, France.   Despite suffering more than 1,000 casualties, the 1st Infantry  Division bravely captured the village from German forces, defended it  against repeated counterattacks, and bolstered the morale of the  Allies. The Division returned home in September 1919 with 5 medals of  honor.   Next, in World War II, the 1st Infantry Division led the way during  the Allied invasion of North Africa, leading to the defeat of the Axis  Afrika Korps and capturing over 250,000 soldiers.   The Division then departed for the invasion of Sicily, after a  specific request from Lieutenant General George ``Old Blood and Guts''  Patton. There they faced fierce mountain combat and suffered heavy  casualties, with some units losing over half their fighting strength.   The 1st Infantry Division would then return to England in preparation  for the Invasion of Normandy. On D-Day, June 6, 1944, soldiers from The  Big Red One would once again lead the assault on German forces in  landings at Omaha Beach. They would then go on to fight a continuous  offensive across France and into Germany, suffering over 20,000  casualties throughout the war.   After the war, the 1st Infantry Division provided protection for  occupied Germany and maintained security at the Nuremberg trials. The  Division played a pivotal role in World War II and would return home  with 16 members being awarded the Medal of Honor.   The 1st Infantry Division has been active all over the world,  assisting in combat and humanitarian missions for over 100 years. Since  the Division's establishment, more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st  Infantry Division have lost their lives in battle. Today, soldiers from  the Division stand at the ready in over 15 countries. We sleep  peacefully here at home because they stand at the ready abroad.   It is our duty as Members of Congress to ensure these fallen soldiers  are not forgotten by passing the FIRST Act and allowing the inclusion  of the names of these 660 fallen soldiers who paid the ultimate  sacrifice.   I am proud to represent them as they continue to exemplify their  motto: ``No mission too difficult, no sacrifice too great. Duty  first.''   