 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Utah  for yielding.   Madam Chair, I was sitting in my office in a meeting and looked up at  the TV screen on C-SPAN, and I watched our distinguished chairman put  up a chart that said that for every $1 you invest in proactive  predisaster mitigation, you get $6 in cost savings.   I was somewhat shocked because I have used that statistic over and  over again, and I have also used the statistic that the Congressional  Budget Office has a study that says you get $3 in cost savings for  every $1 you invest. The Corps of Engineers has a study that says you  get $7.92 for every $1 you invest. The National Institutes for Building  Standards says you get $11 in cost savings for every $1 you invest.   You know what? Every single time I have tried to do this, my good  friend has voted against me--every single time.   This bill is designed to send out press releases. Let me be clear:  Right now, we have well over $100 billion in resiliency projects that  are needed across the Nation. Just last year, under a Republican  Congress, we put tens of billions of dollars into funding those  resiliency projects through the Corps of Engineers, through FEMA. So  taking an existing program that manages our coastal resources and  expanding the eligibility, expanding the uses of funding without adding  new funds, all that is doing is further complicating the very mission  that the majority is trying to achieve.   The bill goes on further to give USGS permanent authority, or at  least authorizing them over the long-term, for fisheries management-- you know, USGS, our fisheries agency. No, they don't manage fisheries.  That would be NOAA.   This program also takes funds and does a set-aside of authorization  for Tribes under a coastal zone. We have learned over and over again  that the way that you manage your coastal resources is by integrated  management, not by breaking it up further and further into smaller and  smaller pieces.    We already have 35 coastal States and territories. We need to have  integrated management. We don't need to have Louisiana doing something  to mess up Mississippi or Texas. We need to make sure that we are  looking at it holistically as a Nation.   I have been one of the biggest advocates in this Congress for being  proactive and making investments in our communities. I represent south  Louisiana, one of the most disaster-impacted areas in our entire  Nation. The people I represent have been through it all, Hurricanes  Katrina, Rita, Gustav, Ike, Isaac. We have had high water on the  Mississippi River 4 years of the last 6, record high water draining  from Montana to New York to Canada on down.   This is not the right approach. This is a flawed approach.   I can't even believe I am standing here. My friends have voted  against me every single time we have tried to do thoughtful, integrated  approaches to protect our coastal communities, protect our ecological  resources. To come in and do this in a partisan manner and do it in a  way that is totally hypocritical over previous actions is ridiculous.   Madam Chair, I urge rejection of this bill and ask that we sit down  in a bipartisan manner and work out bipartisan solutions.   