 Mr. Chair, I stand in opposition to this legislation, as  it hamstrings U.S. energy production and goes against the will of the  people.   Tax reform not only delivered on the tax cuts for the country and  propelled our record-breaking economy, but it paved the way to further  energy dominance by authorizing the development of the Arctic National  Wildlife Refuge. Specifically, there is an area in the NPR that has  reserves designated in 1980 by a Democratic Congress to be opened up  for gas and oil lease sales.   Before tax reform and the opening of ANWR, 92 percent of the 19.5  million  [[Page H7674]]  acres could not even be legally touched. This area was set aside by the  1980 Congress and was limited to 2,000 Federal acres. That is just  0.0001 percent of ANWR.   I heard an analogy the other day. It is like the size of a football  on a football field. It is a very, very small spot. I heard another  analogy, the size of a postage stamp on a wall.   This was set aside for energy production. It has the resources, and  it is time for us to develop those resources because the failure to  develop the resources we have in this country to meet the energy needs  of our Nation means that we continue to be dependent on other nations.    We think about the Middle East when we think about that, but as I  told a story yesterday, the New England States get natural gas from  Russia. An LNG tanker that showed up at Boston Harbor provides natural  gas to an American State.   That means they are relying on Russia. That is hard for me to fathom  when we have an abundance of natural gas in this country, when we have  an abundance of oil in this country both offshore and onshore.   These are American resources that should be developed, with a very  minimal impact on the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It is time for  America to develop the resources God gave us when He blessed this great  Nation, develop these resources in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  It is the law of the land right now. It is time to develop.   