 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman  from California for giving me the time.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1. Last Congress,  House Democrats sought to address Russia's meddling in the Presidential  election. Unfortunately, the then-majority would not prioritize the  issue, so Democrats formed a Congressional Task Force on Election  Security, which I co-chaired.   In February of 2018, after a series of public meetings with experts  in national security, cybersecurity, and election administration, the  task force released a report charting a course for how we could better  protect our election infrastructure.   I am pleased that H.R. 1 includes the Election Security Act,  legislation I introduced to implement the task force's recommendation.  Under the Election Security Act, States are provided surge funding to  replace decades-old, outdated election equipment with more modern,  secure technologies.   Additionally, to move the Nation off the crisis-to-crisis model we  have been on, it provides grants, ongoing maintenance, and security. It  also improves transparency with election infrastructure vendors and  provides cybersecurity training to election officials.    Last month, at my committee's hearing on election security, some of  my Republican colleagues balked at the bill's price tag. Mr. Chair, to  put the bill's cost in context, the $1.8 billion provided here to  secure our elections from the Russians and other foreign adversaries is  half of what Congress provided in response to the hanging chads.   For the sake of our democracy, we cannot leave State and local  election officials to fend for themselves against sophisticated  adversaries like Russia. We have to help.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren) for yielding.   Mr. Chair, before I close, I would like to thank Speaker Pelosi,  Chairwoman Lofgren, and Mr. Sarbanes for all the work they and their  staffs have done to bring this important measure to the floor.   