 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the chairman of the RSC Budget  Committee for yielding to me, along with Chairman   Mike Johnson, for  leading the way on this task. I thank all of my colleagues who  participated in this, and the RSC staff who did the hard work. They  were there every night and every day to bring this budget together-- Richard Stern, Jay, and Mark. Many times, they don't get recognized for  the work that they did, but yet they put in a lot of effort.   So why do a budget? Everybody asks, why do you guys worry about a  budget? Well, this House is tasked with the power of the purse. We are  the ones who are supposed to be in charge of a budget and spending the  people's money, because the American people care how we spend their  money. They want us to spend it smartly, prudently, and responsibly. If  you don't have a budget, can you do that?    We have got a budget. Right here, we have got a budget. This is a  budget. This is a good budget. We are at $22 trillion in debt. This  Nation is at $22 trillion in debt.   In the previous administration, we saw the debt double. This  administration, it will probably double again. And if a Democrat gets  in, or a Republican, it will probably double again. If this body does  not come together, not as Republicans or Democrats, but as Americans,  this problem will never be addressed. What happens is a political  divide happens because we can blame the other side for not doing what  they are supposed to.   We didn't have a budget last year and the Democrats don't have a  budget this year. So how serious is this body about correcting this?  The Republican Study Committee has a budget. This budget needs to be  looked at.   I was born in the fifties--1955--and I grew up during the sixties.  Our mandatory spending in this country was roughly 30 percent: 70  percent was discretionary spending. Do you know what that allows you to  do? That allows you to do an interstate system, and it allows you to  have a space program and have aspirations of going to  [[Page H3835]]  the Moon and coming back by a Democratic President who put country  above politics. We came together, and we did that because we could.   Do you know what? We can't do that today, because, today, 71 percent  of our spending is mandatory, and 29 percent is discretionary. But let  me tell you who can do that.   China can go to the Moon. China can do infrastructure. In fact, they  are doing it all over the world. Do you know why? Because they are cash  rich. We are cash poor. In fact, they hold a large portion of our debt.   Let me tell you what $22 trillion in debt is. If you take $22  trillion and divide it by 330 million Americans, roughly, that comes  down to $67,000, not per family, but per individual. So for 300 million  Americans, they are $67,000 in debt.   Is it my fault? Yeah, I guess so, because I am here. It is your  fault, it is their fault. If we are here, this is our generation's  fault, and this is something that we have to come together as Americans  to fix.   If we don't have a budget, can we fix a budget problem? If we don't  have a budget, can we acknowledge a problem?   As I pointed out, the other side doesn't have a budget. There is a  budget and if we come together as Americans and put down the crazy  politics of fighting one side over the other, we can fix the problems  of this country. We can fix education, we can fix healthcare, we can  fix infrastructure, and we can plan for a future brighter than today.  We can create a vision for this country 50 to 100 years down the road,  but we can't do it if we are fighting over budgetary problems in this  Nation.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate the honor to be able to be on this  committee. I hope it sinks into the other side that we come together,  and we come together as Americans.   