 Mr. Chair, FinCEN's mission is critical to our national  and economic security. It is charged with safeguarding the financial  system from illicit use and combating money laundering.   Our amendment included in this en bloc directs FinCEN and its agency  partners to make proactive efforts to identify and oversee one  particular space, and that is cryptocurrency exchanges, wallets, and  so-called cryptomixers that try to hide the source of cryptocurrency  that is getting transmitted.   FinCEN regulates exchanges and money-services businesses that deal  with ordinary fiat currency. As FinCEN recognized early on, money  transmitters that deal in cryptocurrency are functionally no different,  and it only makes sense that they should also have to comply with anti- money-laundering regulations.   That is why, since 2011, FinCEN regulations have made it clear that  these kinds of entities are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act. More needs  to be done, however.   As of October 2018, only 13 out of the top 100 crypto exchanges had  reportedly registered with FinCEN, even though most crypto funds from  illicit entities flow through these exchanges.   We need to send a message to these agencies that they cannot hide in  plain sight, that they should live up to their obligation or FinCEN and  its law enforcement partners will find them and hold them accountable.   I am a big proponent of innovation, including in the fintech space,  but no one wants to see innovative products and services being used to  support terrorism, facilitate human trafficking, or enable criminals to  carry out fraud, identity theft, ransomware, or extortion.   That is why I hope my colleagues join me in supporting this en bloc  amendment, so we can encourage FinCEN to continue its important work in  the virtual currency space. The integrity and safety of our financial  system depend on these efforts.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this en bloc amendment so  that we can encourage responsible innovation in financial services  while ensuring that such innovation is not undermined by criminals who  engage in money laundering, illicit financing, and a whole host of  other cyber-enabled crimes.   