 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Engel for  yielding, and I congratulate Representative Castor for her great  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, I feel it is odd listening to the very same argument  that we can't go forward with this because there is nothing to hold  China or India to account because there are no requirements, and, at  the same time, the very same document puts a huge burden on America by  putting enforced requirements on us. It doesn't make any sense.   Mr. Chairman, for decades, the scientific community has understood  the need to fundamentally transition everything about how we live,  work, and move about this planet to protect life on Earth as we know  it. We have known this for decades. And yet, knowing how destructive  climate change is to our health, our safety, and our national security,  President Trump decided to withdraw from the Paris Agreement and  neglect, not just the fundamental responsibility to protect Americans,  but an enormous economic opportunity.   I feel like I am listening to arguments from lobbyists from the horse  and carriage industry against railroads, or for the buggy whip industry  against paving roads because cars are such a threat.   President Trump made a huge mistake by backing away from the  commitment we made in Paris. We are here today to correct that mistake  and to steer our country back in the right direction.  [[Page H3366]]    We have a chance to propel economic growth with investments in zero  net-energy buildings, electric vehicle charging infrastructure,  expanded solar, wind, geothermal, solar thermal, and more. We can lead  the world in creating good-paying, sustainable jobs.   There is no way that we can move fast enough or comprehensively  enough to address climate change, but this is about more than that.  This is about unleashing American innovation, creating American jobs,  and restoring American leadership on the world stage.    We must pass this bill and we must do it now,  both for the sake of the climate, for our kids, and for our economy.   