 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, Senator Cardin and I  introduced our S Corporation Modernization Act. That brings the total  of tax reform bills I have introduced so far this year to six.   Obviously, 2017 was a banner year for tax reform. In December of  2017, we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, a historic, comprehensive  reform of our Tax Code that put more money in American families'  pockets and helped spur growth at American businesses.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been a great success for our economy  and for hard-working Americans, but there are still things we can do to  strengthen our Tax Code even further.   As I mentioned, last week, Senator Cardin and I introduced our S  Corporation Modernization Act. S corporations are the most common  formal business structure in the United States. There are nearly 5  million of these businesses throughout the United States, including  large numbers in rural America. Despite the popularity of S  corporations, however, there have been few S corporation-related  changes to the Tax Code since this business structure was created.   There are things we can do to make it easier for these businesses to  operate and raise capital. That is why Senator Cardin and I developed  the S Corporation Modernization Act. Our legislation makes pro-growth  reforms that will make it easier for these businesses to grow and  create new jobs and opportunities in their communities.   Change is a human constant, but with modern technology, the pace of  change has seemed to accelerate. American workers and American  businesses face very different situations than they did even a decade  ago. It is important that our Tax Code keeps pace with the 21st century  economy.   In February, I reintroduced my Mobile Workforce State Income Tax  Simplification Act along with Senator Sherrod Brown. Today substantial  numbers of workers travel to different States for temporary work  assignments on a regular basis, and they end up subject to a  bewildering variety of State laws governing State income tax.   Senator Brown's and my legislation would create an across-the-board  standard for mobile employees who spend a short period of time working  across State lines. It would ensure that States receive fair tax  payments while substantially simplifying tax requirements for employees  and employers.   In March, I introduced two other bills focused on updating the Tax  Code for the 21st century economy. The last decade or so has seen the  rise of the gig economy--services provided by individuals through apps  and websites like Uber, Lyft, TaskRabbit, Postmates, Grubhub, and many  others. These arrangements have stretched the boundaries of current tax  law.   My New Economy Works to Guarantee Independence and Growth Act, or the  NEW GIG Act, as we call it, updates our tax law to provide clear  guidance on the classification of this new generation of workers. It  will ensure that Uber drivers, Postmates, Taskers, and others are  treated as independent contractors for purposes of tax law if they meet  a set of objective criteria. The certainty my bill provides will  benefit not only these workers but also traditional independent  contractors like freelance writers and delivery drivers.   I also introduced the Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act in  March with Senator Wyden. Our legislation is designed to prevent  consumers from being faced with multiple taxes for downloading digital  products.   For example, right now, a digital purchase of a television series  could hypothetically be taxed in up to three States, depending on the  circumstances of the purchase. The Digital Goods and Services Tax  Fairness Act would provide rules of the road for taxing digital goods  and services and ensure that digital purchases could only be taxed in  one State--the State in which the consumer resides.   It would also prohibit States and local governments from taxing  digital goods at higher rates than tangible goods. In other words,  under our bill, that season of ``The Office'' that you want to buy  digitally shouldn't be taxed at a higher rate than if you were  purchasing the season on DVD.   We have a proud history of charitable giving in this country.  Americans care about a lot of worthy causes and are committed to  helping those in need. That is why I have routinely introduced  amendments to the Tax Code to make charitable giving easier, several of  which have been signed into law.   This year, I again introduced the Charities Helping Americans  Regularly Throughout the Year Act, or CHARITY Act, with Senator Casey.  This year's version of our bill builds on some of the provisions we  succeeded in getting passed over the past few years and will continue  to help make it easier for Americans to give--and charities to  receive--money.   Finally, this year I once again introduced legislation to repeal the  punitive double--or triple--taxation known as the death tax. I have  worked a lot on the death tax issue over the years because of the way  it affects family farms and ranches. The death tax can make it  difficult or impossible to hand off the family farm or ranch to the  next generation.   While we gave farmers and ranchers substantial relief from the death  tax in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, that relief is only guaranteed for  6\1/2\ more years, which is why I am committed to passing a permanent  death tax repeal.   I am proud of the progress we have made for American businesses and  American families with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I will continue  working on these bills and others to further refine the Tax Code to  spur economic growth and to address the realities of the 21st century  economy.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   