 Mr. Speaker, I would like to  express my support for the Coast Guard Authorization Act and the  inclusive and bipartisan agreement that the Members of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee have reached.   The robust funding for the Coast Guard in this 2-year authorization  is indicative of this body's strong support for the men and women  serving in the Coast Guard and the important mission they undertake. I  recently visited our Coasties in District 7 to see their  professionalism and skills on full display--they make the impossible  look routine on a daily basis.   From drug interdictions to search and rescue, the Coast Guard  continues to prove its effectiveness while operating with limited  resources. The passage of this bill sends the message that every dollar  is a dollar well spent with respect to the U.S. Coast Guard.   This important legislation includes provisions that will further  strengthen the Coast Guard by expanding the use of unmanned systems and  fully integrating new and existing technologies developed both inside  and outside of the service.   I am pleased that the bill contains a number of provisions aimed at  increasing cultural competence in the Coast Guard and at the Coast  Guard Academy. The service will only realize its full potential once it  instills a culture that welcomes all people regardless of gender, race,  or sexual orientation.   The bill also includes several provisions aimed to bolster the U.S.  maritime industry. By clarifying certain requirements on domestic  vessels, it sends a strong signal of support for the Jones Act and our  coastwise maritime industry. By clarifying cargo preference  requirements, we begin to address losses in the internationally trading  U.S. fleet and rebuild the American mariner base.   The bill also contains important protections for the Hudson River in  my district and will ensure this natural treasure is preserved for  future generations to come.   I am proud to be one of the original sponsors of this important  legislation and I look forward to ensuring that this important  legislation is signed into law.   