 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for  his leadership on this issue.   I think Senator Toomey's proposal is an eminently reasonable,  commonsense proposal in that we take up the SECURE Act with an equal  number of amendments from the Republicans and the Democrats and that we  vote on the amendments on the Senate floor.   Now, everyone expects, in a few minutes, we are going to see the  Democrats stand up and object to that proposal and say: No, we don't  want amendments. We are not willing to vote on amendments. We are going  to see the Democrats hold the SECURE Act hostage because they are  unwilling to vote on amendments. We are going to see the Democrats hold  hostage bipartisan reform that would improve retirement savings and  also hold hostage tax relief for Gold Star families that should have  passed a long time ago. It is cynical for the Democrats to hold this  hostage, but because they are afraid to vote, they are getting ready to  object and say that Gold Star families don't get their tax relief. The  Democrats are afraid to have a vote in this body, and they are willing  to hold the Gold Star families hostage.   One of the proposals they are afraid to vote on is that of  commonsense education reform that has bipartisan support. It concerns  what are called 529 savings plans, which are immensely popular tax  advantage savings plans. Over 18 million Americans use them right now.  The vast majority of those who use 529 savings plans are middle-class  Americans. What 529 savings plans allow is for parents and grandparents  to save for the educational expenses of their kids.   In 2017, as part of the tax reform, I introduced an amendment to  expand 529 savings plans not just to college but to K-12 education. The  Senate took up that amendment, and it became the only amendment the  Senate adopted on the floor of the Senate that added anything to the  tax cut. It passed this body at about 1 o'clock in the morning, by a  50-50 vote, with the Vice President's having broken the tie.   It has become the most far-reaching and significant Federal school  choice legislation that has ever been enacted, benefiting up to 50  million school kids across this country. That legislation is already  done, and it is actually not what this fight is about. That fight was  about expanding 529s to K-12 education. The American people won that  fight, and the Democratic opposition lost that fight.   This amendment is, instead, a much more modest amendment that takes  529 savings plans and expands them to three groups of people.   No. 1, it allows the parents and grandparents of kids with  disabilities to use 529s to save for educational therapies for kids  with disabilities and to save for the additional assistance those kids  with disabilities need. That is an eminently commonsense proposition.   No. 2, it allows homeschooling families to participate in 529 savings  plans. In 2017, the Democrats cruelly carved out of 529s both kids with  disabilities and homeschooling families. There is no reason kids with  disabilities should  [[Page S6462]]  be discriminated against by the Democrats in this body, and there is no  reason homeschooling families should be discriminated against by the  Democrats in this body.   The third group of people it benefits is that of public school  students. What this amendment says is that the parents and grandparents  who have kids in public schools can use 529s to pay for additional  educational expenses. That means they can use 529s to pay for  standardized test preparation. That means they can use 529s to pay for  tutoring costs or whatever additional educational expenses they have  above and beyond their public schooling. This would potentially benefit  every child in public school today.   We may see the Democrats suggest that voting on this is somehow  partisan or divisive. The nice thing is that we know as an absolute  fact that it is not. Why do we know that? My amendment is for the  expanding of 529s for kids with disabilities, for homeschoolers, and  for public school students.   My amendment was taken up in the House Ways and Means Committee, and  it was adopted in the House Ways and Means Committee--and this is  important--unanimously. That means every single Republican on Ways and  Means voted for it and that every single Democrat on Ways and Means  voted for it. The Democratic chairman of the House Ways and Means  Committee voted for this 529 reform. It was unanimous, bipartisan,  commonsense reform. Unfortunately, what happened after that is, when  the bill left Ways and Means and went to the House floor, some  political leaders and teachers unions got upset, and Speaker Pelosi  essentially did a drive-by shooting and, on the floor, took the  provision out.   Here is the part that is particularly ironic. Do you know the single  biggest monetary beneficiary of the 529 reform for which I am asking  for a vote? The single biggest monetary beneficiary would be the public  schoolteachers. Why is that? It would allow public school students and  their parents to have 529 savings accounts in order to pay for  tutoring. Who do you think those parents are going to hire to tutor  their kids in public school? They are going to hire other public  schoolteachers. We are literally talking about millions of dollars for  public schoolteachers that you are about to see the Democrats block.   I would speak to the members of the press corps. Just once, I would  like to see the press corps ask a Democrat: Why are you blocking relief  for children with disabilities and their parents? Why are you  discriminating against homeschooled kids, and why are you hurting  public schoolteachers and stopping public school students from being  able to get tutoring and test preparation?   It is worth noting that Senator Toomey's proposal is not even that  this proposal be adopted. It is simply that we vote on it. Yet the  cynicism of today's Democratic Party is such that we are about to see  them object to even having a vote. That is unfortunate and it is wrong.   I say let's go back to the bipartisan proposal for which every single  Democrat on the House Ways and Means voted and every single Republican.  Let's work together, and let's actually serve the people who elected  us.   I yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania.   