 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we live in a highly divided time, of course, high levels  of polarization, but I would submit, Mr. Speaker, that one thing that  every Member of this esteemed body can agree upon is they want people  to be able to work their way out of poverty, that that pathway out of  poverty is a critically important part of the American story.   And one thing that I know deep in my heart, and I know that my  colleague, Congresswoman Adams, agrees, and that is that education is a  powerful tool. Education and hard work creates opportunity for people  to be able to build better lives, and that is why we gather here today:  the FUTURE Act, Fostering Undergraduate Talent by Unlocking Resources  for Education Act.   Now, Congress has long recognized the importance of historically  Black colleges and Tribal colleges, of which there are a number in  South Dakota, and we will hear more about them in a bit, and there are  other minority-serving institutions. They play a critically important  role in building that pathway out of poverty that we have been talking  about.   We also know what a large role STEM--science, technology, engineering  and math--is playing in our country today, and we know that it will  play an even larger role in the future. And so what this bill does,  what the FUTURE Act does, is make sure that the Congressional  commitment to that STEM education continues for a decade.   Mr. Speaker, $255 million a year has gone to historically Black  institutions, Tribal colleges, and other minority-serving institutions.  It has unlocked great potential and great opportunity. We do know that  these institutions work. We know that they are worth investing in. We  know that graduates of those minority-serving institutions earn more  and have more successful careers than people who do not graduate from  those institutions.   And, in fact, we know that for many of the institutions, their  outcomes for their students are better than the outcomes for students  who graduate from non-minority-serving institutions. This a powerful  story, and it is worth investing in.   We talked about that for a decade this program has been in place and  it has been working. The 10-year authorization lapsed earlier this  year--September 30, 2019. We have an opportunity here today for this  Chamber to reinvest in what works and to get our work done on, at  least, close to on time.   So, Mr. Speaker, I have other comments to make, particularly about  Tribal colleges, but at this point, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, for 22 years, Texas has  been ably represented by Congressman Kevin Brady, who has done a  fantastic job serving Texas in this country. But I do have to brag, he  is still a favored son of his native State of South Dakota, where Rapid  City and Vermillion remember him well.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Brady).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Chief Sitting Bull said: ``Let us put our minds together  and see what life we can make for our children.''   Now, Chief Sitting Bull has cast a long shadow in South Dakota and  that general geographic area. His words are as true today as they were  when he uttered them. And he is the namesake for one of the impressive,  successful, hardworking Tribal colleges in South Dakota.   They are collectively serving and improving the lives of thousands  of, largely, Native students, although, some White students as well.  And the outcomes are fantastic. They really are changing lives. They  work every single day, often in difficult geographic environments,  often in difficult financial environments, to help students who are so  often first-generation students take those important educational steps  to find that pathway toward a more successful life.   This is worth investing in. I have been to these colleges. Over my 20  years in and out of the public sector, I have been to Oglala Lakota  College, and I have been to Sitting Bull College and Sinte Gleska and  Sisseton Wahpeton.   The names of these presidents--Vermillion, Azure, Bordeaux, and  Shortbull--these are legends in the educational arena. Those leaders  and their staffs are using these dollars to deploy this STEM education  in a way that really works.   And we all know, Mr. Speaker, how important STEM education is. I  suspect we all understand that 15 of the 20 fastest growing careers are  in the STEM fields. They require advanced study in science, in  mathematics. We understand that job growth over the course of the next  10 years in these STEM fields will be 100 percent higher than job  growth in other fields.   Now, that is not in any way an attempt to minimize the importance of  other types of education, of course; but, if we want to have students  at historically Black colleges and Tribal universities and other  minority-serving institutions be prepared to be a key part of this  growing American economy, the FUTURE Act and the STEM education that it  supports is critically important.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in August, I was at Sitting Bull College, and I had an  opportunity, over the course of half a day or so, to speak with the  instructors, the professors, the administrators, and, most importantly,  the students there. The stories of these students brought such a smile  to my face.   If anybody is having a bad day, you have got to go to one of these  Tribal colleges. You have got to hear from the students who are seeing  the prospects for a better tomorrow improve every single day they sit  in the classroom; to see these facilities, which are not the fanciest  campuses in America, but are places where people with large hearts and  with limited resources have built a center of learning and economic  opportunity.   One student had had a very difficult life, and I asked her: So why do  you persevere? Why are you here? Why are you doing homework late into  the night so you can be prepared for class? Wouldn't it be easier to go  do something else?   She said: Congressman Johnson, the life I have had isn't the life  that I want to have. My children deserve better, and, sir, I am going  to give it to them.   Hard work alone can only do so much. Hard work, when paired with  education, can unlock the universe. This is happening in our country,  and it is worth investing in.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, just a short note about  Congresswoman Adams.   I have the honor of serving with her on both the Education and Labor  Committee as well as the Agriculture Committee, and, every time we have  a committee hearing, I get an opportunity to see her hard work, her  respect, her conscientiousness, her approach toward making this  institution be the best that it can be. She has done yeoman's work in  getting us to this point.   I would advise the Congresswoman as well as the Speaker that I have  no further speakers and that I am prepared to close at the appropriate  time, sir.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this bill does three important things.   First, it invests in these historically Black colleges, Tribal  colleges, and other minority-serving institutions we have been talking  about, and the value proposition for those is clear. It is a great  American success story.   The second important thing that the FUTURE Act does is invest in STEM  education. We have talked a fair amount today about what an important  and powerful engine that can be for economic growth within this  country.   We have also talked a fair amount today about the third component of  this bill, which is streamlining and modernizing this complicated  Federal student aid system that costs American taxpayers real money.  That streamlining will help.   Mr. Speaker, with that three-pronged value proposition, we have  before us the FUTURE Act, which will continue this wonderful American  investment in STEM education at these minority-serving institutions. I  ask my colleagues to support the FUTURE Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   