 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, there is one thing pretty much every  American can agree on. It is that illegal robocalls are a major  nuisance. Who hasn't been annoyed after answering the phone and  discovering it is an automated message asking you to purchase some  product or provide sensitive personal information?   But, of course, these calls aren't merely a nuisance. Scammers use  these calls to successfully prey on vulnerable populations, like the  elderly, who may be less technologically savvy. It is no surprise that  people are deceived. I think most of us have received robocalls that  sounded pretty credible, and the practice of spoofing numbers adds  another layer of deception. Scammers can disguise the actual number  they are calling from so the call looks like it is coming from a  legitimate number. You may recognize the number calling you as a  trustworthy local number, but the actual call may be from a scam  artist.   I remember an article from my home State a couple of years ago that  reported that scammers had successfully spoofed the number of the  Watertown Police Department. So to anyone who received that call, it  looked as if it was really the Watertown Police Department calling.   If the source looks credible and the call sounds credible, it can be  difficult not to believe it, which is why people fall prey to robocall  scam artists every single day, sometimes with devastating consequences.   Scammers' goal is to steal the kind of personal information that can  be used to steal your money and your identity. When scammers are  successful, they can destroy people's lives.   There are laws and fines in place right now to prevent scam artists  from preying on people through the telephone, but unfortunately, these  measures have been insufficient. Almost a year ago today, when I was  chairman of the Commerce Committee, I subpoenaed Adrian Abramovich, a  notorious mass robocaller, to testify before the committee. His  testimony made it clear that current fines are insufficient to  discourage robocallers. Robocallers just figure that those fines are  part of the cost of doing business.  [[Page S2299]]    In addition, the Federal Communications Commission's anti-robocall  enforcement efforts are currently hampered by a tight time window for  pursuing violations. To address these problems, at the end of last year  I introduced the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and  Deterrence Act, or the TRACED Act.   Last week, my bipartisan legislation passed the Commerce Committee by  unanimous vote. The TRACED Act provides tools to discourage illegal  robocalls, protect consumers, and crack down on offenders. It expands  the window in which the FCC can pursue intentional scammers from 1 year  to 3 years, and in years 2 and 3, it increases the financial penalty  for those individuals making robocalls from zero dollars to $10,000 per  call to make it more difficult for robocallers to figure fines into  their cost of doing business.   It also requires telephone service providers to adopt new call  verification technologies that would help to prevent illegal robocalls  from reaching consumers. Importantly, it convenes a working group with  representatives from the Department of Justice, the FCC, the Federal  Trade Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, State  attorneys general, and others to identify ways to criminally prosecute  illegal robocalling.   Criminal prosecution of illegal robocalling can be challenging.  Scammers are frequently based abroad and can quickly shut down shop  before authorities can get to them, but I believe we need to find ways  to hold scammers criminally accountable. There are few things more  despicable than preying on and exploiting the vulnerable, and scammers  should face criminal prosecution for the damage that they do.   I am very pleased that the TRACED Act has now moved to the full  Senate for consideration. I am grateful to Senator Markey for  partnering with me on this legislation, and I am pleased that this  bipartisan bill has been embraced by all 50 attorneys general, by the  Commissioners at the Federal Trade Commission and the Federal  Communications Commission, and by major industry associations and  leading consumer groups.   Later this week, I will hold a hearing on the Commerce Committee  Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the  Internet, which I chair, to further examine the problem of illegal  robocalling. I will work to get the TRACED Act to the President's desk  as soon as possible.   This legislation will not prevent all illegal robocalling, but it is  a big step in the right direction. I look forward to helping consumers  by enacting the TRACED Act's protections as soon as possible.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Texas (Mr. Cruz) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would haved voted ``yea.''   