 Mr. President, yesterday, we had what I believe will be  viewed as a historic hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee. It is a  committee I have been on for now about 4\1/2\ years.   The Attorney General, Mr. Barr, came before the committee to answer  questions about the special counsel investigation--an investigation  that took 675 days, cost more than $25 million, had 34 people indicted,  including Russian nationals, more than 2,800 subpoenas, 500 witnesses,  500 search warrants, more than 230 orders for communication records,  and 13 evidence requests to foreign countries. I think by those  measures, that is considered a pretty extensive investigation.   Back about 2 years ago, in August of 2017, Senator Graham and I and a  couple of other Members actually filed a bill to make it difficult to  have a special counsel removed before an investigation had been  completed. I actually took a fair amount of heat from people on my side  of the aisle for doing that, but I believed we needed to have this  investigation run its course, and it did. It culminated in a more than  400-page report that now is largely available to the public. In fact,  of the 400--I think it is almost 440 pages--90 percent of volume I,  which is the volume that talks about Russia tampering with U.S.  elections, 90 percent of that is available to the American public.  Volume II--the volume focused on whether there was obstruction of  justice--98 percent of that was made available to the American people 3  weeks after the Department of Justice received the unredacted report.   Now, for the leaders of the Senate, 99.9 percent of the special  counsel's report is available. You could say: Why not 100 percent?  Because we have rules here--and I think it is also important to point  out that the Attorney General  [[Page S2595]]  had no legal obligation to release any of this. This could have been  deemed a confidential matter, and it could never have been available to  the general public. The Attorney General took the extraordinary step of  making sure that as much as possible could be made available, and he  did a great job.   I might add that throughout the entire process, the White House had  the opportunity to assert Executive privilege. They could actually have  portions of the report blocked out or have it redacted, which falls  short of that. The White House never reached out and requested any  omissions or, actually, redactions of the report, which means you can't  read it publicly--not one in the nearly 3\1/2\ weeks it took for the  Attorney General to get the report ready for public consumption.   Some people are wondering, why did it take so long? Because the  process of redaction has to take into account basically three different  considerations. You have to determine whether there is a matter there  that could be embarrassing to a party who had no involvement; they were  just a witness in the investigation. It could be because there are  ongoing investigations, or it could be because it is a threat to  homeland security. But even with that, 90 percent of it is available to  the general public, on Russian tampering--98 percent.   The reason I tell you that is at the hearing yesterday, if you sit on  the Judiciary Committee--I am not a lawyer. I am a businessperson who  has been on the Judiciary Committee for 4\1/2\ years. So I don't  necessarily go at this debate the same way that maybe an attorney  would. We had a lot of the people in the committee really trying to  mislead the American people. They were saying that there was wrongdoing  because the Department of Justice had to take about 3\1/2\ weeks to get  the report ready for prime time. We are saying that the report is  available. It took about 3 or 4 weeks to actually make it available.  But they are almost suggesting that was a criminal or obstructionist  act.   Some, instead of going down that tack, said that a letter--I have to  explain the timeline.   On March 24, the Attorney General issued a letter saying that the  bottom line of the report they were reviewing was that there was no  crime committed by the President and that there was insufficient  evidence to even suggest there was obstruction.   Now, you have to understand these two working in play. The crime that  many of my colleagues and friends on the other side of the aisle said  the President committed never happened. After 675 days and all the  interviews and all the warrants and everything that I have said, there  was no underlying crime.   The second half of the report is about obstruction. This would be  obstruction in an investigation that concluded there was no underlying  crime. The President was deemed not to have committed a crime. The  President was deemed not to have committed obstruction of justice.   So now we turn to a request to have Robert Mueller come before the  Judiciary Committee so they can ask him questions. What questions could  he possibly answer that are not embodied in a report that took 675  days, $25 million, hundreds of witnesses, and dozens of full-time  professionals? What more could Robert Mueller possibly say in a 3- or  4-hour hearing that is not embodied in this report and within the full  view of the American public? I don't think it is about that.   Actually, one of the arguments that were used in the committee was,  we need his advice on how to prevent Russia from tampering in our  elections. Really? I don't need an attorney's advice on how to prevent  Russia from tampering in our elections. Prosecutors determine whether  laws are broken. Robert Mueller is not a professional in cyber security  and elections safety; he is actually a prosecutor who finished his job.   Some of the other ones said: Well, the reason we want to get his  input is because the President is not interested in securing elections.  Well, I would ask them to go back to the classified briefings that I  have sat in and they have sat in where the administration is clearly  taking aggressive actions to make sure that Russia can't penetrate our  State election systems and that they can't meddle in the way they  attempted to in 2016.   So what this really boils down to is theater--some of it almost to  the level of comedy. Let me give an example.   There was a House hearing today, and I am about to put up a picture  that actually was on C-SPAN that actually occurred in a House hearing.  You tell me whether the chair of that committee is actually serious  about this subject when you have a guy eating fried chicken in place of  where they wanted Attorney General Barr to be. This guy didn't even  have good enough sense to have Bojangles' chicken. And they have the  chair and others letting him have that kind of theater in a House  committee room.   Really? I mean, can you honestly say you are serious about this, or  is this like a circus and a political tool because you lost? You wanted  the President to be guilty. You wanted to prove he obstructed. I get  that. A lot of it was a political exercise. But the bottom line is,  after 675 days, almost $30 million when it is all totaled up, 34 people  indicted, including Russians, 2,800 subpoenas, 500 witnesses  interviewed, 500 search warrants executed, 230 orders for communication  records, and 13 requests to foreign countries to provide information-- really? These folks--some of them are prosecutors--know better.   I will tell you that I think the American people want my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle to focus on what Americans are really  worried about. They are worried about their economic security. They are  worried about their healthcare security. They are worried about keeping  a job. They are worried about sending their kids to college and putting  them through school. If you want to win an election next year, stop  playing games and stop the theater.   The President is not guilty of a crime. The President is not guilty  of obstruction of justice. It went through one of the most rigorous  investigations in modern history.   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, prove what policies  and priorities you have for the American people, and win on the basis  of your ideas on your commitments. Stop the theater, and get back to  work.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   