 Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking Mr. Upton for  yielding his time to me.   I rise in support of H.R. 1760, the Advanced Nuclear Fuel  Availability Act, a bill that I introduced with my friend, Mr.  McNerney, from California.   This bipartisan bill passed the House unanimously in the last  Congress. It would ensure that America remains at the forefront of the  global race to develop the next generation of nuclear reactor  technologies.   Nuclear energy generates approximately 20 percent of our country's  always-on baseload electricity for our  [[Page H7546]]  homes and businesses. Furthermore, because nuclear emits zero  CO2, it is also America's largest source of clean and  efficient energy.   Most current-generation and legacy nuclear reactors in use today  operate on a fuel that is generally enriched below 5 percent. The next  generation of advanced nuclear reactors currently under development  vary in size and technology compared to current reactors, and they  would require a new type of advanced fuel.   This fuel known as high-assay low-enriched uranium, or HA-LEU for  short, is enriched at higher levels than what is available in the  current commercial market. The bipartisan Advanced Nuclear Fuel  Availability Act establishes a public-private partnership through the  Department of Energy's Office of Nuclear Energy to support the  availability of HA-LEU for domestic commercial use.   A March 2017, survey of advanced reactor developers based in the U.S.  found that the lack of availability of advanced fuel is the foremost  factor that would impede the development and deployment of advanced  nuclear technologies.   Simply put, H.R. 1760 would ensure that a supply of advanced fuel is  available for our domestic commercial industry to purchase and to power  the advanced reactors of tomorrow.   Global energy demand will continue to increase and zero-emissions  nuclear power is the ultimate green source to meet future generations'  needs. It is important to pass this bill to give American innovators a  competitive edge in designing and deploying the reactors of tomorrow.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McNerney again for coleading H.R. 1760 with  me, as well as our committee leadership and staff for their assistance  in bringing this legislation forward.   I, again, urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill so we  can power the 21st century economy in an environmentally friendly, zero  emissions manner for hardworking American families.   