 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise, a proud American.  But I am especially proud, Mr. Speaker, of this House of  Representatives because, yesterday, this House engaged in the first  part of a bipartisan--bipartisan--effort.   It was bipartisan yesterday, but it is a bifurcated effort as well.  Bifurcated because, yesterday, this House voted with a vote of 244 to  condemn the President. Yesterday's vote was to condemn, the first part  of the bifurcated process. Today's vote is to determine whether or not  we will punish the President.   The effort yesterday was wonderful. I supported it. But it does not  punish the President. It does not fine him. He will remain in office.   Today, we will deal with the question of what his punishment should  be. Today, between 4 and 5, somewhere in there, there will be Articles  of Impeachment voted on. This will be the opportunity for us to go on  record letting the world know where we stand.   If we vote to table, we are voting not to advance impeachment. If we  vote to send it to the Committee on the Judiciary, we are voting not to  advance impeachment.   I will not vote to table. I will not vote to send it to the Committee  on the Judiciary. I will want to move forward so that we can move to  vote to impeach.   This President has committed impeachable offenses. Yesterday, we  condemned him for them. Today is our opportunity to punish him for  them.   And for those who might say, ``Well, if you do this, there may be  some people who won't like you,'' well, there are times when you have  to do that which is neither safe nor politic nor popular. You have to  do it because it is right.   But I would also say this: If we voted yesterday to condemn him,  those who are not going to like you are not going to like you any more  today when you vote to impeach than they will if you vote not to  impeach. They are still going to be where they were when you decided  that you were not going to support what the President has been doing  since he has been in office.   Finally this, Mr. Speaker. I love my country. It means something to  me to be a part of the fiber and fabric of this country. And because I  love it, I will not allow anyone to be above the law.   The President has been above the law some 91 days since the Mueller  report was presented--some 91 days. I think that it is time for us to  send the President a clear message that he is not above the law. I  think it is time for us to impeach.   I also believe that this, and understand, what we are doing today  with impeachment, does not impact the Mueller report. It does not  impact what the Committee on the Judiciary is doing or any other  committee investigating obstruction. Obstruction has nothing to do with  what we will vote on today. This is about what the President has done.   You cannot incite people to harm other people with your words. You  can't yell, ``Fire,'' in a crowded theater.   The President has committed an impeachable offense, and we ought to  take it up. He ought to be impeached.   I will vote to advance to impeachment, and I pray that this President  will be impeached today.    Madam Speaker, I rise to a question of the  privileges of the House and offer a resolution previously noticed.   