 Mr. President, I will submit my full comments for the  Record as others have done. But you can tell, as we continue to go  here--and we know that we have a hard stop on the vote at 5 p.m.-- Senators just want to be here to express their admiration and their  appreciation and their gratitude to Senator Isakson. We wish Johnny and  Dianne the very best in their next endeavors.   It is hard to see Senator Isakson leave this body. He has added so  much in an amazing and wonderful way for the time that he has been  here. It is not just that, hands down, if we were going to vote as to  the Senator who everybody appreciates the most, hands down, he would  win that in a bipartisan vote. There is not a question about it.   At the same time, each of the Senators has remarked on something  substantive and important that Johnny has done and they have had a  chance to be part of--legislation that affects this Nation and the  great people of this country in a real and meaningful way. I want to  talk about that for just a minute, and that is the VA MISSION Act.   As the chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee, there is no  question that Senator Isakson led the effort on behalf of our veterans  in so many instances. He passed legislation and did many things to help  our veterans--things that will help our veterans, not only today and  tomorrow but for years and years to come. Included among those  accomplishments is the VA MISSION Act. I had the opportunity to work  with him on making sure we could include language in that legislation  that would not only make sure that veterans have access to healthcare,  medical care--both institutional VA care and from private providers-- but also that they could access those VA benefits for long-term care  and for home- and community-based care. It is legislation that, thanks  to Johnny, we were able to include in the VA MISSION Act.    So it is not just about medical care for those veterans. It is about  making sure that they can use VA reimbursement to go into nursing homes  in their communities if they need nursing home care or if they need  home- or community-based care. Again, it is not only the medical care  but the long-term care for our veterans that will make the difference  for them today, tomorrow, and in the years and years to come. This is  the kind of legacy that Senator Isakson leaves.   To Johnny and Dianne, we say thank you, and God bless you. We wish  you the very best.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators  Graham, Tester, and Murray be allowed to complete their brief remarks  before the vote previously scheduled for 5 p.m.   