 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my bill, H.R.  1815, the SEC Disclosure Effectiveness Testing Act. I thank Chairwoman  Waters and Subcommittee Chair Maloney for their leadership on the  Financial Services Committee and their unwavering dedication to  protecting investors.    That is exactly what this bill does. It is a pro-investor bill that  has one goal: that the SEC ensures disclosures made to retail investors  are clear and concise so that Americans can make informed investment  decisions.   We are not here to relitigate the proper duty that brokers owe to  investors. Instead, this bill is about making sure that disclosure  documents convey information to investors effectively. We would never  let companies post warning labels in ancient Greek, yet we too often  allow disclosure documents--say, for conflicts of interest--to be  written in jargon that is unintelligible to anyone without a law  degree. Merely providing information to investors is not enough. We  have also to make sure that information is understood.   Whether it is buying a house, sending your kids to college, investing  in your retirement, or just saving for a rainy day, the American Dream  depends on our ability to invest in our future. This bill protects  Americans by doing pretty basic market research to ensure that legally  required disclosures can be understood by the average investor.  Disclosures are already legally mandated to disclose information about  fees, comparisons of investment advisory services, conflicts of  interest, and much more, but just because those forms are provided to  investors doesn't mean that investors understand them.   As we all know, the biggest lie on the internet is that ``I have read  and understand the terms and conditions.'' So we should not assume that  just because an investor has been provided a disclosure agreement means  that they understand it.   Now, in point of fact, the RAND Corporation--this was what my  colleague referred to--conducted this investor testing--we agree--with  1,800 individuals, 31 qualitative, in-depth interviews. This is what  they concluded: ``Nearly 90 percent of respondents opined that the  relationship summary would help them make more informed decisions about  investment accounts and services . . . but interview discussions  revealed that there were areas of confusion for participants, including  differences between types of accounts or financial professionals.''   There were no changes made after that. Yes, they did the surveys, but  many did not know and still do not know the difference between account  types or financial professions. Others didn't appear to have  synthesized the information in ways that they could apply it.   In other words, consumers want these disclosures. Qualitative testing  shows that what they are getting is not informing them properly, and  that is why this bill is so important.   The SEC Disclosure Effectiveness Testing Act would build on SEC's  investor testing efforts and require the agency to engage in a robust  iterative process for any existing or future disclosures intended to  help retail investors make investment decisions.   Specifically, the bill anticipates that the SEC will test those  documents used by retail investors when selecting an investment  professional to work with, assessing an investment recommendation, or  deciding to purchase or sell a security. This would include testing of,  for example, brokers' trade confirmation statements and investment  advisers' brochures that detail business practices, fees, conflicts of  interest, and disciplinary information.   In short, if we are going to rely on disclosures, we need to make  sure the disclosures work.   We use market research to convey simple and important messages. Take  an example: We don't put warnings on a box of cigarettes that says that  in multiple peer-reviewed papers, scientists have found that prolonged  exposure to cigarette smoke increases your risk to certain types of  cancers, and those results are less than 5 percent likely to have been  the result of sampling error.   Nobody would understand that. We say, ``Smoking kills,'' because our  job is to communicate. We would be delinquent if we weren't equally  clear in this case.   We are talking about disclosures like Form CRS that would require  financial professionals to deliver to their retail customers a short  and simple disclosure form to clarify the scope of their customers'  relationship and companies who offer them financial services.   A consumer disclosure has to do more than just protect the discloser.  If an investor doesn't understand what is being disclosed, then we  cannot say that anything was truly disclosed. We must make sure that  investors know what is being disclosed, and that is what the bill does.    This isn't a mandate on high to dictate to  the SEC what the disclosures should say but rather says that it must do  qualitative interviews to confirm that investors understand the  disclosure. That is why the AARP has endorsed the bill, as well as the  Financial Planning Coalition, the Consumer Federation of America, and  the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards.   This is a narrowly tailored bill that applies to a number of  disclosure statements that Main Street retail investors rely on. It  does not apply to disclosures that are relied on primarily by  sophisticated institutional investors.  [[Page H8211]]    When I was growing up, there was an ad on television for a discount  menswear store called Syms. At the end of every commercial, their  president, Sy Syms, would say, ``An educated consumer is our best  customer.'' We owe nothing less to the American people, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  Huizenga amendment, and I want to clarify a couple of points.   The bill gives the SEC Office of the Investor Advocate a larger role  to prioritize which disclosures to test. The bill also says that once  testing is completed and is found to be clear, there is no need to do  further testing unless there are substantive changes.   To argue that every single bill is going to have to be reviewed every  single time is not an argument that is made in good faith. The question  here on the amendment is simply: Should we exempt one single form from  the broad discretion given to the SEC in this rule? It is not clear to  me why you would exempt Form CRS from investor testing, unless you  don't want investors to understand the fees, costs, or conflicts of  interest of investment professionals.   We know, through the testing that was done, that Form CRS appeared to  be helpful for investors who had already read similar documents and who  had more investing experience. And we know from the testing that was  done that Form CRS, as currently written, is not that helpful for  investors who haven't otherwise read similar documents.   We can't tie the SEC's hands in determining which disclosure  documents need further investor testing. But if we are sitting here and  believe that we have an obligation to look out for the best interests  of the American people, for investors, for Main Street investors, then  the only choice before us is to vote ``no'' on this amendment, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to do so.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the  Gottheimer amendment. I would like to thank my friend, Representative  Gottheimer, for his amendment and for his longtime support for seniors  and their financial health.   This amendment rightfully highlights that the SEC should take into  account the unique circumstances that seniors face in making investment  decisions when they do their investor testing.   The financial health of seniors is critically important, and I am  delighted that this bill has the support of the AARP and the 38 million  seniors who they represent across our country. I stand with them in  making clear that effective disclosure testing is imperative for  facilitating informed decisionmaking for Americans trying to save and  invest their hard-earned money.    I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Gottheimer amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to  the Wagner amendment. The wealth that Americans hold in their  retirement accounts, in their 401(k)s, in their IRAs, all the places  that they hold their wealth, the fees they pay on that wealth, the  returns they earn on that wealth do not care when the law was written,  or the form was processed.   We know, we have evidence, that many of the existing disclosure  documents intended for retail investors are not well understood by  their target audience. So I would ask you: What is the cost to your  wealth of another percent a year in asset management fees? What is the  cost to you, to your wealth, of another percent a year compounding in  the growth of your wealth? Multiply that by all the Americans who make  their investments. Billions, trillions of dollars.   This amendment was offered as a way to protect people. It is  protecting people, but it isn't protecting investors. I strongly urge  my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney) to offer amendment  No. 4.    Mr. Chair, H.R. 1815 was drafted specifically  for SEC disclosures that are required to be delivered to or intended or  substantially likely to be materially relied on by retail investors,  but not by sophisticated institutional investors like mutual funds or  hedge funds.   Representative Sean Maloney's amendment clarifies that this bill is  intended to protect retail investors. That is a commonsense amendment,  which allows the bill to achieve our goal, which is to ensure that mom- and-pop investors are able to use the disclosures intended specifically  for them.   I thank Representative Maloney for this amendment, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes.''   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote  for the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that,  in the engrossment of H.R. 1815, the Clerk be authorized to correct  section numbers, punctuation, spelling, and cross-references, and to  make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to  reflect the actions of the House, including the changes now at the  desk.   