 Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present this  legislation, but I am more honored to acknowledge something that is  exceedingly important.   The chairwoman of the committee, the Honorable Maxine Waters, has,  under her leadership in this Congress, produced many pieces of  bipartisan legislation. This is but a continuation of her legislative  record. I want to commend her for her efforts, and I would also like to  salute Mr. McHenry and the persons who are across the aisle for their  efforts, as well, in producing bipartisan legislation.   I thank Mr. Barr for his assistance and his help. He is the Oversight  ranking member, and he and I will be working together on many pieces of  legislation.   I am honored today to say that this piece of legislation was born as  a result of honorable intentions metamorphosing into unintended  consequences, honorable intentions.   When we passed Dodd-Frank in 2010, we sought to add additional  protections for whistleblowers above and beyond what was accorded in  Sarbanes-Oxley. In so doing, with the best of intentions, we found that  this legislation was taken before the Supreme Court of the United  States of America, and the Supreme Court concluded--and I don't quarrel  with their conclusion, but the Supreme Court concluded that the  legislation would apply only if the person who was a whistleblower took  the concern to the SEC first.   I don't quarrel with what the Supreme Court ruled. This is why we  have this piece of legislation to correct the best of intentions that  metamorphosed into unintended consequences.   Let's talk for just a moment about whistleblowers.   It is exceedingly important to do this because I want people to know  that whistleblowers are extraordinary people in the sense only of they  do extraordinary things. They are really ordinary people, but they do  extraordinary things.   These are the people who are willing to put their livelihoods on the  line. These are the people who are willing to take that step that many  of us would not take because, when you take that step as a  whistleblower, you will sometimes stand alone. But they understand that  it is better to stand alone than never to stand at all, and in so  doing, they are protecting us: consumers, members of the public.   So I commend the whistleblowers of the world who take these  extraordinary steps.   But we also want to do more than commend them. We want to protect  them. This legislation will protect those who are willing to step  forward, those who will see something and say something, something that  we encourage people to do.   You can't encourage people to see something and say something and  then allow them to do this without the protections that we should  properly accord them and that we intended to accord them under Dodd- Frank. So I am honored today to have this piece of legislation that  will give whistleblowers the protection that we intended and will also  send a message that the companies that they work for can have the  [[Page H5278]]  opportunity to take corrective action before the SEC is informed.   Many of these companies want to do the right thing, and if given the  opportunity, they will--not all, many. I think we ought to give them an  opportunity to do the right thing; and to do so, we would want  whistleblowers to report internally before they take this to an  external source such as the SEC.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is bipartisan. I am honored to tell you  that, among the persons who are the cosponsors, we have the Honorable  Carolyn Maloney; the Honorable Representative Gerald Connolly; the  Honorable   Gregory Meeks; the Honorable Joyce Beatty, who is here in  this room with us currently; and the Honorable Vicente Gonzalez, all of  whom support it, along with the Honorable Emanuel Cleaver.   I would also add, it is endorsed by the National Whistleblower  Center, endorsed by the North American Securities Administrators  Association, endorsed by Public Citizen, endorsed by the Government  Accountability Project, endorsed by the Project On Government  Oversight, and endorsed by the Securities Industry and Financial  Markets Association.   It is another example of how, under the leadership of the Honorable  Maxine Waters, we continue to produce bipartisan legislation. I am  honored, Mr. Speaker, to have this honorable chairwoman presiding  today.   