 Mr. President, I want to thank my good friend Senator  Romney for taking this initiative and, basically, all of us working  together.   Let me say this. We were Governors together--the Governor from  Massachusetts and the Governor from West Virginia. The bottom line is,  we had the same balanced budget amendment we had to work with. We had  to work on a daily basis, a weekly basis--whatever it took--to balance  our States' budgets. We had to stay within our means. We couldn't spend  more than what we had coming in, and we couldn't put our people in  debt.   That was something I thought was pretty simple because it is the same  thing you do in your personal life, the same thing you do in your small  business or large corporation: You live within your means. If you are  going to grow, then you grow, basically, in a balanced way.   As Senator Romney has said, our debt is almost $23 trillion. You can  look back through history when we have hit these numbers, but then if  you look back, during the war, we weren't worried about balancing the  budget during the war. We were worrying about whether we would survive  as nation, and we did.   Coming out of that war, we had over 100 percent debt to GDP. We were  able to bring that back down and work in a prudent manner. Then it  ballooned up.   Let me tell you how I signed on to Bowles-Simpson. If you look at  recent history, the last time--and the only time for 40 years--we  balanced the budget was in 1997, up to 2001. That was with Erskine  Bowles and John Casey working together--a Democrat working for  President Bill Clinton and a Republican Congressman from Ohio. They sat  down and worked out a plan and a tax system that worked for America. It  worked so well that we were spinning out, basically, surpluses.   We were told that by 2006 we would be debt-free on the path we were  going. We had 9/11 come up. We had two wars we never paid for--the  first time. I tell people, if you are a Democrat and you want to blame  Republicans, go ahead. They are guilty. If you are a Republican and you  want to blame Democrats, go ahead. They are just as guilty. There is  basically blame for both sides. But sooner or later, you have to do  something.   When Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson came together, Democrats and  Republicans said: We have to get our financial house in order.   It made sense to me. I had just been elected. It was in early 2011. I  was elected in November 2010. I started looking, and it made sense. We  came so close that it would have been forced to a vote, as Senator  Romney has just explained the TRUST Act.   We think that someone has to have their eye on the ball here because  when these interest rates balloon--and they will--and when people lose  confidence and faith and will not put their money in and buy our paper,  basically, for the low return we are giving them--or no return at  times--and demand more, then we are going to have to outbid, and it is  going to cost a lot more to do business in our country.    Sooner or later, we are basically writing checks our kids can't cash.  That is about it in a nutshell. If we are responsible to leave our  children and the next generation in better shape than how we received  it, we have done a very poor job. We truly have.   Again, I thank the good Senator from Utah for basically bringing this  fiscal plan we have worked together on and looking at where we are. The  roadmap is pretty clear. If you haven't learned from history, you will  make history. And it is not going to be a good kind of history you are  going to make.   Let me tell you who these recessions hit the most. In my State, I  have a very hard-working State, a very rural State, and a State that is  not of the highest per capita income in the country by any means. With  that, they are the first ones who get hurt. If we don't really care  about Social Security, if we don't care about the highway trust fund,  infrastructure, if we don't care about Medicare--this is a life- sustaining influx of money they have because very few people who work  from paycheck to paycheck are able to put money aside so that they  don't need Social Security and they can pay their own medical bills.   I have seen the effect of this. I can tell you, it is not pleasant. I  have people on my side of the aisle who talk about Medicare for All.  That is aspirational. We can't even pay for Medicare for Some--the  ``some'' who have already earned it and paid into it.   By 2026, we are going to be in default. We are going to be out of  funds. By 2032, Social Security could be out of funds. These are things  that are fixable now. They will not be fixable in 2026 for Medicare. It  will be too late. For Social Security, in 2030, 2032, it will be too  late, and that is just around the corner. For the highway trust fund,  look at the infrastructure. Everyone who has run for President within  the last decade or so basically has talked about a big infrastructure  package. It will be the first thing they have done. They get elected,  and guess what happens. Nothing. We don't see an infrastructure  package.   It is the most politically right thing you can do. A pothole doesn't  have an R's or a D's name on it. It is not partisan. It will bust your  tire, and it will break your rim. It doesn't care who you are.   These are things we can fix, and they are things we can do to gain  the trust of the public. Yet we fail to do them. We continue to divide  this country and push us apart. This TRUST Act is what will bring us  back together. It will put our priorities where they should be.   All of us have run for public office. We have put our names out  there. We can go out there and explain: We are protecting your Social  Security.   If you want to protect Social Security, then do something. The TRUST  Act does that.   We are going to take care of your Medicare. Do you want to take care  of Medicare? Support the TRUST Act. It will do that.   These are things we can do, and we can do them now. We shouldn't  wait. We should bring this back to the floor, and you should go on  record to vote. Are you really going to support Social Security? Are  you really going to support Medicare? Then vote.   If you don't have the guts to vote, that means you don't support  Social Security, and you don't support Medicare, and quit being a  hypocrite going out there campaigning and saying you do. That is really  what it comes down to.   We are just trying to fix something in an orderly fashion, where  everybody has it--bipartisan, bicameral. If we can't do this  bipartisan, bicameral, we can't do anything in a bipartisan, bicameral  way. This is where we are today.   I thank my dear friend. I really do. I thank my friend Senator Romney  for saying: Let's do this, Joe.   I said: Absolutely, Mitt, I am onboard. Count me in.   We have other Senators. Not surprisingly, we have former Governors.  This is how we had to operate. These were our day-to-day operations.  During the crisis of 2007, 2008, I used to meet once a week in West  Virginia with my finance people. They would give me the projections,  and we had to make adjustments. In 2007 and 2008, with the recession  coming on as hard it was, we were meeting twice a day, trying to stay  ahead of it and figure out how we could keep from getting in the hole.  But we made it. I have never seen that type of attention here. I have  not seen one Presidential candidate--right now with all of them out  there--talking about the finances of our country, talking about what  the children of the next generation will inherit, how they are going to  be able to manage, how their mothers and their fathers and all of them  are going to have Social Security secured and Medicare taken care of. I  haven't heard that at all. Maybe we can get the dialogue started now.  [[Page S6287]]    With that, I yield floor.   