 Mr. Speaker, tonight, I rise to remember and pay tribute  to the late Senator Fritz Hollings, who was a true statesman through  and through.   As Governor Henry McMaster said on Saturday, learning of Senator  Hollings' passing: ``One of South Carolina's greatest lions roars no  more.'' Those are powerful words to describe Senator Hollings.   His life was dedicated to the service of South Carolina and the  United States, and the positive impact he made on our communities will  be felt for years to come.   I heard fine words from Mr. Clyburn earlier; he talked about his  career. But Senator Hollings' career spanned for many decades,  beginning with his graduation from The Citadel to his service as an  artillery officer fighting for freedom during World War II. Like many  in the Greatest Generation, he put his life on the line for our country  at a very young age.   He then moved into service on behalf of the constituents of South  Carolina  [[Page H3123]]  in a variety of roles, including Lieutenant Governor, Governor, and,  most notably, here in the Halls of Congress, where he spent decades--36  years, I think--serving as a United States Senator.   He became well known as a national figure, a trailblazer, a respected  fighter and champion for the American people in so many areas,  including commerce and defense.   I met him in 1987 when I was working for Senator Strom Thurmond.   He will go down as one of the most effective Senators on record, and  it is safe to say, there will be no one else like Senator Hollings.   Beyond his work ethic and advocacy for South Carolina, he was known  as a genuine person, respected by folks from all walks of life, from  every political party and from all 50 States.   His decades of work left South Carolina and our Nation better off;  for that, there is no doubt. He was the true embodiment of selflessness  and public service. His legacy will be felt for generations to come.    My prayers and condolences are with his loved ones, as well as  appreciation for all he did for the lives of all of us.   God bless his family as they mourn the loss of a true giant, selfless  public servant, and, definitely, a dedicated leader.   