 Madam President, many Americans might be surprised, shocked,  and troubled to learn that some of their tax dollars are going directly  to Chinese companies and that some of those dollars even go to  corporations owned by the Chinese Government, like Chinese banks,  Chinese development agencies, and Chinese microprocessor factories. In  recent years, in fact, China received $50 million in loans and  guarantees, all backed by American citizens.   Taxpayers would be right to be puzzled and concerned about why their  hard-earned money is subsidizing Chinese state-owned companies. To be  clear, we are not talking about voluntary investment from American  businesses; we are taking about the backing of the U.S. Government.  They might ask: How is this the case? Why on Earth would we do this?  Why is this happening? The answer has to do with the very institution  to which we are going to be trying to confirm nominees today.   The Export-Import Bank--or Ex-Im, as it is often described--was  created during the height of the Great Depression to help U.S.  exporters when they were desperate for customers and foreign markets  lacked the capital to finance trade. It was conceived particularly to  help small businesses to be able to compete, as many of its current  proponents still claim, still insist, to this very day.   But for decades, the institution that is the Export-Import Bank has  unfortunately been used as a giant tool for corporate welfare. Ex-Im  has operated to benefit the wealthiest and the most politically  connected businesses in America, as well as their overseas clients and,  believe it or not, foreign governments. Take Boeing, for instance.  Look, it is no coincidence that Ex-Im has been nicknamed ``Boeing's  bank.'' When Ex-Im financing was at its peak, Boeing received 70  percent of all Export-Import Bank loan guarantees and 40 percent of all  Ex-Im dollars.   Which other large corporations have benefited? Well, they include  General Electric, John Deere, Caterpillar, and other industrial  giants--hardly businesses that are unable to get financing elsewhere;  hardly businesses that fit within the category of what the biggest  proponents of Ex-Im claim need Ex-Im to exist in the first place.   In fact, while Ex-Im claims that 90 percent of the businesses to  which it provides support are ``small businesses,'' when you dive into  those numbers, the numbers tell a somewhat different story. They show  that small businesses received only about 25 percent of Ex-Im dollars.  That doesn't even touch the fact that in 2014 Caterpillar and Boeing  were the first and fourth largest recipients of so-called small  business funds from Ex-Im. So if Boeing and Caterpillar--great U.S.  companies that employ tens of thousands of hard-working Americans and  make good products used by people all over the world--if they can be  considered small businesses, it makes you question the vernacular used  by Export-Import Bank proponents.   Looking at the Bank's track record as a whole, only one-half of 1  percent of all small businesses in America actually benefit from  Export-Import financing--a very small tip of a very large iceberg; a  very small portion of all business enterprises in the United States. It  makes one question, why, then, do we have one entity that is set up to  provide such a large benefit to so few businesses?  [[Page S2661]]    It is a similar story on the foreign side. Abroad, Ex-Im has largely  benefited big companies that already collect massive subsidies as  state-controlled entities and entities that can easily get private  financing elsewhere.   The No. 1 buyer of exports subsidized by Ex-Im between 2007 and 2013  was Pemex. For those not familiar with Pemex, it is the notoriously  corrupt petroleum company owned by the Mexican Government. Pemex, which  has a market cap of $416 billion, received more than $7 billion in  loans backed by U.S. taxpayers. Why?   During the same period, Ex-Im backed $3.4 billion in financing to  Emirates Airlines--a company wholly owned by the Government of Dubai-- for Emirates' purchase of Boeing planes.   Indeed, a large share of Ex-Im financing has historically gone to  foreign airlines and to foreign energy companies--businesses that are,  in fact, competing with American companies.   Now, not that there is anything wrong with competition. It is great.  Competition ought to exist. Competition improves quality, and it brings  down prices. But why is it that we, as the U.S. Government, are in many  instances financing the competitors of U.S. businesses--competitors  that in many instances are owned by foreign governments? Moreover, we  have been sending money to countries that in many cases have what we  would describe as dubious records on human rights and high levels of  corruption.   In the last 5 years, Saudi Arabia and Mexico were the top foreign  recipients of Export-Import Bank aid, and in the past, when Ex-Im had  the authority to grant larger subsidies, the top foreign recipient was  typically China. In 2014, China received $2.2 billion in U.S. taxpayer- backed loans and guarantees with most of it going to businesses owned  by the Chinese Government. If it weren't so sad, this would be funny.  If it weren't so strange, it would be interesting. To top it all off,  Ex-Im has had poor accounting and has had rather significant problems  with transparency.   In 2013, Ex-Im was either unable or unwilling to provide any  justification whatsoever for half of the financing deals in its  portfolio. Here again, this is stunning. I find it troubling that we  are seriously considering these nominees without first addressing why  we have the Export-Import Bank in the first place and why there haven't  been more reforms required before we confirm additional nominees to its  governing body. There have already been 30 corruption and fraud  investigations into Ex-Im's activity.   Now, thankfully, Congress put a check on some of Export-Import Bank's  power back in 2015 when we allowed the Board's quorum to expire, and  thus, we capped its ability to make deals larger than $10 million.   In the past few years, 66 percent of Ex-Im's loans have actually gone  to small businesses instead of the Boeings and Caterpillars, compared  to the 25 percent that went to them before. It turns out that the big  businesses have been doing just fine, even since those limitations  kicked in a few years ago. In fact, some of them--many of them--are  doing even better than before. Last year was Boeing's best year yet,  with exports making a particularly strong showing. As Boeing itself  admitted, it had ``robust'' private sector financing. According to  reports in 2017, there were unprecedented levels of competition among  lenders and insurers to finance aircraft exports.   It turns out that when the government leaves a profitable line of  business, private business enterprises do in fact compete in the  marketplace to take its place, and, as it turns out, private businesses  make better business decisions than governments. That is the lesson we  need to take from this. The sky did not fall when these limitations  kicked in a few years ago, and they would not fall if we continued  additional reforms, or even, I would dare say, if we phased out the  Export-Import Bank altogether.   Furthermore, with the decrease in Ex-Im's subsidies, U.S. exports  have actually risen slightly. Between 2014 and 2018, exports rose from  $1.7 trillion to $1.8 trillion.   Yet today the swamp strikes back. The prospect of confirming three  nominees to the Ex-Im Bank, thanks to the nuking of the Senate rules a  few weeks back, suggests Boeing's bank will in fact rise from the grave  to resume its long history of fraud, corruption, abusive power, and  government manipulation of the marketplace.   We do not need to further empower the rich and politically connected  companies that are already flourishing. That only undermines trust in  our government, which is supposed to protect taxpayers from corruption  and from waste, and it unilaterally prevents us from having a more  thriving, more competitive economy--one that would actually produce  more jobs in America and one that would actually produce things in such  a way that would benefit more consumers in America. We do not need to  use this outdated, broken, corrupt Bank as a tool for countering  foreign interests. We certainly don't need it as a tool for subsidizing  foreign interests. The way to confront China's and other countries'  expansionism is certainly not to subsidize their state-owned companies.   No, we don't need Boeing's bank, and neither do we need Beijing's  bank. Cronyism and policy privilege threaten exactly, precisely the  principles upon which our Nation was founded and the principles that  have fostered the development of the greatest civilization and of the  strongest economy the world has ever known. They subvert the rule of  law by codifying inequality and rob ordinary Americans--the moms and  pops and small business owners--from having a level playing field in  what is supposed to be the land of opportunity. People's access to  opportunity shouldn't depend on their access to government. It  shouldn't depend on their ability to employ an army of lobbyists and  government consultants. No, it should depend on their ability to  innovate.   We are great as a country and we are strong as an economy not because  of who we are but because of what we do. We have succeeded precisely  because we have chosen free markets over central planning. We have  chosen the rights of the individual in a free, open, robust marketplace  rather than having business decisions made by a government bureaucrat  in Washington, DC.   The fact that this might have made sense to those sitting in this  Chamber and the House of Representatives some eight or nine decades ago  doesn't mean that it has to make sense now. It doesn't mean that we are  stuck perpetually in this same path. It certainly shouldn't mean that  the American people should be required to work days, weeks, and months  out of every year to fund the Federal Government that includes this  program, the Export-Import Bank, which ends up giving a whole lot of  that money to big businesses in America and to state-owned businesses  abroad to participate in what is supposed to be a free-market economy  and, thereby, dilutes the power of that economy.   If we are to move toward restoring fairness to our economy and our  government, it would be in our best interest to get rid of this  cronyist Bank altogether. At the very least, we ought not to empower it  to its full capacity for abuse by confirming these nominees today. I  will vote against them.   I yield the floor.   