 Mr. President, atmospheric carbon dioxide just hit  new records in our atmosphere, the highest in the history of humankind,  and I rise for the 260th time to call this Chamber to wake up.   As we venture further into uncharted dangerous climate change, the  National Council for Science and the Environment issued this report,  ``Climate Science Research in the United States and U.S. Territories.''  This report surveys climate research papers from public universities  across all of our 50 States--every single one of them--to highlight the  breadth and the depth of climate science coming out of our State  universities and to showcase the climate science centers and institutes  that they host.   Some colleagues pay no attention to the threat of climate change, but  their home State universities sure do. Ten thousand peer-reviewed  research papers published out of 80 universities from 2014 through  2018, that is, on average, 185 peer-reviewed articles published on  climate change in each State.   The report says this: ``In every State, public universities invest in  scholarship and education to advance fields such as climate modeling,  climate impacts, adaptation, and more. Increasingly, they go on,  climate science has been integrated into course work on sustainability,  energy, engineering, architecture, business, and even political  science.'' One wonders what is the hold the fossil fuel industry has  over the Republican Party that causes colleagues to ignore the research  from their own home state universities?   The report continues: ``Climate scientists are studying a wide  diversity of topics. They measure carbon dioxide and other greenhouse  gas emissions. They are studying carbon and the impacts of a changing  carbon cycle. They are studying impacts of climate change on the  Nation's food security, crop yields, heat-stress, health impacts, soil  erosion; on water resources, including water quality, balance, river  basins, drought, precipitation, mountain snowpack; on impacts to  critical infrastructure, such as sea level rise on coasts and on  subtropical islands, to the impact of permafrost thaw on sub-Arctic  rivers.''   ``Finally, researchers are also studying the social science of  climate change, including changing attitudes, polarization, opinions,  beliefs, and their impacts on framing in the media and on decision- making.''   Region by region in every State, the report shows our State  universities tracking climate change's consequences in fine detail.  Quoting from the report, in the Midwest, ``Agriculture is a major focal  area for climate-related research . . . [with] more occurrences of the  word `agriculture' in climate-related papers from the Midwest between  the 2014 and 2018 than in any other region.''   In the Southwest, ``A key focus of scientific research in the  Southwest region is on the impact to people and ecosystems from heat,  drought, wildfires, and flooding.''   In the Southeast, ``The impacts of climate change in the Southeast  are becoming most visible through the increase of flooding, temporal  and geographic shifts that affect human health, and growing risks of  wildfires.''   In the Southern Great Plains States, ``Scientists in the Southern  Great Plains are studying climate impact on food systems, sea level  rise, as well as impacts to unique ecosystems in this region, such as a  tall grass prairie in Oklahoma.''   Across all of these regions, red and purple State universities are  churning out climate research. In fact, conservative States'  universities are home to some of the most prolific climate science  departments and institutions. I wish they were listened to by our  Members here.   Texas A&M University, the alma mater of climate-change-denying former  Energy Secretary Rick Perry, produced 256 papers--256 papers--covering  topics like shifting summer monsoons in the Lone Star State, local  surface temperature increases, atmospheric changes, and climate  adaptation strategies.   North Carolina State University produced 223 climate papers examining  climate change and atmospheric chemistry, surface ozone, regional water  research and precipitation, and it is home to the Southeast Climate  Adaptation Science Center, which helps coastal North Carolina grapple  with rising sea levels, erosion, and flooding.   Go to Idaho. Researchers from Boise State and the University of Idaho  issued 164 climate science papers covering threats like wildfires, bark  beetles, shifting precipitation, rising temperatures, and disruption to  ecosystems in National Parks like Yellowstone. Idaho also has two  academic centers focused on climate change, the Hazard and Climate  Resiliency Consortium and the Center for Resilient Communities. For the  staff at these two centers, it is all climate, all the time. For the  Idaho delegation, it is never climate, ever.   Let's look at what is happening in the home State universities of  Republican Senators on our Environment and Public Works Committee. Here  is what they will find in their university backyards. The University of  Wyoming produced 124 climate change papers on wildfires, endangered  species, Yellowstone National Park, and other climate topics--124. The  university is home to both the State climatology office and an  atmospheric science department, which does modeling and empirical  climate research. Its faculty are working on subjects like--quoting  here the report here--``the role of climate and variability on  vegetation and fire. Using moderate climate analogs to understand past  environmental disturbances. Developing Web-based animated maps of  climate, and development of 3D climate visualization tools to enhance  learning approaches in the classroom.'' I wonder if our Wyoming  delegation has visualized that.   The University of Oklahoma and Oklahoma State University published  183 climate change papers on things like Southern Plains grasslands,  rising temperatures, soil respiration, and much more. OU is home to the  Oklahoma University Climate Science Center and the Department of the  Interior's South Central Adaptation Science Center.    Here is what the dean of the University of Oklahoma College of  Atmospheric and Geographic Sciences said: ``On the increasing strength  of Earth sciences we can now state that global warming is  `unequivocal.''' He said: ``The fact that the planet's warming, and the  fact that CO2's a greenhouse gas, and the fact that it's  increasing in the atmosphere, and that it increases in the atmosphere  due to humans--about those things, there's no debate.''   I am not sure the Oklahoma delegation here has taken that in yet.   West Virginia and Marshall Universities have turned out dozens of  climate change papers on precipitation, drought, tree growth, and much  more. The West Virginia Mountaineers have a Mountain Hydrology  Laboratory, which reports on climate change's ``important implications  for management of fresh water resources,'' which include that ``the  highlands region in the central Appalachian Mountains is expected to  wet up'' as warmer air carrying more moisture leads to what they call  ``intensification of the water cycle''--what you and I would call worse  flooding. The laboratory warns that ``the implications of this  intensification are immense.''  [[Page S6850]]    The University of Arkansas contributed 51 papers and hosts the  University of Arkansas Resiliency Center. Arkansas researchers warned  of the need to reduce greenhouse gases, particularly including carbon  dioxide and methane because these gases' ``absorption of solar  radiation is responsible for the greenhouse effect.'' The university  describes the greenhouse effect thus: ``These gases are trapped and  held in the Earth's atmosphere, gradually increasing the temperature of  the Earth's surface and air in the lower atmosphere.''   A University of Arkansas scientist predicts ``that the spread of  plant species in nearly half of the world's land areas could be  affected by global warming by the end of the century.'' Yet what do we  hear from Arkansas about climate change?   Alaska actually gets its own regional chapter in this report. In  Alaska, ``Researchers at public institutions . . . are studying changes  in the marine environment and the impacts to the valuable marine  resources Alaskan communities depend on.''   There are papers on thawing permafrost and its effects on water  quality, infrastructure, and habitat for fish and wildlife. There is  research on what rapid ocean acidification, rising sea levels, and  shifting fish stocks mean for Alaska's coastal communities. And there  is research into challenges facing Alaska's indigenous people fighting  to protect their ancient way of life in a rapidly changing landscape.   Alaska is home to not one, not two, but three climate institutes: the  Alaska Climate Research Center, the Alaska Climate Adaptation/Resource  Center, and the Ocean Acidification Research Center. Alaskan  researchers have written papers titled ``Permafrost is warming at a  global scale'' and ``Climate Change and Future Wildfire in the Western  United States.'' The Alaska researchers don't mince words. I quote:  ``Projections of warming suggest that considerable change will occur to  key snow parameters, possibly contributing to extensive infrastructure  damage from thawing permafrost, an increased frequency of rain-on-snow  events and reduced soil recharge in the spring due to shallow end-of- winter snowpack.'' It is not hard to understand, but where is the  action?   In the Dakotas, North Dakota State and the University of North Dakota  are studying the effects of climate change on the Great Plains, the  Mississippi River, land use and adaptation, and public policy. They are  also home to North Dakota Agricultural Experiment Center, the Global  Institute of Food Security and International Agriculture, and the  Center for Regional Climate Studies. South Dakota State has issued  dozens of studies on climate change, including what it will mean for  the State's groundwater supply, maize and wheat crops, and  precipitation levels.   Heading south, the University of Mississippi and Mississippi State  are studying what climate change will mean for sediment flows,  droughts, watersheds, and water quality. They are looking at what  climate change will mean for Mississippi's vitally important rice  crop--a crop that supports hundreds of rice farms in the State. And  they do good coastal climate work with the Sea Grant Program.   Auburn, the University of Alabama-Tuscaloosa, and the University of  Alabama-Huntsville produced 140 climate papers that are in the  council's study here. You would never know that from the Alabama  delegation. Auburn has an International Center for Climate and Global  Change Research, and the University of Alabama does climate change  research at its Earth System Science Center.   All by itself, Iowa State is responsible for 117 papers on climate  change: on agriculture--corn, grazing lands, yields; on weather-- precipitation, droughts, temperature; and even on beliefs and behavior  related to climate change.   Last but certainly not least among EPW Republican States is Indiana,  home to two world-class universities that are doing extremely  impressive work on climate change. Indiana University and Purdue  combine for 289 papers. They are also home to the Center for the Study  of Global Change at Indiana University and Purdue's Climate Change  Research Center.   I hope it goes without saying that universities that study climate  change and publish scientific papers on climate change also teach  climate change in their coursework. Maybe we should spend a week here  in the Senate getting a refresher on the home State climate change  science. It might do us some good. But we don't. We waste week after  week here as the danger looms, the warnings pile up, and the research  keeps coming about climate change in our home States. We will be the  most clearly warned body in history of disaster ahead. Yet we still sit  here doing nothing. Never has a political body been more clearly warned  of a more present looming disaster than this one--yet still nothing.   The council's report on State university climate research has these  web diagrams, which show how climate change research focuses more on  climate effects as they begin to manifest themselves in the States and  not just predictions and science any longer. Now it is measurement of  actual events. But the diagrams also show the various areas of research  about which these research papers are being published.   Here is the web diagram for the topics that are addressed in climate  science research in the southwestern universities. The 12 universities  in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, and Utah in the  study show real-time effects of climate change, like drought and  wildfire, and point to direct links between tree mortality, drought,  and climate. We in this country depend on the Southwest for more than  half of our specialty crops--vegetables, fruits, and nuts--so we have  to pay attention when drought threatens all of those.   Here is another topic web for the Southeast highlighting what the  universities' research has been on sea level rise, ocean acidification,  adaptation, and management.   Here is a slightly different web. This web is not a web of science  and inquiry. No, this is the web of front groups and dark money  organizations that the fossil fuel industry has supported, created, and  used for decades to sow false doubt about all of this science--all of  this science from all of our 50 States. Their job is to lie about this  science, and they have done it well. They have used this same web to  deploy political muscle and propaganda to block action here in  Congress. That is why, with all of this research being done in all of  these States, nothing is happening on this floor. Nothing has happened  since Citizens United gave the fossil fuel industry the equivalent of  howitzers, whereas before then, they just had muskets.   I say to the Presiding Officer, I remember how bipartisan it was  here. You weren't here then. Between 2007, when I was sworn in--all of  2007, 2008, and 2009, we had five different bipartisan climate bills  popping up around on the Senate floor. There were five of them, all  strong, serious bills--not little nibbly things to make people feel  better; real bills.   In January 2010 comes Citizens United, and the fossil fuel industry  gets its brandnew hardware, its political howitzers, and they go  straight to the other side of the aisle and say: Anybody who crosses us  is dead. Bipartisanship died that year on climate change, and it is  only beginning--only beginning--to resurge now. But the decade we lost  will cost us a lot, and it makes the urgency of what we have to do now  all the more important. This web of denial, paid for by the fossil fuel  industry, has stymied Congress for a decade.   I hope I don't need to remind anyone here that the fossil fuel  industry has a conflict of interest as to this question. Indeed, the  International Monetary Fund has quantified it as a $650 billion-a-year  conflict of interest. For $650 billion in conflict of interest, you can  pay for a lot of nonsense organizations that are phony front groups to  put out your poison and your political propaganda and your political  pressure.   It is time, at last, for Senators to pay attention to the trusted  science actually happening in their own home State universities and not  to this corrupt web of denial that has been propped up by the  conflicted fossil fuel industry. This web of denial has done nothing  but lied over and over again. They are provably wrong over and over  again. The things they say are false over and over again. Yet the  industry behind them still controls the U.S.  [[Page S6851]]  Senate, and we can't budge, despite the rest of the world moving on  dealing with this issue.   Let me close with an anniversary that we marked this week. Ten years  ago this Friday, a full-page ad ran in the New York Times--a full-page  ad pointing out that the science of climate change was already by  then--10 years ago--to use the words in the advertisement,  ``irrefutable,'' ``scientifically irrefutable.'' The science is  scientifically irrefutable. And it goes on to say that the consequences  of climate change would be ``catastrophic and irreversible.'' Wow. The  science is irrefutable; the consequences, catastrophic and  irreversible? Who could have signed this ad? I will tell you who signed  this ad. Donald J. Trump and his children, Donald Trump, Jr., Eric  Trump, Ivanka Trump--oh, and the Trump Organization, right there. This  is what the Trumps had to say about this 10 years ago, Friday.    I conclude by saying to my colleagues, the science is there for you  to see. You don't have to go far. Just go to your home State  university. It is right there waiting for you. For the truth of climate  change, just turn to the researchers teaching your students in your  State's own universities. They can tell you, just as Donald Trump and  his family did 10 years ago, that what we face is irrefutable and that  its consequences will be catastrophic and irreversible if we keep  monkeying around and failing to act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   