 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for setting this  up and for having me speak here today.   I rise today to address the urgent issue of border security. There  are two elements to the border debate. One is political, and one is  policy.   The political element consists of the circumstances regarding the  shutdown, the negotiations or lack thereof, and the points of  compromise from either side.   The policy side is simply the question of whether or not we need a  wall as part of comprehensive border security.   Let me begin with the political gamesmanship.   Democratic leadership has been running a victory lap this week  because they ``won'' the shutdown. I keep wondering, what exactly did  they win?   If you think winning means a porous border with 400,000 people  apprehended every year, then your definition of winning is different  than mine. If you think winning means standing strong against any sort  of negotiation or compromise that would have allowed Federal workers  finally to be paid, then your definition of winning is different than  mine.   The President didn't cave to Democrats. The President gave compassion  to Federal workers who needed it. If that is your idea of losing, then  you and I have different definitions of what it means to lose.   The truth is that the President has compromised time after time  because, for us, this is not about who wins or loses the political  game; it is about securing the border.   First, the President agreed that a 2,000-mile, sea-to-shining-sea  wall  [[Page H1276]]  would be a logistical difficulty, so he agreed to 234 miles of fencing,  a mere tenth of his original campaign promise.    Then the President agreed to $5.7 billion in border wall funding  instead of the originally requested $25 billion, a fifth of the  original request.   Democrats then said that they could discuss border security only if  the government was open, so the President opened the government.   At every turn, the President has reached out and compromised in order  to get a deal done. And at every turn, Democrats scoffed at compromise.   This brings us to the second element of this great debate, the policy  element. Democrats have laughed at a wall. They call it medieval and  ineffective, and they dismiss it without any rationale or reasoning.   The reality is that walls do work, as every rational security expert  acknowledges. Border agents overwhelmingly attest to this. After all,  the President's plan came from the experts at the Department of  Homeland Security.   An integral part of this multifaceted plan is a 234-mile border wall.  Everywhere we put walls, illegal crossings drop. Look at San Diego, El  Centro, Tucson, and El Paso. The drop in illegal immigration and  apprehensions after constructing a wall is enormous and immediate, yet  Democrats pretend these facts don't exist.   They point to common myths about how walls function. They like to  claim people will just climb over or tunnel under them. Oh, yeah? Just  like that?   Well, I am a Navy SEAL, and I know better than most what it takes to  infiltrate hardened areas. I would much rather be infiltrating a place  with no barriers than one with a giant, 20-plus-foot wall. The planning  considerations, training, and equipment necessary are considerable.  And, yes, it takes a lot more than a tall ladder, especially when  discussing huge groups of migrants like the ones we are seeing.   The obvious truth is that walls make a difference and clearly  mitigate movement, and we actually all used to agree on this.   Democrats claim they are for security but would prefer a virtual wall  with sensors, drones, cameras, et cetera. That is fine, and that is  exactly why that technology is included in our plan, but to say we need  only that technology is effectively asking our Border Patrol to chase  migrants endlessly across large swaths of territory.   It is one thing for a sensor to go off when we see a group of  migrants go by. But guess what? When we see that go off, they keep  going unimpeded. Asking our border agents to simply chase them down  when there are literally hundreds crossing each day is complete  insanity.   This dishonest, so-called debate must end. We must start having  serious discussions and secure our border because that is what the  American people want. That is what it means to be with the people.   