 Mr. President, on Monday I spoke at the annual meeting of  the Missouri Farm Bureau, and, in our State, as in, frankly, almost  every other State, the No. 1 economic activity in terms of value  produced is agriculture.   Where we live in the middle of the country, we do better in an  economy that focuses on growing things and making things than we do on  an economy that focuses more on giving advice--not that we don't want  to give a lot of advice, but the truth is we don't want to get a lot of  advice, either.   So there is nothing wrong with a service-based economy, and there is  nothing wrong with an important service sector in our economy, but  America, in so many ways, was built on a productive economy, on an  economy that produced something and something tangible. I think we have  a chance to see those things happen again.   Where we are located, almost exactly in the middle of the country,  the Mississippi River Valley is the biggest piece of contiguous  agricultural land in the world. Compared to the near competitors in  size, it is the only one of them that has its own built-in, natural  transportation center.   In fact, there are more miles of navigable river in the Mississippi  River Valley than in the rest of the world put together. I didn't say  more river than the rest of the world put together because that  wouldn't be true, but more miles of river that you can actually  navigate--river you can use as an avenue of transportation and commerce  than everywhere else in the world put together.   For an economy that is trying to reach out to the world or trying to  efficiently compete, that is a big advantage.   So at the Farm Bureau meeting, at least three of the things the  people I talked to were most interested in were regulation,  transportation, and trade.   When it comes to regulation, Missouri farm families understand that  many of the best things that have happened to them in the past 3 years  have been the things that didn't happen. There was a terrible  regulation proposed--waters of the U.S.--in which the EPA was trying to  decide that their authority over navigable water would be authority  over all the water. Suddenly, navigable water had become, under the  Obama EPA, any water that could run into any water that could run into  any water that could run into any water that eventually would run into  navigable water. If that is how we want to define it, the Congress  should decide that, not the EPA.   I stood on this floor many times during that terrifying time when the  EPA was about to take over anything that related to water, from the new  sidewalk in front of your house to whether you pave your driveway to  whether you could set a utility pole without EPA approval.   With the Farm Bureau map of Missouri, I think 99.7 percent of our  State would have met the new EPA definition of the water the EPA would  regulate. The other 0.3 percent, I think, were sinkholes that went  directly back into the middle of the Earth. So virtually 100 percent of  all Missourians would have been affected by that.   It would have slowed the economy in an incredible way because the EPA  could never have exercised effectively the jurisdiction they were  asking for. The good news is, it didn't happen.   The Trump administration moved forward with a Clean Water Act that  made more sense. They listened to rural America. They listened to the  people who build houses, to the people who provide power, and to the  people who provide jobs, and they said: We are not going to go in that  direction.   Then there was the Obama Clean Power Plan, which sounds like a good  thing. Clean power--I am not opposed to that, and I don't know anybody  who is. We want power to be as clean as you can reasonably expect it to  be. But the Obama Clean Power Plan was so aggressive in its approach  that where I live, the average utility bill at home and at work would  have doubled in about 10 years.   Well, lots of things work at today's utility rate--or some gradual  increase of today's utility rate--that just frankly wouldn't work if  the utility bill doubled.   That didn't happen either. In fact, we reversed course, and there is  now an affordable clean energy rule making its way into law and  regulation that really understands that.   Again, if you at home write your utility check and then write it out  of your checkbook again, a lot of things that you would do at your  house you wouldn't be able to do if you had to pay your utility bill  twice. Frankly, the job you may have may not be there if you had to pay  your utility bill twice.   Also, when thinking about making something in America today--and I  think there is a lot of interest in bringing manufacturing that has  gone overseas back to this country for lots of reasons, but when you  think about making something in America today, the first question you  would ask yourself would be this: Can we do what we want to do and pay  the utility bill? The second question would be this: Does the  transportation work for what we want to do? If the answer to either of  those questions is no, then there is no reason to ask a third question.  There is no reason to talk about workforce. There is no reason to talk  about tax structure in the place you are thinking about locating. There  is no reason to ask any other question if you can't do what you want to  do, pay the utility bill, and still have some profit.   There is no reason to talk about--if you can't do what you want to  do--having a transportation system that allows you to do what you want  to do. Those things are critically important, and they were critically  important at the Farm Bureau meeting. They certainly understood it  takes good highways, good State roads, and it takes a strong  understanding of connecting highways, roads, railroads, and water  together that will allow you to compete.   The last continuing resolution on this issue that we passed just a  few weeks ago actually funded the fifth year of the highway bill that  was passed 4 years ago. It provided for 5 years of authority but only 4  years of money.   That $7.6 billion allows the transportation systems in our States and  many things in our communities to happen. It allows county bridges to  be built.  [[Page S6975]]  Missouri would lose $350 million in Federal highway funds if we hadn't  figured out how to fund that fifth year, which we did figure out just a  few days ago. Knowing that is going to happen allows people to begin to  look forward to other things.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Leighton  Grant, who is the military fellow in our office and has been this last  year, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the Congress.   