 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk, No. 6, made in order under the rule.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of the underlying bill and my  amendment, which would include a candidate's immediate family members  to those whose direct or indirect contacts or communications with a  foreign national may amount to a reportable foreign contact.   I also think it is very fitting that we are doing this legislation in  the same week that we will honor Oversight and Reform Committee  Chairman, Elijah Cummings, someone who I have had the privilege of not  only working with but being represented by when I was a law student in  Baltimore.   But Elijah, the gentleman from Maryland, and I worked to write the  Protecting Our Democracy Act immediately after the Russian interference  campaign.   Every member of the Democrat Caucus and members from the Republican  Caucus signed on to that. I still believe that is the best way to  address what the Russians did in 2016 and to harden our systems so they  don't do it again.   But I believe that this effort, the SHIELD Act, led by Chairwoman Zoe  Lofgren will go a very, very long way in protecting our elections, and  I thank the chairwoman for her leadership in this effort.   American elections should be decided by Americans. Ms. Lofgren's bill  will go a long way to stopping secret foreign attempts to influence our  democracy, as we saw in 2016.   We know that as a part of Russia's attack on us, it purchased social  media advertisements.   Madam Chair, 3,500 advertisements on political or public policy  topics were purchased using rubles. To combat this conduct, I had  introduced in May, H.R. 2853, the Corporate Duty to Report Act. Part of  my bill would require companies distributing political communications,  including social media companies, to take the small but important step  in at least asking if the purchaser is a foreign national. I thank  Chairwoman Lofgren for including this concept in the SHIELD Act.   We also learned in June 2016 that Donald Trump, Jr., was told over  email that the Russian Government was offering ``official documents and  information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with  Russia,'' which was, ``part of Russia and its government support for  Mr. Trump.''   Don Jr., replied in part, ``If it's what you say, I love it,  especially later in the summer.'' Then he accepted the offer of  assistance. He told a lot of people about the offer, including his  brother-in-law and the chairman of the campaign, he had a meeting  around the offer, but he never told law enforcement.   This is the part of the honor code that most candidates in America  follow. It is just the right thing to do. Unfortunately, Donald Trump,  Jr.'s conduct highlights that we have to take parts of the honor code  that good people usually just follow and codify them into law.   I wrote the Duty to Report Act last Congress with Senator Richard  Blumenthal, who sponsored it in the Senate, that also would include  immediate family members, not just the candidate to tell law  enforcement, but the parent, parent-in-law, spouse, adult child, or  sibling.   I am afraid that someone like Don Jr., who didn't have an official  role in the Trump campaign, would not be included in the SHIELD Act as  written, and that is the reason I am offering this amendment.   Madam Chair, I ask for support on my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   I appreciate the gentleman's concerns and I accept that the gentleman  would report, if he was contacted by a foreign national. And I want to  clarify, in the legislation under section (c)(1), the term is covered,  ``foreign national,'' which means a foreign principal who would fall  subject to the Foreign Agents Registration Act. So it is not an  immigrant. It is not any person born outside the United States. It is  someone acting on behalf of a foreign agent.   And it also has a ``knowing standard,'' meaning that you would have  to have some knowledge that this person is acting on behalf of a  foreign agent. And the Donald Trump, Jr., example, it was represented  that the individuals were working with the prosecutor general of  Russia, so clearly, that would be notice that this is on behalf of a  foreign agent.   Now, I also want to just point out that, yes, there is an honor code  that we all follow, and I believe most of my colleagues would tell the  FBI. And, of course, in 2000, when the Gore campaign received debate  prep materials for the Bush campaign, the Gore campaign went to the FBI  because it was provided by a foreign national.   However, what we learned in 2016 is not everyone is as honorable, and  so we have to codify this. And I do believe that we will be judged by  what we do as our democracy has been tested. And not only what we do,  but what we learn from the vulnerabilities that have been exposed.   And that is why I think it is so important that Ms. Lofgren's  legislation is voted for and passed on this floor, and that we include  this amendment to make sure it is not just candidates, but also the  family members.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   