 Madam President, we are all coming to the Senate floor  this evening to demand that we finally take real steps to address our  Nation's gun violence epidemic. This epidemic is wide-reaching and  knows no bounds. We need to listen to the students and to the young  people who have grown weary from so many shootings at our schools.   In my home State of New Mexico in recent years, we have seen gun  violence tragically take the lives of high school students in Aztec and  Clovis and, just last month, college students in Hobbs. Every student  and teacher should feel safe at school. No parent should have to live  in fear of their child not coming home at the end of the day.   Across our Nation, we have witnessed, with grave horror, mass  shooters armed with assault rifles gun down Americans in churches, in  synagogues, in concert venues, and in shopping centers. Amid our grief  and anguish, Americans have come together to call on their leaders to  not let this senseless, heart-wrenching violence continue  unabated. They are calling on us to do something. We can no longer  accept these horrific shootings as the status quo.    In my hometown of Albuquerque, just last Thursday night, five people,  [[Page S5516]]  including three teenagers, were shot to death in multiple shootings  across our city, and six others were wounded. While police are still  investigating these senseless acts of violence, no one can tell me that  this level of gun violence is somehow acceptable.   There are things we can do. There is no doubt that this debate brings  up very emotional and difficult questions, and there are large  challenges we need to grapple with that are fueling gun violence in  America. Many of the most horrific acts of violence and terror that we  have witnessed have been inspired by hateful ideologies, by racist  bigotry, and by divisive rhetoric. But we need to acknowledge that they  were carried out with deadly weapons, weapons that we are clearly not  doing enough to keep out of the hands of those who would seek to cause  us harm.   We may not all agree on what steps should be taken at the Federal  level to address this crisis, but can we at least agree that something  needs to be done to combat the epidemic of gun violence in this  country?   We need to listen to our Nation's students and mothers who are  calling for us to come together on the things we can agree on. At the  very least, that includes universal background checks. There is  bipartisan legislation on background checks that passed out of the  House and is sitting on the majority leader's desk right now. Let's  vote on that bill.   Someone who can't pass a background check should not be allowed to  purchase a firearm. We shouldn't be putting guns in the hands of those  convicted of domestic violence or sexual assault who continue to be a  threat to their victims. Someone who has been found by family and  friends to be a danger to themselves and their community should not be  in possession of a deadly firearm. If our government has put someone on  a no-fly list because of the risk that they pose, we should not allow  that potential terrorist to buy a gun. I can't, frankly, understand how  any of that is controversial.   The Senate majority is refusing to act. They are hoping that if they  hide long enough--if they hide long enough--this will just blow over.  Can we at least agree that more public health and scientific research  is needed on this gun violence epidemic?   All of us in some way are grasping for answers on our Nation's  unparalleled violence, but even funding research into gun violence is  being vetoed by the NRA. It is hard to believe that Senate Republicans  could find a way to be against so many commonsense solutions. Nearly  every solution is being rejected. The overwhelming majority of  Americans, including gun owners like me, agree that Congress needs to  finally take these real steps to address gun violence.   Look, this is not an issue I take lightly. Like many Americans, I am  a gun owner, but with that privilege should come a great deal of  responsibility. I am teaching my two sons how to responsibly use  firearms. In fact, when our family sits down to a meal that includes  red meat, it is almost always from the wild game we have harvested.   I think you will find, when you talk to most gun owners and most  sportsmen, they, more than anyone, know how much we need to respect the  deadly force inherent in these tools. Most agree we should make sure  that firearms are used responsibly and safely.   Those of us in Congress should never hide behind phony arguments that  use fear to intimidate us away from action. Americans are desperate for  us to act.   I join my Democratic colleagues once again in calling upon Majority  Leader McConnell and President Trump: Enough is enough. It is long past  time to do something and to stop hiding. It is long past time for us to  finally turn our Nation's grief and frustration into meaningful action  to protect our kids and our communities.   I yield the floor.   