 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Illinois,  an exceptional baseball player, as well, for yielding this time.   Look, this is something I am very passionate about, and I am a bit  surprised that one of my colleagues from Georgia would speak against  this bill or even support this bill.   Let's be frank. Yes, the Russians are bad. They are very bad. They  seek to do harm to America, and they have been attempting to influence  our elections for many years.   Yes, we need to be concerned about election security. But if you want  to secure our election system, this is the exact opposite of what we  should be doing.    The State of Georgia has recognized this. Just this year, our State  legislature overwhelmingly passed a bill to spend $150 million to  upgrade our electronic voting machines so that they will produce a  verifiable ballot that represents the way the person voted at the  machine.   This is the direction we should be going, not to eliminate electronic  ballots, not eliminate the efficiency that you get when you can walk  in.   The verifiable aspect of it, a voter is given a card, after it is  verified who the voter is. When a voter walks into a voting precinct,  they fill out the paperwork and show their ID, and they are given a  card that identifies that they have been certified. They insert that  card and vote electronically, and then it will produce a printed  receipt that they can verify that this is the way they voted. That  receipt goes into a box that is used for a recount. That is a secure  voting system that also embraces technology.   This bill would take us back decades. It is like when a student takes  an SAT exam. They fill out the little bubbles, and then it runs through  an electronic counter.   Look, even in our own hearing, the chief technologist at the Center  for Democracy and Technology agreed when I brought this scenario  forward, that we use the technology of DREs that then will print a  verifiable ballot or a receipt. He said that those were absolutely  safe.  [[Page H5218]]    Now, here is the problem. When we go to paper ballots, and everyone  is going to fill out these paper ballots, we are talking long lines. We  are talking about fewer people being able to get to the polls.   Madam Speaker, when we decide to vote on this bill, the last thing  you are going to say from that rostrum is Members will cast their votes  via electronic device. Why? It is efficient. We have a verifiable way  of making sure that we can see the way we voted on this board up here  or on a printed piece of paper we can get in the back. This is because  of efficiency.   Madam Speaker, can you imagine if we had to do paper ballots or voice  vote every one of the many amendments we have on these appropriations  bills? We would never go home. We would be here 24 hours a day.   The American people expect us to live by the same laws that they have  to live by. We should embrace technology and make it secure, not revert  back decades to old technology.   Look, the reality is, this bill would subject us to the problem of  people walking up with boxes full of preprinted ballots, all across the  Nation, and they could drop those in at the last minute. We need to  verify that people voting are who they are.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Illinois for  yielding this minute to me.   The distinguished Speaker talked about misinformation, and I agree.  There is a lot of misinformation out there about elections and election  security and a lot of that that goes on around here. Let's be factual  here.   There has been zero solid evidence of voter suppression during the  last election, which had the largest turnout in the history of this  Nation. Our own committee held seven field hearings across the Nation,  with zero solid evidence of voter suppression, but the only acts of  voter suppression that they tried to bring up had to deal with purging  voter rolls.   We actually had one hearing in Broward County. What is Broward County  known for? Voter irregularities. Why? Many times, why? Because of paper  ballots.   But yet this is the direction we are going in, and the distinguished  Speaker said we are taking it into the 21st century. Show me how. How  is this taking us into the 21st century? It is taking us back decades.   Look, if the Russians were actually physically invading our Nation  with bombers and tanks, this bill would be the equivalent of giving our  military pellet guns and paper airplanes to thwart the attack. This is  taking us away from election security.   