 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the  time, and I rise in support of H.R. 1865.   As the chair of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I am pleased to  briefly highlight the important national priorities addressed in this  bill.   From the safety of our food and medicines, to agriculture research,  to rural development, and nutrition assistance, the programs in this  bill touch the lives of every American on a daily basis. The strong  investments we make in this bill will improve people's lives at home  and abroad.   The fiscal year 2020 Agriculture bill provides $23.5 billion in  discretionary funding, $183 million above the fiscal year 2019 level.  In addition, it provides the latest estimates for mandatory programs  required by law.   The legislation makes major investments, totaling almost $3.8  billion, in our rural communities, including $1.45 billion for rural  water and waste program loans and $545 million in grants for clean and  reliable drinking water systems, $640 million for broadband programs,  including $555 million for  [[Page H10590]]  the Re-Connect grants and loans, an issue with strong bipartisan  support.   The bill funds all of the domestic nutrition programs, including  SNAP, WIC, and the Child Nutrition Programs, sufficiently to meet  anticipated participation in fiscal year 2020.   In addition, it provides $35 million for the Summer EBT program, $30  million for the school kitchen equipment grants, and $5 million for the  school breakfast expansion grants.   The bill provides $1.8 billion for farm programs, including $35  million to address staffing shortages at county offices to ensure  farmers and producers receive the best possible customer service.   It also extends and expands disaster assistance to continue assisting  farmers, ranchers, and producers in States that were devastated by  natural disasters, including Hurricane Michael that devastated my  district.   The legislation makes critical investments in agriculture research by  providing $3.2 billion, a $171 million increase over fiscal year 2019.   We provided record levels of resources for the Food for Peace and  McGovern-Dole programs. These programs send American commodities all  over the world to address global hunger and are an essential tool of  American diplomacy.   The Food and Drug Administration will receive $3.16 billion in  discretionary funding, with specific funding dedicated to fighting rare  cancers, gaining efficiencies for generic drug reviews, improving  response to foodborne illness outbreaks, and the continued  implementation of the Food Safety Modernization Act.   The bill funds the Commodity Futures Trading Commission at $315  million, a historic, necessary, and long-overdue increase.   I am pleased that the bill provides funding for several programs  authorized in the 2018 farm bill, including the 1890 National Scholars  program.   Finally, Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Chairwoman Lowey and  Ranking Member Granger for their historic and effective leadership  throughout the appropriations process. I would like to also thank the  subcommittee's distinguished ranking member, Mr. Fortenberry. He has  been a great partner during this process.    Mr. Speaker, of course I have to give a  tremendous shout out to the hardworking Appropriations Committee staff,  both majority and minority. They have worked hard through multiple  challenges, and they have delivered us a good bill, although not  perfect, to avoid a government shutdown.    Madam Speaker, this is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   