 Mr. President, I rise to announce a new use of an old  requirement. I rise to speak about the latest Senate scorekeeping  report which I filed this week in the Congressional Record. The  Congressional Record is available to anyone online. This report could  show overspending by committees and a number of other things. This is  the first such report since I filed a current law budget for the fiscal  year 2020 as authorized by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019.   This week's filing tracks the Senate's adherence to that current law  budget and provides up-to-date budgetary information about the Federal  Government for Congress and for the public. For the first time, a copy  of the scorekeeping report can be found on the Senate Budget  Committee's website to allow the American people to better track  Congress's fiscal decision making. That is new.   Let me repeat that. For the first time, a copy of the scorekeeping  report can be found on the Senate Budget Committee's website to allow  the American people to better track Congress's decision making.   Since this is the first time the committee is posting the  scorekeeping report on its website, I want to take this opportunity to  explain the report for those taxpayers who are concerned, as I am,  about our country's fiscal health and want to learn more.   I hope the people will look at the future months and each monthly  report. A current-law budget allows the Senate to enforce the budget  spending levels projected under current law. While it will not put us  on a path to stabilizing our debt and deficits, like the levels  approved by the Senate Budget Committee earlier this year would do, it  tells the Congress to stop making our fiscal situation worse--to stop  making our debt and deficits worse.   The scorekeeping report covers six primary areas. First, it shows  whether authorizing committees are sticking to their allocation, which  is just a fancy term for each committee's spending allowance. We track  that for the 1-year, 5-year, and 10-year periods for this report. For  the October 2019 report, all committees are in compliance and no  breaches have been recorded since I filed the current-law budget on  September 9. That is good news, though with our debt approaching $23  trillion, going a month on the budget is not something to pat ourselves  on the back over, but it is a good start.   Second, the report tracks whether the Appropriations Committee is  adhering to the discretionary spending limits imposed by the most  recent Bipartisan Budget Act. For fiscal year 2020, the limit on  regular discretionary spending for accounts in the defense category is  $666.5 billion, and for the accounts in nondefense category, it is  $621.5 billion. Since full-year appropriations measures for this fiscal  year have not yet been enacted, the only budgetary effects recorded are  for advanced or permanent appropriations made through our prior law.   Third, the scorekeeping report tracks changes in mandatory programs.  We call that CHIMPS, which is used by the Appropriations Committee.  That is so we are not using the very important wording of ``changes in  mandatory programs,'' actually making changes in mandatory programs  without people knowing. The Appropriations Committee uses those changes  in mandatory programs to offset new discretionary spending each year.  In recent years, the Budget Committee has ratcheted down the total  amount of changes in mandatory programs that can be used in a given  year in an effort to hold the line on spending.   This year's total limit is $15 billion--that is extra spending--and  the report tracks the Appropriations Committee's adherence to that  limit thus far. I know that many of my colleagues share my desire to  finally end the practice of using changes in mandatory programs to  inflate spending.   Fourth, the report tracks the amount of emergency and overseas  contingency operations spending in appropriations bills. Emergency  spending is not constrained by discretionary spending limits that I  talked about, but it has the potential to cost hundreds of billions of  dollars each year. To date, for fiscal year 2020, there has been $8  million worth of emergency budget authority adjustments. These  adjustments are the result of agriculture provisions and the additional  supplemental appropriations for the Disaster Relief Act of 2019.  Emergencies don't count against the budget, but they do go to increased  debt. There is no requirement to adjust the budget to pay for  emergencies.   Fifth, included in the report is information provided to me by the  Congressional Budget Office that compares topline spending and revenue  amounts, known as aggregates, to the current-law budget levels. The  report shows there is currently enough room on the spending aggregate  to accommodate all outstanding regular appropriations and no additional  room for revenue loss.   Finally, the report includes the current balances of the Senate's  pay-go scorecard. Pay-go stands for ``pay as you go,'' a unique concept  around here. In other words, was it paid for? If not, the report shows  it on the scorecard. The Senate's pay-go scorecard, which is enforced  with a 60-vote point of order, tracks the budgetary effects of  legislation moving through Congress affecting mandatory spending and  revenues. This report shows a zero balance on the Senate's pay-go  scorecard due to the filing of new budgetary levels just last month.   As chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, I try to come to the  floor regularly to sound the alarm about our country's unsustainable  fiscal course. We are on a perilous path with the Congressional Budget  Office projecting our debt and deficits to skyrocket in the coming  years. Debt is the cumulative amount. Deficits are the annual amount.  [[Page S5880]]    The deficit for the fiscal year that ended September 30 reached $984  billion. While revenues were up $133 billion over the previous year, or  4 percent, compared to fiscal year 2018, spending was up $338 billion,  or 7 percent, over the prior year. I can say that again. We overspent  $984 billion. Revenues were up $133 billion, but spending was up $338  billion. The Congressional Budget Office projects the budget deficit  for the current fiscal year to top $1 trillion. That is another  trillion dollars added to our already high debt. That is overspending  in spite of increased revenues.   We are long overdue for an honest conversation about the country's  finances. I hope the Senate scorekeeping report can contribute in a  small way to that conversation. I believe the more we allow the public  to follow the dollars, the more pressure there will be on all of us to  finally address our overspending problem. I truly hope all Members view  this report and come to see it as a valuable tool for getting our books  in order.   I yield the floor.   