 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S6414]]     Mr. President, the House of Representatives continues to  interview key witnesses as part of its impeachment inquiry. Each  witness has reportedly added details and context to the central focus  of the inquiry; that the President allegedly pressured a foreign leader  to interfere in domestic politics and used the power of his office for  personal political gain.   The House must follow the facts where they lead and continue the  investigation until all the facts come out. When and if there is a  potential trial in the Senate, it will be our job to impartially look  at all the evidence and come to our own independent judgment.   I remind my colleagues of this fact because in recent days a few of  my colleagues seem to be jumping to conclusions. We all know about our  colleagues in the House Republican caucus who have made a show of  storming classified hearings, even though many of them could  participate in those hearings, who have shifted their defenses of the  President on a nearly daily basis, who only weeks ago made the idea of  no quid pro quo the linchpin of their argument in support of the  President but now admit that the President might have engaged in a quid  pro quo, but there is nothing wrong with that.   In the House, the shifting sands of argument to embrace, to almost  kneel at the feet of the President is appalling. They contradict  themselves. They turn themselves into pretzels before all of the facts  come out because they just blindly want to say that the President is  right. That is not how the Constitution asks us to conduct ourselves as  legislators.   In the Senate, we are beginning to get that germ of coming to  conclusions before we hear all the facts, before a trial occurs. That  nasty germ is spreading. Senior Members said yesterday that they will  refuse to read any transcript from the House investigation because they  have written the whole process off as a bunch of BS. If they were using  taxpayer dollars, much needed foreign aid--an important part of our  foreign policy tool--to gain an advantage on a political rival, if that  is true, that is BS? Our Senate Judiciary chairman knows better, but  his blind loyalties, his abject following of whatever President Trump  wants, it seems, make him say things like that.   Yesterday, Leader McConnell stepped over the line, in my judgment,  when he said that if an impeachment vote were held today, the President  would be acquitted. Instead of speculating about the hypothetical trial  or writing off the entire process before it has even concluded, how  about we all wait for the facts to come out? That is our job.   Facts can be stubborn things. Just yesterday we learned that a key  figure provided supplementary testimony that he told a top Ukraine  official that U.S. military assistance was conditioned on an  announcement by Ukraine that it was opening the investigations  President Trump requested. Instead of leaping to the President's  defense to declare no quid pro quo as many House Republicans did--a  claim now contradicted by several witnesses--everyone should wait for  the facts to come out. Fairness demands that of us.   Before I move on to another topic, there is another troubling  development in this area--efforts by the White House and a Member of  this Chamber to disclose the identity of the whistleblower. Let me  repeat that. The White House and even a Member of this Chamber are  openly advocating that Federal whistleblower protections be violated,  that laws be broken, and the health and safety of the whistleblower and  their family be put at risk. Shame, shame--it is just outrageous.   We are in an extraordinary moment of history when Republicans over  only a few weeks have shifted from saying that no laws were broken to  saying that laws were broken but it is not impeachable to outright  advocating that laws be broken. This is wrong. This is against  democracy. This is against the grain of this country that we have been  so proud of for 200-some-odd years. Whistleblowers who stand up for the  Constitution should not be targeted by the President or powerful  Members of the legislative branch, for sure. And even if you don't  agree with that, you have to agree that it is the law and you shouldn't  break it. We are a nation of laws. President Trump should hear that. So  should the junior Senator from Kentucky--please.   On a good note, I was pleased to hear that several of my Republican  colleagues stood up yesterday and did the right thing. They defended  the whistleblower's legal protections, including a Member of the  Republican Senate leadership. Later today, I hope these Senators--and,  indeed, all Senators--join Democrats in approving a resolution offered  by my colleague Senator Hirono that supports the whistleblower  protections. Senator Hirono will be asking unanimous consent to pass  it, and we should, for the sake of the safety of this whistleblower,  whether you like what he or she did or you don't, for the sake of rule  of law, and for the sake of what balance of power is all about.    Mr. President, before I get into the substance of my  remarks on a very serious subject, I want to thank my dear friend from  Kansas for his nice words about Johnny Isakson.   There is no word short of ``beloved'' that you would affix before  Johnny Isakson's name in terms of this Chamber, and I think that would  probably be true for every single Member--certainly the Senator from  Kansas and certainly the Senator from New York.   On July 30, 1778, the Continental Congress passed unanimously the  following resolution: ``Resolved, that it is the duty of all persons in  the service of the United States . . . to give the earliest information  to Congress or other proper authority of any misconduct, frauds or  misdemeanors committed by any officers or persons in the service of  these states.''   That was in the Continental Congress before our Nation was even  formed--a duty of citizens to protect the American people from those in  government who might conduct misconduct, fraud, or misdemeanors.   From the earliest days of our Republic, our government has  acknowledged the vital role that whistleblowers play in ensuring good  governance and rooting out corruption, malfeasance, and self-dealing.   Two nights ago, appallingly, at a political rally, President Trump  and a Member of this Chamber, the junior Senator from Kentucky,  publicly and explicitly urged the press to disclose the identity of the  Federal whistleblower whose complaint triggered an impeachment inquiry  in the House of Representatives.   A few days later, the same junior Senator threatened to reveal the  identity of the whistleblower himself.   I cannot stress enough how wrong and dangerous--dangerous--these  efforts are.  [[Page S6428]]    The United States is a nation of laws. Whistleblower laws have  existed since the founding of our Republic to protect patriotic  Americans who come forward and stand up for our Constitution. We don't  get to determine when these laws apply and when they don't. We don't  get to decide if the law applies whether you like what the  whistleblower said or whether you don't. These are laws. No person--no  person--is above the law.   This whistleblower, whose complaint was deemed credible and urgent by  a Trump appointee, is protected by these statutes. There is no legal  doubt about that. Every single Member of this body--every single one-- should stand up and say that it is wrong to disclose his or her  identity. That is what my colleague Senator Hirono will ask us to do in  a moment.   Before she does, I want to thank my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle who have spoken up in defense of whistleblower protections.  Some of my Republican colleagues have spent their careers defending  whistleblowers. We need them today. We need these Republican  colleagues, who should be here standing up for the protection of  whistleblowers.   The threats we have seen over the last few days are so egregious--so  egregious--that they demand bipartisan outrage from one end of this  Chamber to the other, whether you are a Democrat, Republican,  Independent, liberal, moderate, or conservative.   What is happening here is another erosion of the values of this  Republic for political expediency. Exposing the whistleblower's  identity would endanger their health and safety and that of their  families. It would also be a chilling message to future patriots that  they do their duty to report wrongdoing at the risk of exposure,  retaliation, and retribution.   Why don't we see a single other Republican stand up in favor of this  today? We should.   Let's send a message today that the Senate reaffirms our Nation's  longstanding tradition of defending whistleblowers. I urge every single  Member of the Senate to support it, and I recognize somebody who has  been valiant in this fight to protect the duty enshrined by the  Continental Congress and the Constitution, my good friend, the Senator  from Hawaii.   