 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from  Michigan, and I appreciate the opportunity to talk about something that  is extremely important.   In our Michigan State Constitution, Article VIII, section 1, it says:  ``Religion, morality, and knowledge being necessary to good government  and the happiness of mankind, schools and the means of education shall  forever be encouraged.''   That article--that line was taken from the Northwest Ordinance. I  think it showed the wisdom of some of our Founders of this great  Nation, the greatest in the entire world, that they understood that  education and the means of education gave the opportunity, and, in  fact, to a great degree, assured the freedom and opportunity of a  Nation and the morality of a Nation that understood the wisdom that  came even from the centuries and the ages.   I think we would all agree that schools should meet the unique  educational needs of children, wouldn't we? I know my colleague would  agree with that. And why, then, would we question the fact that there  ought to be choice? Choice in education, even as we seek choice in our  daily lives is what makes America great.   School choice gives parents and children the option of allowing the  children to flourish. That is the intended goal, isn't it? Michigan has  a variety of options, and I am grateful for that. It didn't always have  those same options, but we do now.   Just 25 years ago, as of this week, Michigan struck out on a new  opportunity in the fact of allowing charters, public charters, to take  place, and in those past 25 years, we have literally seen a million  students attend Michigan's charter schools. Has every charter been  perfect or successful? No. But overwhelmingly, charters have served  Michigan well as a choice, as an option.    I think of the community--a community like Detroit wherein the  Detroit News just, this week, an article was written talking about the  success there of the Detroit Edison Public School Academy; ranked the  number one open-enrollment school in the entire city when it comes to  college enrollment. Over half of the students in Detroit, a great city,  now have the opportunity and take the opportunity to attend charter  schools, and they are flourishing.   Michigan has a variety of options available to our 2.2 million  children living in that State, including the opportunity to attend  traditional public schools outside neighborhood boundaries. That is a  good thing. Again, it gives choice, meeting the needs of students.   Now, I had choice, like my colleague, relative to my children. Not  all people back in the 1980s and mid-1990s, when my children were going  to their grade school and high school education opportunities, had the  same choices. Each one of my three kids were different in unique ways.  They learn different. They have different aptitudes and desires and  longings and interests.   We had the opportunity to send our three children to public school,  private school, and homeschool, and one of our children to vocational  school, as it was called at the time, for a career in technical  education that changed her life, literally.   I thank God for that opportunity. We used it, not simply to make  choices and have differences, but to meet those unique educational  needs and opportunities of our kids, and it worked. It worked for them.   You know something, I so appreciate my good friend and colleague  having this Special Order tonight, because it is a time when we can  talk through some of what we would call commonsense ideas and values  and beliefs, but too often we forget about it.   For instance, do parents know their children's unique needs, unique  abilities, unique strengths and weaknesses better than anyone else? I  think the answer is, and that you and I would agree, that the  overwhelming majority of parents--we can always pick out that  dysfunctional family, and, sadly, we need to work in those areas--but  the overwhelming majority of parents have a clear love for their kids,  know their needs, and if given the opportunity, will make the best  choices for their educational experience.   I have seen that. I have seen that in upper-income strata. I have  seen that in lower-income strata. I have seen that in rural  communities. I have seen that in urban communities. I have seen that in  suburban communities. Parents generally want the best for their kids,  and that includes education.   So, for us, to support and encourage choice, and with that choice, to  certainly hold accountable, but nonetheless to encourage choice and for  parents to make those choices for the best interest of their kids, I  see that as an American way. Having the option to choose the learning  environment, the styles of education that works best for the student,  whether it be through charter school, private school, home education,  or traditional public school, having choices allows students to grow  and find their sweet spot.   I saw that with my kids, and I want that for all children. So I thank  Representative Mitchell for encouraging us to think this through during  this special National Choice Week and to double our efforts to say we  want kids to be educated, we want to give them that choice, we will  support that, and, in fact, then we will promote quality in education.   