 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week, folks from all over the  country--all ages, all backgrounds, and all walks of life--are coming  together to celebrate and highlight one of the single most important  priorities of this Nation, and that is protecting the unborn.   In fact, tomorrow, nearly 100,000 of these folks will march right  here in Washington, DC, at the March for Life rally. In fact, I will be  speaking at that rally tomorrow.   As American citizens, I believe in our founding principle that all  men and all women are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable  rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of  happiness. Every human life must be valued. Every human life must be  protected from conception until  [[Page S291]]  death. We must stand to protect the most vulnerable in our society, and  that includes the unborn.   I am grateful that under President Trump's leadership and the  Republican-led U.S. Senate, we have delivered some of the strongest  pro-life results in history. In fact, in the last Congress, this  Republican-led Senate confirmed 85 conservative judges. That includes a  record-setting 30 circuit court judges. We also confirmed 53 district  court judges and two new Supreme Court Justices.   I remember when I left the private sector to come to public service  that when the Senate put a judge on the bench, that meant these were  lifetime appointments. We can pass laws here. Laws can be changed in  the current Congress. Laws can be changed in a future Congress. But  these judges are lifetime appointments.   Despite the great progress we have made over the last couple of  years, there is plenty of work to be done. In fact, just this week, I  was grateful and thankful to see 48 of my Senate colleagues join me in  sending a letter to President Trump urging him to stop any  legislation--any legislation--that is coming out of the House that  would erode pro-life protections.   The good news is, this is a battle we are winning, and this is a  battle we must absolutely win.   Thank you.   I yield back.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jason Smith  and Alison Graab, fellows at the Senate Commerce Committee, be granted  floor privileges for the remainder of the 116th Congress.   