 Mr. Speaker, I took my colleague by surprise here. We  just came down from a Rules Committee meeting, and I appreciate her  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, if you didn't have the pleasure of serving with Louise  on the Rules Committee, it looks kind of strange to have the Louise and  Bob Slaughter Post Office.   I have been here only 8 years, but I can't recall us doing that after  a couple out here. Perhaps it is done regularly, but to serve with  Louise--you know, the Rules Committee, Mr. Speaker, goes into the wee  hours of the morning; 2 a.m., 3 a.m., 4 a.m., the Rules Committee is  working, and it is truly Louise and Bob Slaughter.   Since my first day on the Rules Committee back in 2011, Louise took  me under her wing. Yes, I was a young conservative Republican. Yes, she  was an older--we can say, I think, honestly--liberal Democrat. She  began building those partnerships with the young members of the Rules  Committee with each and every committee meeting that took place.   I don't know if she was the first one who said it to me, but she was  certainly one of them. She said: You know, Rob, of your colleagues on  the other side of the aisle, folks sometimes think that we are upset  with each other and we are bad people.   She said: I always tell folks, it is not that the people on the other  side of the aisle are bad people. They are really good people. They  just have some bad ideas.   She would share that with me from time to time, that my ideas were  amongst those bad ideas. Her picture hangs right across from my seat  there today.  [[Page H2970]]    There are so many men and women in America, Mr. Speaker, who are  worthy of celebration, and it seems like we always make time to talk  about those things that tear us apart, and we just don't make enough  time to talk about those things that bring us together.   Louise was a strident, a fighter for her beliefs, as is any man or  woman in this institution, but she never missed a moment to try to  bring people together instead of pushing people further apart.   This is a wonderful gesture that the committee is moving forward  today.   I hope that all of my colleagues will find, amongst their very busy  Tuesday, time to sit back and reflect that they have an opportunity to  be a uniter or to be a divider. It doesn't mean you trade away one iota  of who you are and what you believe. It is just how do you tell that  story, and how do you go about persuading your colleagues that it is  true.   Louise gave us a wonderful example every single day of her decade  upon decade of service in this institution, and I am honored to have  sat across the aisle from her there in the Rules Committee.   