 Mr. Speaker, on February 15, the President  exercised his clear authority under a clear Federal statute, duly- enacted by Congress, to use funds already appropriated by Congress for  the purpose of securing our southern border.   Mr. Speaker, I am glad about one thing today coming here. I am glad  that, for many of the years I have been here, I came through the Rules  Committee, and others, and talked about Article I authority. I am glad  now to see that we have others who have now figured that Article I  probably needs to be enforced.   What is interesting is it is selective enforcement against a  President they don't like, for a purpose they don't want, for a wall  that they don't want to have because securing a border is not the top  agenda for them.   I get it if you don't like it. But argue with the law. The statute  itself and the President's actions, in accordance with it, rest solidly  within the separation of powers, and are certainly constitutional.   If you are citing the Supreme Court case of Youngstown against the  President's action today during this debate, then I suggest you haven't  read the case. That reasoning of the Youngstown case only applies when  the President is acting unilaterally and not pursuant to a duly-elected  statute by Congress.   Maybe the selective memory here is because the previous President  actually did that when he instituted the DACA program under no things  that he could have found to actually work on.    Then we discuss the issue of, is there an actual emergency on the  border? You know, a President once noted, he said: ``We have seen a  significant rise in apprehensions and processing of children and  individuals from Central America who are crossing into the United  States in the Rio Grande Valley areas of the Southwest border. The  individuals who embark upon this perilous journey are subject to  violent crime, abuse, extortion, as they rely on dangerous human  smuggling networks to transport them through Central America and  Mexico.''   Most may think that was from the current President. It was not. It  was from President Obama when he was requesting more money for the  emergency on the border.   The problem is the factual basis is there. We sat in a hearing today  in the Judiciary Committee, and I had to look at the faces of our  Border Patrol agents and ICE agents, and others dealing with this on a  day-to-day basis while all they get, many times from this body, is hate  and derision when they are doing their job that we sent them to do.   My problem comes back here--if we can argue about different things-- this was under the law and done by Republicans and Democrats for the  last almost 40 years. If you want to fix this, then you have done what  you should do under law. You have brought your resolution of  disapproval.   But if you really wanted to take Article I authority, then actually  look at the law itself. If you actually want to change it that is what  this body ought to be doing.   If you don't like the fact that the President can do something and  especially my friends across the aisle who don't want this President to  do anything, then fix the law. Go into this emergency declaration and  say, we will define what a national emergency is. We will do that.   They don't want to do that because they don't want to bind the hands  because they know that the law was written for a purpose that has been  upheld for over 40 years. This is simply a show. It is a farce.   Let's just get to the political aspect of this and say, Mr. Speaker,  we don't like the President. We don't like what he is doing. Oops, we  forgot about this law, and the President said, I will act under the  authority given to me by Congress.   You can have all the arguments you want, but at the end of the day,  Mr. Speaker, when you cast this vote, don't hide behind Article I.  Don't hide between separation of powers. Go to the law and look at what  the law says and vote ``no.''   