 Mr. President, I want to talk about the bill that we are  considering this week. This is a bill that for sportsmen and for those  who are interested in public lands is going to have a big impact. It  will have big benefits for our country and big benefits for my State of  Missouri.   This package includes a number of important provisions to expand  hunting and fishing access--something that, I think, every Congress,  over a handful of Congresses now, has tried to do and failed to do. It  has provisions to protect natural resources and provisions to improve  public lands. In my State of Missouri, we have more than 1.2 million  hunters and fishermen. They spend about $1.67 billion annually and  support almost 30,000 jobs in our State.   For the first time, this bill makes it clear in statute that all  Bureau of Land Management and National Forest System lands will be open  to hunting, to recreational shooting, and to fishing unless they are  explicitly closed. They can be closed, but they have to be explicitly  closed for safety reasons or other justified reasons that are  established not just by the Bureau of Land Management or by the  National Forest System but through a public process. In other words,  they are going to be open unless they are closed instead of the current  situation of their being closed unless they are open. This will create  an opportunity for people who want to use public lands for those  purposes to be able to do so unless those who are responsible for  managing those lands can make a real case that they shouldn't be able  to do so.   This bill includes important provisions that will improve the visitor  experience in two of Missouri's U.S. National Park Service units. One  is the provision that would really enhance one's opportunity to learn  more about the personal life of the Nation's 33rd President, Harry  Truman. I am standing here behind the desk I use every day, which was  also the desk that President Truman used when he was in the Senate.   Particularly, there are lessons that can be learned from his life at  the Harry S. Truman National Historic Site, which was first dedicated  in May of 1983. It preserves the history of the person who has  sometimes been called the people's President. He was the President who,  when he was retiring and the press asked him ``What is the first thing  you are going to do when you get home?'' thought for only a minute and  said, ``I guess the first thing I will do is take the suitcases to the  attic.'' In his 7\1/2\ years of being President, he was a guy who had  not lost the sense of the kinds of commonsense things that real people  deal with.   His story is really well told at his family home in Independence. It  is a site that includes not only the home that he and Bess, his wife,  shared through their entire marriage, from 1919 until his death in  1972, but some adjacent family properties and some nearby properties of  Truman's farm home, which was the home in which he grew up in  Grandview, MO.   This is a bill that, in many cases, does really simple things. In  this case, it just takes the money, frankly, that the city of  Independence wants to give to the Federal Government so the Federal  Government has the money to build a new visitors center. The National  Park Service would like to build it on this piece of land, but before  it can do that, we have to accept the piece of land. That is something  that will happen in this bill when we pass it.   There is another provision that would enhance the visitor access to  Ste. Genevieve, which is at least the newest historic park in Missouri  if not, certainly, one of the newest in the country. This is something  we did last year in transitioning some property to the National Park  System from the State park system.   Ste. Genevieve, which is on the banks of the Mississippi River, was  established in the 1750s by French settlers who were attracted to the  area because of the water access, the rich soil, and the ability to  make a living there. In fact, the historic park encompasses what was  called the common field in the Mississippi River Valley, where citizens  would own or be allocated a plot in that field and would farm in that  plot. It was not part of the settlement community itself but was at the  river bottom, which meant that for flood reasons, you wouldn't want to  build a house there, but you could grow some of the most incredible  crops that could be grown then or now. In fact, the common field in  Ste. Genevieve is recognized as being the oldest continuously farmed  piece of land west of the Mississippi River.   Ste. Genevieve had been governed by the French, then the British,  then the Spanish, and then the United States in its history as it came  into the United States as part of a territory with the Louisiana  Purchase. The imprint of each of those countries is still evident in  that community today. That is partly thanks to the State of Missouri.  It is  [[Page S882]]  thanks to dedicated historic preservation groups, including the  National Society of the Colonial Dames of America, the Foundation for  Restoration of Ste. Genevieve, Les Amis, and the Ste. Genevieve Chamber  of Commerce. They have all worked hard to recognize the unique  architecture they have there, some of which dates back to the late 18th  century. More of it dates back to the years right after the turn of the  19th century and the very early 1800s.   This bill would allow significant things to happen in that park,  including acquiring a standing visitors center that wouldn't happen  otherwise.   The bill also permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. Many of those hunters and fishermen whom I mentioned  earlier are, appropriately, big advocates of this Land and Water  Conservation Fund, which allows property to be available to them and to  be preserved through this fund in a way that doesn't allow it to be  developed but still to be available to hunters, fishermen,  birdwatchers, and outdoor enthusiasts.   That fund is largely funded from Federal receipts from the offshore  oil and gas leases. In 2018, $487 million was appropriated by the  Congress to continue to maintain and enhance that fund. It supports  Federal and State land acquisition, planning grants, and outdoor  recreational programs. That has been a program that, for a long time  now, the Federal Government has periodically extended. This is the  first time that it would be permanently authorized.   This bill reauthorizes the partners in Fish and Wildlife. It  reauthorizes the National Geological Mapping Program, the Public Lands  Corps program, and, for the first time, the Invasive Species Program at  the Corps. The wildlife response activities, as it involves drones, are  described here and defined in a new and better way.   It also requires the Fish and Wildlife Service to declare the  attorney fee payments they make and, maybe even more importantly, to  declare publicly the awards they make to individuals and groups that  have filed a civil case and are doing that under the Endangered Species  Act. A lot of determinations have been made there that the public was  not aware of and, frankly, in my view, that would not have been made if  they had to stand the test of public scrutiny that they now have to  stand under with this law.   I want to congratulate Senator Murkowski and Senator Cantwell for  bringing this bill to the floor. As we work hard now to do what is  necessary, I look forward to passing it here, sending it back to the  House, getting it on the President's desk, and doing these things that,  in so many cases, have been years now in the making.   This bill brings together about 100 separate pieces of legislation,  each of which will make an important difference--no matter how small  they are--in the community or the area that they will impact.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   