 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I want to start by recognizing the hard work of Chairman Grijalva,  and perhaps even more important, Congressman Neguse, my good friend,  for his work on the underlying bill and the amount of time, energy,  passion, and commitment that he devotes to the conservation and, yes,  the preservation of Colorado's public lands. They are, in fact, iconic  features of our American landscape and crucial engines for its  recreational industry and State economy.   It is our duty to protect these treasured lands and to be responsible  stewards so that future generations can enjoy them as much as we do  today. We recognize how irreplaceable and rich these lands are, not  simply for the value they bring to our country's vast ecological  diversity but, also, for their contribution to our Nation's history.   One such area is Camp Hale. Decades ago, Camp Hale served as a base  for our servicemembers to train in mountain warfare.   I am sure the Chair is excited to know that the training campground  gave us the 10th Mountain Division, the famed and heroic mountain  fighters, who, through their dedication, service, and sacrifice, helped  our country achieve victory in World War II. And, upon returning home,  it was these veterans who drew upon their training and experiences to  help build Colorado's flourishing outdoor industry.   The legislation recognizes the significance of Camp Hale and, as  such, designated it as a National Historic Landscape, the first such  designation of its kind.   Yet, to fully honor Camp Hale's legacy, we should take every measure  to ensure today's veterans are provided the opportunity to actively  participate in the stewardship of this unique landscape.   As I sit here today in the Chamber, I hear a call, a loud call, for a  bipartisan amendment that everybody can get their arms around, so, Mr.  Chair, I offer mine.   My amendment strengthens the underlying legislation by including  veteran outreach and engagement activities as part of the management  plan for Camp Hale.   Public lands are important vehicles to connect veterans to our  national heritage and history. Many initiatives and programs have  demonstrated the unique opportunities that the outdoors offer veterans  to reconnect, recover, and heal after they return from the battlefield.   We should ensure today's veterans are a part of the management of  Camp  [[Page H8662]]  Hale. By doing so, we honor not only the legacy of Camp Hale and the  servicemembers who trained there but, also, those who continue to serve  this country today.   While I am not from Colorado, I recognize that veterans across the  country will flock to this wonderful, historic-designated area and  engage in the activities and the outreach for veterans.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment and  the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   