 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3207, my bill to  designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at  114 Mill Street in Hookstown, Pennsylvania, as the Staff Sergeant Dylan  Elchin Post Office Building.   Staff Sergeant Elchin served our country valiantly in the United  States Air Force and was killed in action in November of 2018. He was a  special tactics combat controller who was deployed to Afghanistan in  August of last year as part of the U.S. Army Special Operations Force  Operational Detachment-Alpha team.   Staff Sergeant Elchin's role included advising the ground force  commander, directing air support aircraft, and supporting offensive  combat operations. Dylan repeatedly disregarded his personal safety to  coordinate lifesaving strikes and combat enemy fighters. Dylan's  bravery was credited with saving the lives of many of his fellow  soldiers and airmen.   At Staff Sergeant Elchin's funeral last year, we heard how,  throughout all of the difficult conditions that Staff Sergeant Elchin  experienced in Afghanistan, he was always cheerful, always  enthusiastic, and always someone who inspired his fellow airmen no  matter what. Mr. Speaker, I believe this is because Staff Sergeant  Elchin was living his dream.   Staff Sergeant Elchin was born in Brighton Township, Pennsylvania,  and grew up in Beaver County, and from the earliest age he had an  interest in serving our country. Staff Sergeant Elchin was eager to  follow in the footsteps of his grandfather, who served 8 years,  himself, in the United States Army.   At the age of 14, Dylan immersed himself in military history,  especially the Vietnam and Gulf wars, and this passion fueled his  desire to serve.   Dylan enlisted in the Air Force as a special tactics combat  controller, the best of the best, immediately after graduating from  Hopewell High School in 2012. Dylan was assigned to the 26th Special  Tactics Squadron at Cannon Air Force Base in New Mexico. Dylan was  trained for combat operations, like precision strike and personnel  recovery, and he was especially skilled in reconnaissance, air traffic  control, and terminal attack control operations.   Staff Sergeant Elchin's awards and decorations include the Bronze  Star Medal, the Purple Heart, the Air Force Commendation Medal, the  NATO Medal, and many others. Dylan was incredibly young to be honored  in so many ways, which is a testament to his bravery, his skill, and  his dedication to his mission.   Mr. Speaker, if we do our job and we pass this bill, the citizens of  Hookstown and all over Beaver County will never forget Dylan's name,  and they never should.   Dylan joins a long line of western Pennsylvanians who gave what  Lincoln called the last full measure of devotion. We are proud of  Dylan; we thank him for his service and his sacrifice; we honor him;  and we will never forget him.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 3207.   