 Mr. President, if you are a student of history, the  speech you just heard is not a new speech. It is a speech that has been  given repeatedly in the Senate Chamber. It was back in the 1930s, when  a President named Franklin Delano Roosevelt had an idea, and the idea  was radical at the time. Here was the radical idea: Shouldn't we allow  people, during the course of their work-life, to put a little money  away and to invest for their retirement so that when they reach the age  of 65, they will have a program called Social Security?   That was considered a radical socialist idea, taking money from  everyone to create a positive program to help retirees across America  when they reach retirement age. It takes away our freedom, they said.  We ought to be able to make our own choices in life. They resisted it,  but, fortunately, they failed and in their failure allowed the creation  of the Social Security Program, which is the single most popular  government program in America today. Over 95 percent of Americans count  on Social Security to make sure that when they reach retirement, there  is something there to take care of them, but that wasn't the end of the  speech you just heard. It was repeated again in the 1960s because  another Democratic President by the name of Lyndon Baines Johnson came  up with a notion that, perhaps, if people are going to live a little  longer and have Social Security, they should also be able to have  affordable healthcare. So Lyndon Baines Johnson suggested the creation  of Medicare.   What did the critics say about Medicare? Socialism; that you would  collect money from people all across America just to provide for the  benefits to those who are retired; that you would take away our freedom  to make our own savings plans for our future by saying we have to pay  into Medicare. It is an attack on our freedom, they said. It is a  socialist idea, they said. Thank goodness they lost in that debate as  well.   What happened, of course, was a creation of a Medicare Program, and  we can see what came about as a result of it, a dramatic increase in  the number of hospitals in America and doctors in America. We started  taking healthcare seriously when it came to senior citizens. What is  the proof in the pudding? Senior citizens started living longer and  longer lives. They were healthier, they were independent, they were  strong because of this so-called socialist program of Medicare.   So if you listened this morning as Republican leaders came to the  floor and decried socialism again, what is their point now? Their point  now is, they believe that if we make a national effort toward dealing  with climate change and global warming, it is socialism. It takes away  our freedom.   I would agree with them in this respect. If we do something as a  nation, a sensible approach that is moderate, constructive, and  positive, it is going to change the future. It is going to take away  the opportunity that some of us will have to leave a planet for our  children that is uninhabitable.   Does anyone doubt--does anyone doubt--that we are dealing with some  change in the climate that we face around this world? Does anyone doubt  that the scientific evidence, year after year after year, about the  increased temperature of this planet has had a negative impact on the  world we live in--more extreme weather events than we have ever seen,  tornadoes in Taylorville, IL, in December?   Listen, I grew up in Illinois. I was awakened many times in the  summer to get down in the basement because there was a tornado warning.  My parents were worried about it. It was part of growing up in the  Midwest, part of growing up in Illinois. I don't recall ever going down  to the basement around Christmas. It turns out that tornado season in  Illinois, and many other places, is now becoming a year-round event and  flooding and fires and flooding in the city of Miami. All of these  things are evidence to me that something is going on, and we have the  scientific explanation. Greenhouse gas emissions are creating a  different environment, warming our planet, changing our weather  patterns.   I have come to the floor repeatedly over the last several years and  asked one basic question, can anyone name any major political party in  the world today--any major political party in the world today--that,  like the Republican Party of the United States, denies climate change?   I make that open challenge over and over again on the floor and have  never had a Republican come to me and say: No, there is another party  somewhere that takes our position on the issue that climate change is a  fallacy and a fiction. I will tell you, though--maybe I am not supposed  to repeat this--but one Republican Senator, after I made that challenge  over and over again, drew me aside in the elevator, looked in both  directions, and said: I think there is a political party in Australia  that also denies climate change. That is as good as it gets--one more  party somewhere halfway around the world.    When Senator Schumer, the Democratic leader, comes to the floor and  challenges the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, with the basic  questions, I believe we have the right to ask for an answer.   To the Republicans, to my friend from South Dakota who just spoke, to  Senator McConnell of Kentucky, the first question is this: Do you  believe that there is such a thing as climate change and global  warming? That is a pretty easy question. The scientists overwhelmingly  believe it. I do too.   The second question that Senator Schumer has posed to them is this:  Do you believe that our human activity has something to do with it?  Well, the scientific evidence is overwhelming again. Once we got into  the industrial age and starting spewing all of the smoke and chemicals  into the air, things started warming up on this planet Earth.   The third question that Senator Schumer has posed to the Republicans  is basically fundamental, as well: What  [[Page S1501]]  are you going to do about it? The answer is obvious. For the 4 years  the Republicans have been in control in the Senate, they have done  nothing--nothing. Now they have a President who has the United States  as the only country in the world--the only Nation on Earth--that has  withdrawn from the Paris accord, which tried to create a global  strategy to deal with climate change.   The President is enthralled by the notion that climate change is a  fallacy, a fiction, and so are the Senate Republicans. So any effort to  address this is socialism. Any idea that we should come together as a  nation and work toward a planet that our kids can live on is taking  away our freedom. Well, we know better.   Under President Obama, we started moving toward more fuel-efficient  cars and trucks. A gallon of gas is giving us more mileage because of  government policy. Well, I guess it took away the freedom of gas  guzzlers, but we can at least say we made a positive step forward, and  this administration is stepping backward, and they are doing it for the  fossil fuel industry--for oil and gas and coal interests. They are  coming to the floor and trying to get us into a fight, once again, over  socialism when we talk about government policies that would guide us in  the right direction for the future.    I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) is  necessarily absent.   