 Madam President, today in the Commerce Committee,  following an in-depth 18-month investigation to examine cultural and  systemic issues regarding abuse in the Olympic movement, Senator  Blumenthal and I introduced bipartisan legislation, the Empowering  Olympic and Amateur Athletes Act of 2019. It was accompanied by an  investigative report, findings, and, recommendations. I am pleased that  the Commerce Committee approved that legislation today. This marks a  significant step forward to improving the protections and  representations provided to our amateur athletes.   The subcommittee that I chair exercises jurisdiction over the U.S.  Olympic Committee and amateur sports at large, and I remain fully  committed to ensuring the health and safety of all American athletes.  Our Empowering Olympic and Amateur Athletes Act would enact reforms to  the U.S. Olympic system by strengthening legal liability and  accountability mechanisms, restoring a culture of putting athletes  first, and fortifying the independence and capacity of the U.S. Center  for Safe Sports.   Our investigation, which led to the foundation of the provisions in  this bill, included four subcommittee hearings, interviews with Olympic  athletes and survivors, and the retrieval of 70,000 pages of documents.  This was also made possible by the supportive leadership of the  committee--the chairman and ranking member, Senator Wicker and Senator  Cantwell--and the contributions of the committee staff, including the  contributions of my staff and those of former Chairman Thune and  Ranking Member Nelson.   Also, I want to take this moment to thank Mr. Grassley, the Senator  from Iowa and the chairman now of the Finance Committee. For a portion  of the time we were dealing with this issue, he was the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee. He, too, made contributions to our legislation,  and his continued leadership on this issue in general has helped to  move this bill forward and out of the committee today.   During our investigation, Senator Grassley indicated an interest in  working together to protect amateur athletes. After we introduced the  legislation, I am pleased we were able to include provisions from his  legislation that was just introduced yesterday here in the Senate.  Specifically, the substitute amendment included funding accountability  language for safe sports, clarification on mandatory reporting parties  related to child abuse, and new reporting requirements to improve  transparency. Senator Grassley was also successful in working with  Senator Peters to include whistleblower protection language in the bill  during today's markup.   Again, I thank Senator Grassley for his leadership and commitment to  the health and safety of our amateur athletes.   Additionally, there were thoughtful contributions to our  legislation--most recently, in the form of our substitute amendment-- from other members of the Commerce Committee, including Senator Gardner  of Colorado.   I also thank my colleague Senator Blumenthal, the ranking member of  the subcommittee, for his steadfast and ongoing support and leadership  that he has shown throughout this long process.   This investigation and legislative process started out as a  bipartisan effort to provide substantive policy protections to amateur  athletes and has remained as such. That bipartisanship has continued  and will continue to be prioritized as we push for timely consideration  of this legislation on the Senate floor.   Finally, I would be remiss not to express my sincere and humble  thanks to the survivors for their bravery in guiding our policymaking  with their testimonies and ongoing input throughout the process. Their  willingness to recount and relive their traumatic experiences played a  vital role in informing Congress as it seeks to address key reporting,  governance, and resource issues within the Olympic system. This  critical legislation would not have happened without their active  involvement.   I will never forget the question that was asked of me by one of the  survivors  [[Page S6536]]  as we were gathered together in the Russell Senate Office Building. The  question was this: Why was there more than one? It is a question we  would always hope to answer. There should never be a victim or survivor  of sexual abuse. And if there is one, there should never be a second.   The sad thing about this circumstance in which we found ourselves and  in which the athletes found themselves was that not only was there one,  but there were many more. We should be able to take that call--why was  there ever more than one?--and make certain that we do everything to  keep it from ever happening again.   I thank my colleagues in the Commerce Committee for their support on  this critical legislation. I look forward to working with the leader  and my Senate colleagues as we push to enact these necessary reforms.   I yield the floor.    I thank the Senator.   