 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Judy Chu) for the really extraordinary job and leadership that she  offered on this legislation.   For far too long, LGBTQ Americans have been denied equal treatment  under the Tax Code. Six years after the Supreme Court found it  unconstitutional to deny same-sex couples the full rights and  privileges of marriage, Congress has yet to rectify the consequences of  the Tax Code's discrimination against LGBTQ couples.   We must live up to our duty to govern in a manner such that everyone  is treated equally under the law, which is why I stand in support today  of this legislation.   Last month marked the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall riots.  Recognizing the deep historical importance of this event in a decades- long fight for equality, the PRIDE Act--which, by the way, passed the  Ways and Means Committee unanimously--seeks to end and correct  discriminatory practices in our tax system affecting LGBTQ community  members.   The PRIDE Act essentially clarifies that all Federal tax provisions  respecting marriage will apply to legally married same-sex couples by  removing gender language related to married couples from the Tax Code.   Additionally, this bill will reconcile discriminatory Federal  policies by ensuring fair tax treatment for those couples for every  year of their marriage. This is the way anybody is treated in the Tax  Code if they choose to take advantage of that deduction.   I take pride in hailing from Massachusetts, which was the first State  to legalize same-sex marriage. While Massachusetts has issued marriage  licenses to all couples since 2004, 15 years now, the Federal  Government has failed to recognize the full tenure of legal married  status for those couples who have been married since 2010.   The PRIDE Act extends to same-sex couples the opportunity to amend  their returns to reflect their marital status and claim the ensuing tax  benefits wrongfully denied to them before 2010.   So part of this is legislative, but part of this is also  clarification.   The changes in the bill state loudly and clearly that the Federal  Government respects the dignity and equality of all married couples,  regardless of gender or sexual orientation.   For this reason, Madam Speaker, it is my sincere wish that all of our  colleagues once again will join in supporting this legislation.   America's opinions have changed, and we would like the Tax Code to  reflect the changes that the American people have clearly led the way  on.   Madam Speaker, I thank Ms. Chu. This was really complicated work that  she began undertaking, but she also made it clear that this legislation  moves us closer to ensuring that our laws respect the dignity of all  Americans.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, that was carefully tailored, yes.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his friendly  inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of H.R. 397, the Rehabilitation for  Multiemployer Pensions Act, commonly referred to as the Butch Lewis  Act.   Contrary to what you have heard, Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan  bill. It has Republican sponsors. Peter King is about to speak next. At  different intervals, there have been up to 20 Republicans who have  signed on to this legislation.   This addresses a real problem that, for 2 years, Congress has talked  about and not moved on. For 2 years, we have worked on this. I sat on  the special commission for 2 years. It became a debating society rather  than an opportunity to act on a measured response to a crisis that is  now pending that could be averted by the work that we undertake today.  There are 200 bipartisan sponsors of this legislation in this House.   Ten million Americans participate in multiemployer plans, and about  1.3 million of them are in plans that are quickly running out of money.  And, yes, we have a plan.   These are American workers who planned for their retirement. Now,  after working for 30-plus years, they are facing financial uncertainty  at a time when they are often unable to return to the workforce.   It is worth noting that we have not arrived here because of  malfeasance or corruption. These are forces of the marketplace that  have caused this distortion.   When I heard the gentleman from South Dakota say earlier that this is  a bailout, this is not a bailout. This is a backstop.   Do you know what a bailout is? It is the savings and loan crisis.  That is a bailout.   Do you know what a bailout is? Wall Street. That is a bailout.   Do you know what a bailout is? When Enron made sure that the people  at the top of the corporation kept their money and that the people at  the bottom lost their pensions. That is a bailout.   We are talking about a sensible plan. As I have noted, I have worked  for almost 2 years to build within the Department of the Treasury an  opportunity for a super-administrator to help to nurse these plans back  to good health.   Rita Lewis is in this gallery today, and she is a beneficiary of the  Central States Pension Plan, which is the largest of the underfunded  multiemployer pension plans.   She and Butch Lewis did nothing wrong. They played by the rules,  precisely as we would ask people to do.   So then we hear that this is about union bosses. Then we hear that  this is about malfeasance. This is entirely about people who have been  circumspect in the manner in which they have treated their pension  plans.   She is looking at a significant cut in her pension after years of  hard work and when retirement is finally in sight. Many workers and  retirees have stories very similar to Mrs. Lewis'. These are real  people with a very real problem if Congress doesn't act.   The American people sent us here to address problems like  multiemployer pension plans, and the legislation before us today,  despite what anybody and everybody says, accomplishes that. It would  give millions of workers and retirees like those who have joined Mrs.  Lewis in the gallery today the security and the retirement that they  have worked and planned for in their golden years.   The Butch Lewis Act would allow pension plans to borrow money they  need to remain solvent--borrow, emphasis on ``borrow''--and continue to  provide retirement security for retirees and workers for decades to  come while the plan is nursed back to health.   Let me remind my colleagues: Plans that receive loans under this bill  are subject to numerous requirements and ample oversight. They are not  permitted to increase benefits or to reduce contributions, and loan  proceeds must be invested in conservative investments, grade-A  instruments. This is not a bailout. This is a loan program. It is a  commonsense solution. It is the  [[Page H7329]]  private sector coming together with public-sector opportunities to  address this crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I will have more to say about it when I close, and I  reserve the balance of my time.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. King), and I believe he is a Republican demonstrating that  this is a bipartisan piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Murphy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon  (Mr. Blumenauer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), the always erudite Congressman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Chicago, Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Higgins).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Judy Chu).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Suozzi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, we have heard repeatedly during the course of this  conversation and debate that somehow this is a bailout.   I even heard one speaker reference public pension plans. What has  that got to do with this?   The subject in front of us today is the multiemployer pension plan  system that is under duress through no fault of the individuals who  were supposed to receive the derived benefit on a date certain based  upon the contribution that they made.   Instead, we find ourselves in a position where the argument has  become that somehow this is a bailout of special interests.   This is a backstop of hardworking men and women who have set aside  prescribed numbers of dollars for the purpose of enjoying a period of  time in their lives that they have carefully planned for.   Now, let me draw attention to the following. For 2 years we have  worked on this legislation, and I know there are men and women of  goodwill on both sides who would like to find a solution.   But the truth is, this is the only plan in town. This is the only  plan that has been submitted, formally or informally, after 2 years of  planning and work and an exhaustive 1 year of a special commission that  came up with no solution to the multiemployer pension plan problem.    So, instead, we constructed, through a careful process, an  opportunity where everybody on the Ways and Means Committee was heard.   I have been around long enough to have a special regard for the  minority in a legislative institution. They get to be heard. They get  to offer amendments.   They offered those amendments. Now, I was prepared to accept a couple  of those amendments that I thought were actually pretty good, the  provision being that I attached to that, to accept the amendment, they  would have to vote for the legislation.   So I hope--and despite what we are hearing, by the way, that this  doesn't have a chance in the Senate----    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 1 minute.   The idea that we are hearing that this has no chance in the Senate, I  disagree with that. I disagree with that profoundly.   There is an opportunity, once this moves to the Senate, to at least  have something to negotiate with, the Butch Lewis Act.   And I think that there are men and women, again, in the Senate who  are prepared to act on this problem, largely because the contagion from  this plan will eventually make its way and leach into the PBGC.   The head of the PBGC, while not endorsing this specific plan, said to  me: Mr. Chairman, I am glad you are doing what you are doing because  you are going to invite further opportunities to address this problem,  short of, in the end, having to bail out the PBGC, which will happen if  we don't formally address the measure that is in front of us today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, might I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this has been edifying. There has been an opportunity  here for a full discussion about this impending problem that threatens  the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. This is an acknowledgment of  the threat that is before us.   There is one thing that we have in common today. Nobody doubts the  gravity of the situation that is in front of us. Nobody doubts just how  serious this is for financial markets going forward if we don't address  this issue, given the contagion that I referenced earlier that is  likely to occur in other pension plans across the country if we don't  address this issue forthwith.   When I hear people say we want to do this in a spirit of  bipartisanship, when? For 2 years, we talked about this, and finally,  there is a plan that the House is about to vote on in the next few  minutes. I am ever so hopeful and optimistic that we, in fact, are  going to be able to see the opportunity to pass this legislation and  get it over to the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   