 Madam President, I thank my colleague.   I agree with him. As both my colleagues here know and as my friends  across the aisle know, I strongly support the underlying legislation.   I think the legislation is needed right now. Unbelievably, if you are  in a small business, less than 50 percent of the workers have access to  retirement plans. Two-thirds of Americans think they will be in trouble  in retirement because they will not have enough money to take care of  their retirements. Do you know what? They are right to be worried, for  we have a huge problem in this country, and that is what the underlying  bill addresses. It helps small businesses in their ability to offer  plans, which is where most of the problem is in terms of there being a  lack of retirement savings and the peace of mind in retirement that all  of our constituents want.   The problem is that the legislation that came over from the House was  never considered here on the Senate floor. In fact, if you go back to  2016, when it was last considered, it was by the Committee on Finance.  So I think it is reasonable to say, yes, this underlying bill is good,  and I strongly support it, but let's have a little debate here on the  floor. We shouldn't be afraid of that.   Let me make a point. I support what my colleague from Pennsylvania  talked about in terms of the qualified improvement property, and I  support what my colleague from Texas said in terms of the 529 plans.  Yet we are not asking our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  support these amendments. I don't have an amendment in the mix, and we  are not asking them to support any of these amendments.   All we are asking is for them to allow for a process by which we can  have a vote on their amendments, whatever they are, that relate to  retirement and to tax policy--because this is a vehicle through which  we can talk about tax policy--and to vote on our provisions that my  colleague from Pennsylvania has laid out. Then let's see what happens.  That is how we are supposed to operate around here. This is supposed to  be the world's greatest deliberative body, and sometimes we find  ourselves so tied up in knots that we can't deliberate. We are just  asking for deliberation.   My hope is that this will work today--that we will actually open up  this process and allow for a vote on the SECURE Act, which is so  important. It came out of the House with a vote of 417 to 3. What an  incredibly bipartisan vote that was. Let's have a little discussion on  the floor about retirement policy and about tax policy. Let's vote and  let the chips fall where they may. Then let's actually send a bill to  the President that will help the people whom we all represent.    Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to  talk about something positive that is happening in Ohio with the help  of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.   The Army Corps is involved with some civic-minded community  volunteers in something that will help preserve our history in Ohio. It  wouldn't be happening but for the vision of the head of the Army Corps,  