 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute as in morning business.    Mr. President, yesterday, I came to the floor to speak  about the Green New Deal. I compared it to the New Deal of the 1930s.   I mentioned before that the New Deal of the 1930s is not something  that we ought to be emulating.   The National Recovery Administration of the 1930s was a key feature  of that New Deal. It was designed to eliminate competition, with  industry, government, and labor all working together.   The National Recovery Administration turned out hundreds of codes,  regulating every aspect of business. Small businesses struggled to  comply, job creation stalled, and prices stayed high.   When big business and big government get together to write  regulations, hard-working Americans suffer. You don't create jobs.   So I hope you will take a look at how complicated the Green New Deal  is, besides costing $93 trillion in the future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague from Iowa,  Senator Ernst, for organizing this opportunity for several of us in the  Senate to discuss the Green New Deal and to do it this week.   To put it mildly, the Green New Deal is ambitious. To frame it more  accurately, it is an unworkable, pie-in-the-sky attempt to reshape  every aspect of everyday Americans' lives.   First, let me say that I am proud of my record in successfully  advancing the availability and affordability of renewable energy. Many  have called me the father of the Wind Energy Incentives Act. I suppose  after--what?--probably 26 years, that makes me the grandfather of the  Wind Energy Incentives Act. My legislation sought to give this  alternative energy source the ability to compete against traditional,  finite energy sources. At that time, we never knew about fracking for  natural gas and for oil. We thought we were going to be completely  dependent upon Saudi Arabia for our energy. Now we know that is not  true, but back in 1992 and before, we did everything to think up every  alternative energy we could in order to be less dependent upon the  Saudis. One of those acts that I was involved in was wind energy.   The wind energy bill--now law--has been extremely successful. Iowa  supplies more than 35 percent of its own electricity from wind. We were  the first State in the country to generate more  [[Page S1681]]  than one-third of its electricity from wind. Wind energy employs  approximately 7,000 Iowans, and the nearly 3,000 wind turbines in Iowa  generate millions of dollars in economic activity. So I want to make it  very clear that I am speaking as someone who has a very successful  track record of advancing clean energy.   Think about what the Green New Deal is about. Presumably, they don't  know we have been this successful because the Green New Deal, on the  other hand, is nothing more than a grab bag of vague aspirations. In  fact, the Green New Deal was initially introduced in the House and  Senate by its authors as a nonbinding, symbolic resolution--in other  words, a lot of hot air. That means that even if it were to pass as  introduced, it would not become law. I am glad that Senate Majority  Leader McConnell reintroduced the text in a format that could become  law so we Senators could go on record as to whether we would want to  make this the policy of the United States.   It would be one thing if the policy and goals remained on topic-- namely, reducing pollution and cutting our Nation's carbon emissions.  Those are worthy goals. Yet the resolution reads like a utopian  manifesto that seeks to implement every liberal policy priority from  the past many decades.   We have seen extreme leftwing agendas that rely on the power of the  State and that usurp the role of individuals. How will those policies  turn out? We have plenty examples. Look at the former Soviet Union.  Look at Cuba over the last 60 years. Look at what has happened to  Venezuela in the last 15 years. It has gone from the richest country in  South America to a destitute country in which they die of malnutrition  and people can't get medicine. In more instances than in the three I  have just given you, these utopian ideas never turn out very well.   Sure, the Green New Deal includes goals that are related to energy  and the environment, but for the most part, they are wholly  unrealistic. For example, their calling for the upgrading of all  existing buildings or, in another statement, their meeting 100 percent  of the power demands of the United States through clean, renewable,  zero-emission energy sources--all within the next 10 years--is simply  not feasible.   Of course, no concrete proposals are put forward on how this is to be  achieved. The Green New Deal just leaves us scratching our heads  thinking about how all this would work.   There are a lot of questions. Would it require the government to  mandate that every building owner in the United States make costly  building improvements to meet national standards set here in  Washington, DC?   Another question is, would every homeowner have to submit to  government inspection to ensure that his or her home meets the  standards dictated by the government?   Another question is, what government expenditures would have to be  made, assuming all of this is even technologically possible, to go from  about 17 percent of U.S. electricity generation coming from renewables  today to a total 100 percent in 10 years?   The last question I will raise is, are the backers of the Green New  Deal willing to support nuclear energy as a means to reach their goal?  On this last point, I would conclude that a summary of the Green New  Deal initially put out by the chief author in the House suggests a lack  of support for nuclear energy.   As I have said before in my remarks today, I have been a leader on  renewable energy production for decades, not just wind, as I have said,  but geothermal, solar, biofuels, et cetera. So I am not just talking  about being the author of the wind energy production tax credit.   During my leadership of the Senate Finance Committee in the 2000s,  when I was chairman there, I oversaw the establishment, the  enhancement, and renewal of numerous tax incentives that promote  everything from wind and solar to renewable fuels like biodiesel, to  energy-efficient homes, buildings, and appliances.   Unlike the unrealistic goals of the Green New Deal, these initiatives  I just read are not only law, but they are real, proven, bipartisan  actions that I shepherded into law to make the United States more  energy independent and also, at the same time, improve our environment.  Unfortunately, many of these key energy incentives I just mentioned are  currently expired, and some of them have been expired for more than a  year.   We had a real opportunity to extend these energy incentives as part  of the appropriations deal reached earlier this month, but that was  ultimately blocked by House Democrats--probably some of the same people  who are promoting the Green New Deal. They seem overly focused on the  lofty goals of the Green New Deal or, as Speaker Pelosi called the  Green New Deal, ``The green dream or whatever they call it, no one  knows what it is.''   The House Democrats could not be bothered a month ago with extensions  of existing and successful provisions that incentivize the type of  investment they claim to have backed and not only tend to incentivize,  actually have incentivized alternative energy over the last two and  one-half decades--provisions that support millions of jobs for people  who are actually willing to work.   Perhaps this just shows that the Green New Deal is less about  tackling energy and environmental issues and more about remaking  America into a dreamy new progressive paradise.   No sector of the economy is left unchecked by the Green New Deal-- make no mistake about thinking otherwise. The authors of the Green New  Deal are intent on reshaping every aspect of American life through a  ``national, social, industrial, and economic mobilization,'' and those  last six words are in quotations.   Shaping American life through ``national, social, industrial, and  economic mobilization'' that is eerily reminiscent of the 5-year plans  of the former Soviet Union or of the Great Leap Forward under Chairman  Mao of China.   Even the family farmer is not spared from its grand plans. The Green  New Dealers want to remove what they call pollution and greenhouse gas  emissions in agriculture through sustainable farming and building a  more sustainable food system that ensures universal access to healthy  food. Now, I am not against farmers taking actions to prevent soil  erosion and minimizing pollution because we farmers do that already. We  have been doing it for decades.   The recently passed farm bill invests more in conservation programs  than any farm bill before. I trust that farmers know more and have more  common sense about how to take care of their land than some bureaucrat  in Washington, DC, or politicians from New York City. We all know  Washington, DC, is an island surrounded by reality. So you put forth  legislation like this, and it is just like 535 Members of Congress have  all the knowledge in the world to tell 310 million other people what  they ought to be doing.   I don't believe all those smarts rest in the Congress of the United  States or even the bureaucracy of this government. Over the last  several years, when it comes to farming, we have seen farmers readily  adopt the use of cover crops to prevent nutrient runoff and to  sequester carbon in the soil through what we call minimum or no  tillage.   Today farmers may go down as the first group in history to leave the  land better than they found it for future generations. Moreover, every  indication is that these calls for sustainable farming and a  sustainable food system go well beyond farmers being good stewards of  our natural resources. It appears to be intent on changing everything  from how we farm to what we farm.   A fact sheet released by the House author, shortly after  introduction, made this perfectly clear. It notes a desire--now, listen  to this--it notes a desire to rid the planet of methane gas-emitting  cows. In case the authors are unaware, all cows and all people emit  methane. It is part of the natural digestive process. The only way to  stop these emissions is to ban animal agriculture. That proposal  couldn't be more disconnected or out of touch with Americans.   That is what makes the taxpayers feel there is nobody in Washington,  DC, who has any common sense, but don't worry. According to the authors  of the Green New Deal in the House, ``It is not to say you get rid of  agriculture or force everybody to go vegan.'' This doesn't instill much  confidence in the  [[Page S1682]]  farmer about the real intentions behind the Green New Deal.   I am amazed by the scope of what the authors would have the  government impose on the American people.   I will end by noting that I am interested in working with my  colleagues on sensible policies to secure our energy independence and  improve our environment, but I fear this will not be possible as long  as my Democratic colleagues remain intent on handing over the country  to the government to remake it in Washington, DC's, image.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   