 Madam President, I want to first say thank you to my  colleagues, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senators Capito,  Portman, Jones, Kaine, Duckworth, Brown, Casey, Durbin, Warner, Sinema,  Van Hollen, and Reed, who have cosponsored this legislation with me,  for standing with me to protect coal miners' pensions and healthcare,  and specifically Senator Capito, who will be joining me here on the  floor today.   Yesterday marked the 51st anniversary of the Farmington No. 9  disaster, where 78 coal miners lost their lives in the Consolidation  Coal Company's No. 9 mine in Farmington, WV, which is my hometown. I  lost my uncle John Gouzd in that mine explosion, I lost my neighbor  John Sopuch, and I lost several of my classmates in that tragedy that  rocked my hometown. It seems like only yesterday.   I have always said that one life lost while on the job is one too  many. It  [[Page S6732]]  shouldn't happen. This tragedy shows the risk our coal miners take  every day to provide our country with the energy we need, which is why  I am here today.   When coal companies go bankrupt, coal miners' benefits are at the  bottom of the priority list, which is how we have ended up in this  situation today, and that is unacceptable. It should be unacceptable to  all of us.   The person who earns the wage should be on the front end of the line  when a bankruptcy happens, and whatever happens, they are taken care of  first. Time is running out for our coal miners. We need it fixed now-- not in a few weeks, not in 2020, but now. Year after year, our coal  miners risk their lives to bring America the energy needed to become  the world leader that we are today. Our coal miners made a commitment  to our country, and now, it is our turn to uphold the commitment we  made to them in 1946 by securing their hard-earned pensions in  healthcare.   Let me tell you about the coal that we have in our country and has  been mined by our hard-working coal miners since the beginning of the  20th century. That coal basically has fueled every war that we have  been in, helped us win every war, helped propel us to the industrial  might that we are today, built our factories. It has done everything  for us, and all we are doing now is trying to make sure that the people  that sacrificed all these years are taken care of.   We have 1,000 coal miners who will lose their healthcare coverage on  December 31 of this year, a little over a month from now. We also have  12,000 more coal miners who will lose their healthcare in March of next  year, and that is only 4 months away. This is an issue that must be  dealt with immediately, and time is running out. If you are one of  those 1,000 coal miners and one of your family members is depending on  their healthcare--probably life-supporting healthcare--and they are  thinking they are going to lose it at the end of this month, it is  unconscionable for us to walk out of here and not get this piece of  legislation down. With it being so bipartisan--having the majority  leader from Kentucky representing the coal miners of Kentucky--this is  something that needs to be done immediately, and I know that we can.   But if we don't pass this legislation to protect our miners, the UMWA  pension fund will be insolvent by this time next year. With the largest  privately owned coal company, Murray Energy, filing for bankruptcy 2  weeks ago, the timeline for the UMWA pension fund moved up 2 years. It  accelerated a basically exacerbating position that we were in to begin  with. Murray Energy, to date, has contributed over 97 percent of the  money going into the UMWA pension fund annually because of the size of  their company, which is why its bankruptcy has accelerated the  situation we are in today with the pension fund insolvency.   Once the UMWA pension fund would become insolvent if we don't do  something, this crisis will snowball and impact every other multi- employer pension fund in America. They will all start tumbling, along  with the PBGC, which is a federally funded pension guarantee. That is  why it is essential that we protect our coal miners' pensions now--not  next year or the year after that--which is why my colleagues and I  introduced the Bipartisan American Miners Act.   The Bipartisan American Miners Act would amend the current Surface  Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer funds in excess  of the amounts needed to be meet existing obligations under the  Abandoned Mine Land fund to the 1974 Pension Plan to prevent its  looming insolvency. It also raises the cap on these funds from $490  million to $750 million to ensure that there is sufficient funding for  those pension funds.   It also guarantees lifetime healthcare for the 13,000 individuals,  including the 1,000 scheduled to lose their healthcare on December 31  of this year, by amending the Coal Act to include 2018 and 2019  bankruptcies in the miners' healthcare fix that passed in 2017. The  funding for coal miners' pensions is already there. It just needs to be  reallocated. These actions will secure the pensions of 92,000 coal  miners and their families and protect healthcare benefits for 13,000  miners. That is our goal, and I am proud to be here fighting for these  miners today because they surely have fought for me and given me the  great country that I live in today.   These miners took home less pay every day from their paycheck with  the expectations that they will be able to retire and provide for their  families after working for decades for our country. They have paid what  they are trying to receive. It is not something they are asking for, a  handout. They are not asking for a Government handout or taxpayer  handout. They are just wanting the money that they invested and paid  into all of these years. It is money they did not take out.   Workers expect the wages they have contributed to be there when they  retire, as they were promised. If we pass the Bipartisan American  Miners Act as an amendment to the continuing resolution, we will  protect coal miners' pensions and healthcare now before it is too late.  The Bipartisan American Miners Act is ready to be voted on and has the  support from both sides of the aisles. I just read off a list of our  sponsors.   The Bipartisan American Miners Act is basically a piece of  legislation that needs to be done immediately. If we don't pass it now,  1,000 miners, as I said before, will lose their healthcare on December  31. Healthcare benefits will be terminated, as we talked about, and  then by early September 2020, the pension benefits of 82,000 current  pensioners and 10,000 future pensioners could be drastically reduced  because of the plan's insolvency.   I want to remind you also that the average pension of a coal miner is  less than $600 a month. Most of these are widows. Their husbands have  passed on, and they are living on this as a subsistence basically for  their income. It would be tremendously harmful for them not to be able  to receive this.   I believe that we can and will pass this legislation before it is too  late for these miners as an amendment to the CR. That is all we are  asking for. It must be done before and no later than December 20. I am  trying to get this on now so that we can move forward.   Can you imagine being one of the 1,000 coal miners, maybe having one  of your loved ones--your wife or one of your children--who has a  serious illness and needs attention and knowing they are not going to  be able to get attention basically to any healthcare after December 31,  so put yourself in their shoes.   These are the families that deserve the peace of mind knowing that  their pensions are going to be paid and their paycheck--that they did  not take the money home--is going to be secure. We can give them peace  of mind today. I look forward to passing this legislation with all of  my colleagues. It is bipartisan. This is the first time we have had  something of this magnitude being done in a bipartisan way. The good  Lord knows we need more bipartisan efforts to work for the people.   If we are going to stand for the working men and women that made  America, what is our purpose of being here, and who do we stand for? So  I am asking all of you, please, with the urgency that is needed, please  take up this piece of legislation. Please take up this amendment to the  CR, and let's take care of the people that helped make America as great  as we are today, the coal miners of the United Mine Workers of America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Peter  Stahley and Jordan Kahn, two legislative fellows of my staff, are  granted privileges of the floor for the 116th Congress.   