 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  remarks. She alluded to a number of reforms to our legal immigration  process, and yes, I stand ready to work with the gentlewoman on those  issues, but none of the legal reforms that are necessary to balance  this legislation are in this bill.   In fact, this bill is called the American Dream and Promise Act, but  if we are looking for reforms that will secure our border, we are  dreaming. The only promise being kept is the promise to put people who  are here illegally ahead of legal immigrants in line for citizenship.  It is a grave disappointment and a violation of this document, the  Constitution of the United States.   The American people might think, when tuning in, hey, great, we are  finally addressing immigration, so maybe we will find a way to secure  our borders. But this bill has no language to secure our borders, no  language to build the wall, no language to help children and families  in terrible conditions at the border, no language to reform our asylum  programs or our visa programs to make them more efficient, and no  language to stop the thousands of caravans of illegals crossing over  the border, over 5,000 each and every day.   Instead, it does the exact opposite. It incentivizes illegal  immigration. It incentivizes the dangerous journey that these families  are taking.   We have heard a lot from the other side about individuals here  illegally who are achieving, but we can cite every individual who is  currently facing enormous danger, children facing enormous danger on  this journey to the border, one in three women who are facing sexual  assault on this journey to the border, families right now who are  deciding whether or not to put their children at risk of death by  marching up to the United States because they are hoping that there is  an incentivized program like this in place when they get here.   We need to take action to control our border. We will never stop the  flow of illegal immigration coming into this country until we get  serious about securing the border and until we follow through on the  enforcement mechanisms that Congress has and continues to put in place.  Until we do that, human trafficking, drug smuggling, and cartels will  continue to thrive.   This bill is unfair to immigrants who have obeyed the law to enter  our country legally. America welcomes all who are coming to our Nation  who respect the rule of law and want to contribute to our society.  Unfortunately, they will be left to wait while USCIS attempts to  process the millions of applications that today's legislation would  authorize.   It creates a system that is ripe for fraud and abuse. It includes a  laundry list of unverifiable documents that can be used to obtain green  cards.   Mr. Speaker, there is nothing in this legislation that fixes what is  wrong with our immigration laws. This is the wrong way to go. I hope  that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will quit playing  politics with people's lives and work with this side of the aisle to  fix our broken immigration system and replace it with a system based on  merit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this amendment will not kill the bill or send  it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to  final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, the American people are sympathetic, forgiving, and  reasonable people. They understand the idea of providing some type of  certainty and stability for the approximately 700,000 DACA-eligible  recipients who were brought to the United States by their parents at a  young age and who otherwise have played by the rules while growing up  in this country.   Mr. Speaker, what they don't understand is providing green cards and  a path to citizenship for violent gang members, national security  threats, and those who, through their disdain for our laws, thumb their  noses at Lady Liberty and the Constitution of the United States.   They definitely don't understand why this bill treats men and women  at the Department of Homeland Security like they are the dangerous  ones, preventing them from receiving and utilizing readily available  information in order to remove gang members, national security threats,  and other public safety threats from our country to keep our families,  our communities, and our Nation safe.   This motion to recommit simply says that if an alien has been  designated a danger to Americans, then they don't deserve to become an  American.   It provides that aliens whose applications are denied on the basis of  criminal activity, national security risks, or as violent gang members  are automatically referred to the Department of Homeland Security for a  determination of removability from the United States.   Under this bill, information about criminal activity provided in an  application for a green card may not be used for the purpose of  immigration enforcement, even if the application is denied or  withdrawn.   In practice, this means that, if an applicant has a murder conviction  or if the applicant is a gang member and DHS knows about it because of  the application, they can't refer that person for removal. It is just  wrong.   The perverse and practical effect of H.R. 6 is that criminal aliens,  gang members, terrorist threats, and other public safety threats who  could be denied a green card will simply stay in this country, as if we  are simply a sanctuary nation.   Mr. Speaker, some cities might want to be sanctuary cities, but most  Americans want safety from crime, not sanctuary for criminals.   This MTR also does not affect the stay of removal provisions in H.R.  6 or the provisions relating to finality of adjudication in the bill.  Thus, the alien cannot be removed until they have exhausted their  appeals and received a final decision on their application.   If Democrats see fit to exclude criminals, national security risks,  public  [[Page H4293]]  safety risks, and gang members from receiving green cards, then they  should vote for this motion to recommit to ensure those dangerous  aliens are also denied a safe haven in the United States.   I am sure most of the individuals who will take advantage of the  provisions in this bill respect the U.S. Constitution and obey the laws  of this Nation, but history has proven that criminal aliens, gang  members, terrorists, and other public safety threats apply for  immigration benefits all the time. If they didn't, we wouldn't have to  have section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, which makes  such aliens inadmissible.   Even under DACA, under President Obama's program, criminals have  applied. In fact, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration  Services, almost 8 percent of total DACA requesters, 59,786  individuals, had arrest records, which included such offenses as  assault and battery, rape, murder, and drunk driving. And 199  individuals who requested DACA had 10 or more arrests.   H.R. 6 also provides green cards to gang members. Criminal gangs are  a scourge on our communities, preying on vulnerable populations while  committing a vast array of criminal acts.   H.R. 6 should not give gang members a foothold in the U.S. by fast- tracking them to a green card.   This MTR makes it easier for DHS to deny the applications of gang  members by making it an eligibility requirement that an alien is not a  gang member and by explicitly permitting DHS to take into account the  information found in gang databases.   Hear me clearly: No matter what Democratic colleagues may say in the  next few minutes, if Members don't vote for this MTR, they cannot look  their constituents in the eye and honestly say that criminals will not  get green cards.   If the Democrats want to prevent such dangerous individuals from  getting green cards, they must vote for this MTR. To do otherwise is to  prevent a commonsense change that will ensure the safety of law-abiding  Americans, as well as those who are seeking to be part of the greatest  nation on Earth, the United States of America.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   