 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues  from New York, Lee Zeldin, Mr. Rose, Mr. King, Mrs. Maloney, and Mr.  Nadler, for holding this Special Order tonight. I am proud to join my  colleagues in this fight to reauthorize the September 11 Victim  Compensation Fund to ensure that our 9/11 survivors and their families  have the resources and the support to which they are owed.   As my colleagues can attest, we lost some amazing human beings on  that day: firefighters, police officers, EMTs, medics, mothers,  fathers, sons, and daughters.   Victor Saracini, a resident of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, a  constituent in my district, was the captain and pilot of United  Airlines Flight 175 which our entire country and the entire world  witnessed fly into the south tower.   While 9/11 shattered many preconceived notions we have had, it  strengthened our collective American identity. Our Nation emerged from  that day stronger because of the bravery and selflessness of the heroes  who risked and, in many cases, lost their lives to save people they  didn't know and had never met.   Their sacrifice has come at a tremendous cost. In over 17 years since  that fateful day, nearly 10,000 people have suffered from cancers  induced by breathing in toxic dust at Ground Zero, dust that included  thousands of contaminants, including lead and mercury.  [[Page H2576]]    Madam Speaker, in just one statistic on how this problem is still  prevalent, the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial reported that  15 police officers died in 2018 from 9/11-related illnesses, 15 just  last year alone. This problem is pervasive, and this problem is  persistent. It is incumbent upon the Federal Government to stand up and  defend those who defended us. The September 11 Victim Compensation Fund  must be reauthorized immediately. It is a moral obligation of this  body. It simply cannot wait.   Again, I want to thank the members of the New York delegation for  holding this Special Order and for giving me the opportunity to express  my gratitude for the heroes and their families and the need to  reauthorize this fund. I second my colleagues' sentiment tonight. This  is a moral obligation of this House. We must get this done, and we must  get it done immediately.   I want to thank Mr. Zeldin for representing the Problem Solvers  Caucus tonight. In recognizing Josh Gottheimer, I wanted to say to my  colleague, Max Rose and I are going to be testing a new rule that we  put into place, and we are going to get to 290 cosponsors come hell or  high water. We will get there which will force that matter on to this  floor. It will pass. It will pass overwhelmingly, and we will get this  done for the 9/11 victims and their families.   