 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I want to recognize the hard work of my colleague from California,  Chairwoman Maxine Waters, on the underlying bill and the outstanding  effort of the gentlewoman's entire committee to bring this bill to the  floor.   The Export-Import Bank plays an important role in helping U.S.  businesses maintain and expand their presence in the global economy,  increasing exports and creating jobs at no expense to American  taxpayers.   Ninety percent of customers supported by the Export-Import Bank are  small businesses, not counting the tens of thousands of companies in  the supply chain of larger exporters.   The Export-Import Bank helps create a level playing field for  American businesses by countering more than 100 foreign export credit  agencies. China alone provides $130 billion in financing to bolster its  exports.   Without Ex-Im, U.S. companies and workers will be left at a  significant disadvantage when facing foreign competitors and will  struggle to enter competitive markets. This diminishes both our  economic and national security.   The underlying bill reauthorizes the Bank for 10 years, increases the  agency's lending capacity to $175 billion, and gives U.S. companies the  tools they need to have a fair shot in today's increasingly competitive  trade environment.   Mr. Chairman, H.R. 4863 also makes workforce and supplier diversity a  priority by establishing an Office of Minority and Women Inclusion at  the agency. A diverse workforce and an inclusive workplace have been  shown to enhance financial performance and the ability to accomplish  the mission. However, there continues to be a trend of low  representation of minorities and women in the financial services  industry and disparities in access to credit, capital, and banking.   Chairwoman Waters was one of the original authors of a section of the  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act that created an Office of Minority  and Women Inclusion at most Federal financial service agencies. Now,  the new Export Finance Agency will have such an office as well. These  offices have the important responsibilities of overseeing all diversity  matters in management, employment, business activities, and  procurement.   My amendment would build on the existing model by requiring the  agency to offer inclusion and diversity training to ensure employees  understand the specific challenges facing minority- and women-owned  businesses. This will allow for the agency to adopt the best and most  up-to-date processes and practices to ensure we are increasing  contracting opportunities and services available to minority-owned and  women-owned businesses.   Women- and minority-owned business exporters is one the fastest  growing market segments, and my amendment will help more of these firms  turn export opportunities into real sales that will maintain and create  American jobs.  [[Page H8888]]    Now, more than ever, we must work together to ensure that there are  diverse perspectives at the table and that these historically  disadvantaged businesses have the opportunity to grow and be  successful.   I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   