 Mr. Chair, today, I will vote in support of H.R. 3, the  Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   Because of pharmaceutical companies' price gouging, Americans pay  more out-of-pocket for prescription drugs than individuals in any other  country. Americans need lower drug prices now, and Congress has the  ability to enact important reforms to deliver immediate relief.   I believe H.R. 3 takes some important first steps towards delivering  that relief and towards improving the health and financial security of  American seniors and families.   In particular, I am strongly supportive of provisions that will lower  out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for Medicare Part D  beneficiaries. The legislation also limits price increases under  Medicare Part Band D by creating an inflation rebate. Specifically, if  a drug company raises the price of a drug in Part B or D above the 2016  rate of inflation, the company must lower the price or be required to  pay the entire price above inflation in the form of a rebate back to  the Treasury.   After strong pushback from myself and other progressive members, I am  pleased that House leadership restored language designed to prevent  pharmaceutical price-gouging for upwards of 150 million Americans with  private health care plans and increased the minimum number of drugs  that must be negotiated per year from 25 to 50.   While I believe these provisions will ultimately deliver relief to  millions of Americans, I believe Congress can and must do more to  combat rising drug prices and price-gouging pharmaceutical companies.   Currently, pharmaceutical companies charge outrageous prices because  there is no adequate law to prevent drug companies from reaping massive  profits with drugs developed on the taxpayer's dime.   To combat this ridiculous practice, I introduced H.R. 4640, the  Affordable Drug Pricing for Taxpayer-Funded Prescription Drugs Act,  which would end price gouging on prescription drugs developed with  taxpayer-funded research by requiring federal agencies and federally- funded non-profits to secure affordable pricing agreements from drug  manufacturers before granting them exclusive rights to develop drugs or  other health care products. Americans should not pay to develop a drug  only to see it put on the shelves in the U.S. at a much higher price  than other nations.   I partnered with Rep. Doggett to offer an amendment to H.R. 3 that is  similar to my legislation. While the amendment was not made in order, I  will continue to push House leadership for full consideration of H.R.  4640.   Beyond this, I am a strong supporter of the Prescription Drug Price  Relief Act, which would require the Secretary of Health and Human  Services (HHS) to make sure that Americans don't pay more for  prescription drugs than the median price of: Canada, the United  Kingdom, France, Germany, and Japan. If pharmaceutical manufacturers  refuse to negotiate, HHS would be required to approve cheaper generic  versions of those drugs, regardless of any prior patents or market  exclusivities. If Congress were to enact this legislation, prices of  most brand name drugs would be significantly reduced.   Furthermore, uninsured patients should have access to negotiated  prices under H.R. 3. That's why I supported an amendment that would  have guaranteed that any negotiated price savings could have been  accessed by the most vulnerable in our country, those who lack health  insurance. Unfortunately, this amendment was not included in the final  bill, meaning uninsured patients will continue to face the highest  price at the pharmacy counter--pharmaceutical companies' list price.   I am also disappointed that an amendment I supported to allow the  federal government to negotiate prescription drug prices for Medicare  Part D was not made in order.   In 2003, the House Republican majority passed Medicare Part D. While  I have consistently been a leader in the fight to lower drug prices for  seniors, I opposed this legislation because it included a provision  that prevents the federal government from negotiating better  prescription drug prices for Medicare recipients. This means that drug  companies are free to charge Medicare recipients higher prices, more  than anyone else in the world. This is unacceptable.   The amendment offered to H.R. 3 would have authorized the federal  government to negotiate prescription drug prices for Medicare Part D,  and if drug companies refuse to negotiate, this legislation would  enable the federal government to issue a competitive license to another  company to produce the medication as a generic. The bottom line is that  seniors shouldn't have to ration their pills or limit their dosage  because they can't afford to pay for prescriptions each month.   