 Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of Senator Carper  and Senator Wyden and all the members of the tax-writing committee with  Senator Stabenow. I believe a couple more Senators will join us--I  believe Senators Cardin and Cantwell.   Thanks for the work you do, Senator Stabenow, on this issue and so  many others.   We all know now what the Trump tax scam did. We know it was a  giveaway to the richest people in the country. It was a $1.5 trillion  tax cut. Seventy percent of it went to the wealthiest people in the  country. We know that. We pretty much knew that in the beginning. We  know the President said all kinds of things--one lie after another-- about it.   I want to tell two stories. One of them is from when I was at the  White House with the President and half a dozen other Senators sitting  in the President's Cabinet Room when he was talking about the tax bill.  He said to me and to other Senators that every American will get at  least $4,000 more in their paycheck--at least. I guess he meant people  in Gallipolis and Ironton, OH, and Portsmouth and Cleveland and  Lansing, MI, and Kalamazoo and everywhere else. He said everybody was  going to get $4,000. That is what he said when the bill was being  written. When he signed it, he said everybody was going to start seeing  a lot more money in their paychecks. Well, he lied. No surprise there-- he always does that. He lies about a lot of things. But I particularly  take it personally when he lies about something like that; when voters  in Lima and Piqua, OH, don't get what he promised them; when citizens  and workers just don't get the help.   At the same time, when I was at that meeting, I went up to the  President. I had in my hand a bill I was working on called the Patriot  Corporation Act. I went up to the President after the meeting. I had  mentioned it during the meeting, and then I walked up to him and said:  Mr. President, this is the Patriot Corporation Act. I want you to  consider this.   Unlike the bill we were looking at, which gave tax cuts to all kinds  of corporations and all kinds of the wealthiest people in this country,  the Patriot Corporation Act was simple. The Patriot Corporation Act  said: If you pay your workers a decent wage; if you provide adequate  benefits--health and retirement--to your workers; and if you are in  manufacturing and you do your production in the United States, then you  will get a break on your taxes. So if you do things right as an  employer--decent wages, decent benefits, do your production in the  United States--you get a lower tax rate. But if you don't, if you pay  low wages or outsource jobs, you pay something called the corporate  freeloader fee.   This is because so many companies in this country--they might be  retail outlets, whatever these companies are--pay $8 or $10 or $12 an  hour, and their workers are eligible for Medicaid, food stamps, Section  8 housing, and, basically, those companies are subsidized by taxpayers.  So why not have a tax system where corporations that do the right thing  get a lower tax rate, and corporations that rely on the government to  fund them--food stamps, the earned income tax credit, Medicaid, and all  of that--those corporations ought to pay a corporate freeloader fee to  the government.   That is the first story. The second story I wanted to tell you  about--the three of us right here in this room right now, Senator  Cardin and Senator Stabenow and I, were in the midst of this--when this  tax bill was written, it was written in the Senate Finance Committee.  You know, when we do things in the Senate, we do these things out in  public--in the Senate Finance Committee--but we know that much of the  work is done in Senator McConnell's office down the hall. That is where  the corporate lobbyists who want these big tax cuts line up.   We were doing our public meeting in the Senate Finance Committee, and  they were in such a hurry to pass this bill. We worked way into the  night, which we are all fine with doing, but the next day we worked,  they were moving so fast that we would get an amendment that would be  handwritten in not very good writing, and it would be added to the  bill, and we really didn't know exactly what we were voting on. They  didn't want to give us time to do it.   The people who run this place--Senator McConnell and the special  interest lobbyists who line up down the hall--know that if they can  operate and people can't understand what they are doing--they will work  all night sometimes. They will do things by hand instead of actual  legible writing so that we end up with the kind of confusion that came  out of that. Well, you know what happened, Mr. President. There were  all kinds of mistakes in this bill, and the President signed it. We  didn't know what the mistakes were, but then we found out.   Now Republicans are coming back and they want us to clean up this  mess. Well, cleaning up the mess means more corporate tax breaks, more  giveaways to corporate America, and more help for the richest 1 percent  in this country.   We are saying: We want to fix the technical mistakes you made when  you hurried through this bill. We want to do that. We all voted against  the bill because it was a corporate giveaway and a giveaway to the  rich. We want to fix this so the Tax Code actually reads right and  there won't be all these court cases regarding it. But if we are going  to do that, you are going to give some tax breaks to middle-class  families, and you are going to pass legislation expanding the earned  income tax credit and the child tax credit.   We have simply said to the President and to the Republican majority  that writes these bills that we will work with you. We want to do that,  but you are not going to hurt middle-class and working-class taxpayers  again. You are going to expand the earned income tax credit, take care  of electric vehicles and the kinds of issues we want to do there, but  fundamentally you are going to help low-income and moderate-income  children whose parents work just as hard as any Senators work but don't  have much to say for it.   Again, it comes down to, whose side are you on? Are you going to  stand  [[Page S6965]]  with workers, or are you going to stand with corporations? Do you fight  for Wall Street, or do you fight for the dignity of work? If you love  this country, you fight for the people who make it work. The President  promised to fight for American workers. He betrayed American workers,  as he has betrayed American workers on minimum wage and overtime and  trade deals. He has betrayed workers over and over again. He broke that  promise he made.   It is important that we fix it and we fix it for the broad middle  class in this country.   I yield the floor.   