 Mr. President, I appreciate the remembrances of D-Day from  Senator Blunt, the distinguished senior Senator from Missouri.   It is always memorable attending D-Day events. The first one I went  to--and you just spoke of the distinguished Kansan, Dwight Eisenhower-- was with Robert Dole for the 40th anniversary. President Reagan asked  the two of us to represent him in Italy when we first landed, while  President Reagan went to Normandy. Subsequently, I went with a  delegation with President Clinton and then with President George W.  Bush, and, lastly, with President Obama. I found the experience  overwhelming each time.   Last year--it was actually on my birthday--Dick Shelby and I were  there and laid a wreath in Normandy. Nobody can walk by there--first,  seeing all the graves and realizing that they are only some of the  remains--and then walking to the cliffs and looking down, and not  wonder how anybody could have had the courage to face such withering  fire. For some who survived, it seemed like the enemy was using a paint  brush and just wiping people out. You would see them falling all  around.   A well-respected doctor from our home town in Montpelier had never  talked about it. On the 50th anniversary we asked him if he would join  us there. He is not a wealthy man. He treated a lot of the poor Italian  immigrants for nothing. My mother was a first generation Italian  American, and she always talked with him. She and my father and others  raised money for him to go, and after that for the first time he could  talk about it.  [[Page S3240]]    He came back and talked about it. He was a medic and a little guy. He  went off the boat with all of his gear and just sank. He would have  drowned, but somebody pulled him up and brought him to the shore. He  turned to say thank you, and the man who rescued him was shot dead.   He refused to leave the beach. He just treated one person after  another, and his story is not unusual. So many did that. So I thank my  friend from Missouri for what he said.   