 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 345, a  resolution to recognize the central importance of press freedom in a  democratic society and calling attention to threats to press freedom  around the globe.   I am proud to sponsor this bipartisan legislation, which I introduced  with my colleague, Congressman   Steve Chabot, with whom I co-chair the  Press Freedom Caucus. I thank, as well, Mr. Engel and Ranking Member  McCaul for moving forward this resolution.   Every day, journalists around the world bring forward vital  information and stories, sometimes from behind the curtain of the  world's most repressive regimes and amid war zones. Journalists expose  corruption, malfeasance, and abuse that the wealthy and powerful may  seek to conceal. For that, they face harassment, threats, persecution,  assaults, and even death.   The purpose of this resolution today is to call attention to those  threats and to make clear that Congress supports press freedoms here  and around the world.   Recent years have been some of the most dangerous and deadly in  memory for journalists. As we confront a rising tide of  authoritarianism around the world, threats to press freedom are  proliferating in many countries from repressive governments. Elsewhere,  inadequate security and a lack of accountability have made journalists  vulnerable to criminal or terrorist actors.   The resolution before the House today lists just a small sample of  the cases in which journalists around the world have been killed or  imprisoned for their work. I would like to speak to just a few of these  cases and those that have occurred in the short months since the  resolution's introduction.   Among them, of course, is the case of Jamal Khashoggi, the Saudi  human rights advocate, U.S. resident, and Washington Post columnist who  last year was brutally murdered and dismembered at the orders of the  highest reaches of the Saudi Government.   Jamal's murder has been a rallying cry of sorts, but it stands alone  in the worldwide attention it has received. All the same, it is  tragically far from unique.   Fewer are aware of the cases involving Loujain Al-Hathloul, Nouf  Abdulaziz, and Eman Al-Nafjan, three Saudi women who wrote critically  of the kingdom's treatment of women and who have been imprisoned for  more than a year; or of the acute threat to journalists in the  Philippines where the regime of Rodrigo Duterte has attacked  independent media with a campaign of judicial harassment and  investigation, including the online media outlet Rappler lead and its  editor, Maria Ressa; or in China, where authorities target independent  and foreign media for harassment and detention, including the labor  reporter Wei  [[Page H5796]]  Zhili, who was arrested in March. Authorities also block American-based  journalists and others who have sought to report on human rights  violations and mass detention of Uighurs in Xinjiang province.   Turkey has become the leading jailer of journalists under the rule of  President Erdogan, where, just last month, Turkish authorities charged  two Bloomberg journalists who reported on the economic crisis in Turkey  with undermining the Turkish economy and sought to imprison them.   In Iran, economics reporter Marzieh Amiri was arrested covering May  Day demonstrations and has been held since, with little information  about her well-being or the status of the charges against her.   In Mexico, reporters can pay with their lives for reporting on the  crimes of drug cartels or corrupt local officials, including  investigative journalists like Carlos Rodriguez, who was murdered in  front of his family, or, more recently, Norma Sarabia, who was murdered  in her home in Tabasco state and whose killers remain at large.   Of course, many Americans are all too well aware of the case of  Austin Tice, an American working as an independent journalist in Syria  who was kidnapped by forces aligned with the Syrian regime in 2012 and  today is believed to still remain a hostage nearly 7 years later. We  continue to do all we can to obtain information about his whereabouts  and to secure his safe return.    Mr. Speaker, today, by passing this legislation, the House can send a  message to journalists who face persecution for their work that we  stand with them and value their contributions. For those who seek to  intimidate and silence them, we send the message that we are watching.   The voice of people seeking justice cannot be silenced forever. We  will stand strongly with all those around the world fighting for  accountability and truth.   