 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. I thank  him for his words, and I thank the Speaker.   We lost more than just a Member of Congress when we lost Elijah  Cummings. As the Speaker spoke of his life, she talked about him  bringing calmness. I want you to reflect for one moment, when have you  ever served in this body that we have been this calm and this quiet and  this reflective? Elijah's work is still good with us right now.   Chairman Cummings had enormous presence. As many times he would be an  adversary, he was a respected adversary because he was tough. He had  such a presence on this side of the aisle and an impression that, when  we would sit inside our steering committee--and maybe I am breaking the  rule; we are never supposed to talk about what we say in there. When we  would select a chair or a ranking member, this is the one committee we  weighed who we went against.   And every time we spoke of selecting an individual who can rise to  the occasion, to be in debate with him, we would look for somebody who  was strong. And every time someone was selected, they would come back  to be a very best friend of Elijah Cummings.   It is a tough committee. It is a committee of accountability. It is a  committee of debate. I can't tell you how many friends would call me  and be in fear because they got a letter from Cummings. But he was a  man of fairness.   You will know this because, in committees, at times, you have these  debates. But when you are sitting as a chair and ranking member, what  we would talk about is Elijah would share with us the life lessons, you  know what he would say privately to the chair or the ranking member on  the other side, what he would say to   Jim Jordan, what he would say to  Trey Gowdy.   Trey shared with me today, he never stopped talking, even though he  left Congress.   Jim Jordan shared with me today that he was talking to Elijah just  last week about committee business.   Trey talked about a story.   Trey was pretty tough on one person. And Trey is good; that  prosecutor in him can get to the point. Elijah turned to him and said:  She is not a government employee. She has a family, and she has  children. You can be a little softer next time.   And that hit on his heart.   And what I fear in the world today, that when they look at us, they  get this persona through cameras and social media, but it doesn't show  our character. We are the only ones who get the window into one  another's character of how we act. We are the ones who should share the  message.   Because he was so strong in his beliefs, I am afraid some people in  America won't know what type of character he actually had, not as a  Member of Congress and not as a political figure, but as a person,  because that is how I knew Elijah. He was a fighter. So many times in  his life people told him no, and he would say, yes, he could.   He was a leader, but not in the sense that America probably thinks as  a Member of Congress. His entire life he wanted to overturn racial  injustice.   A Member shared with me the first time he got to know him was on a  codel down in Mexico. Most of the people on the bus were asleep because  it was one of those long trips, and Elijah sat and talked to him. This  Member was from the South, and he talked about how his grandparents  were there, but his grandparents moved him away  [[Page H8224]]  because they felt he would have a better chance just because of the  color of his skin, that he would get a better education.    Elijah was not upset by that. He felt this country gave him the  opportunity. That is why he wanted to serve.   So, all those who are here, it was an honor, a fortune, and a  privilege to know him. If you are a freshman, I hope you took a few  moments with him, because it didn't matter if you were a chair or a  ranking member or if you were a Republican or a Democrat, he would  spend that time with you.   I feel I am better for having known him, and I want you to know, from  this side of the aisle, no matter how hard of a debate we were in, I  have only heard respect for how he carried out the business. We  respected him because he was good. We respected him because he beat us  many times. We respected him because of what he fought for, he believed  in.   Our deepest prayers go to Maya, because in those life lessons and in  that window that we get to see, it is not the easiest to have a family  in these jobs. We have a lot of things pulled on us, but we knew where  his heart stood, where his family mattered, and what he continued to  believe in.   So, yes, today we lost more than just a Member, but I hope as the  days progress, as the times change and our debate gets heated again,  that we reflect on this moment of calmness, reflect on this moment of  thinking of one another, and we reflect on the idea that, yes,  television may give us a different persona of who we are, but, yes, you  and I get to see the window of the character within each and every one  of us. I think that is what Elijah would want us to do.   So in his honor, let's find that tomorrow will be better than today  and that this calmness will last longer than the next vote.   