 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the first tax filing season under President  Trump's mess of a tax law is upon us, and it looks like a whole lot of  chickens are coming home to roost.   Republicans jammed their tax bill through Congress at record speed-- pile driver legislating. The Trump tax bill was signed into law with a  whopping 9 days to go before the 2018 tax year was set to begin, and  after all of that land speed record timing, there were bound to be  serious problems. There is a big one now that lots of Americans are  reportedly waking up to, and they are  [[Page S1111]]  waking up now that the tax filing season has arrived. The big tax  refunds that Americans have gotten used to could be goners now that  Trump's tax changes are the law of the land and many Americans might  owe the government money.   As the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, I am very  troubled about the prospect of what is ahead, and I want to lay out my  concerns. Here is what this is all about.   Most Americans have their taxes withheld from each paycheck, and the  Treasury redoes the math on withholding every year. Obviously, the math  gets more complicated when Congress passes legislation like President  Trump's tax law, which, in effect, triggers a tax policy earthquake.  The outcome of these decisions about how much to take out of  everybody's paycheck is clearly going to have a big impact.   Here is where it looks like things went wrong, where it looks like  the Trump team decided to score short-term political wins instead of to  protect Americans from financial harm.   In election year 2018, the Trump Treasury Department had a shiny, new  tax law on its hands, and there is no question it wanted it to impress.  It sure looks like, back in December 2017, the Trump administration  decided to put politics first--to lowball the estimates of how much tax  should be withheld from everybody's paycheck and lure Americans into a  false sense of security that they had gotten big tax cuts that were  courtesy of Donald Trump.   The prospect of the Trump administration's buying American taxpayers  off with their own money is what you are talking about here. It is as  if the Trump administration figured, when the other shoe dropped and  people were to be hit with penalties for underpayment, well, it would  be springtime 2019, and the 2018 election would be behind us. It could  cause a lot of hurt this spring when people who typically get big  refunds suddenly learn that they owe the government a check. Americans,  understandably, want their taxes to be simple and straightforward and  routine. Whether it is a few hundred or a few thousand dollars, you can  understand why people would count on getting refunds when they have  gotten the same amount back for years and years.   I have talked to folks all over my State about this. I have townhall  meetings in every county--90 minutes, open to everybody. I don't give  any speeches. I am just there to let people tell me what their takes  are with respect to what is going on back here and what they think we  ought to be doing. Oregonians are asking about the issue of whether or  not they are going to owe money. The first thing they say is that it is  their money, that these are refunds on taxes that have been taken out  of their paychecks. We are talking about middle-class folks, working  families, who use their refunds to pay the bills, to help cover tuition  for a child, or to put a downpayment on a new car one has been needing  for ages.   Here is the truth. The Trump administration did not need to put  anybody in this situation. It had the option of delaying these  withholding changes by a year to make sure nobody took a hit.   While it was making this decision in January of 2018--just days after  the law was enacted--the Democrats in this body and in the other body  were sounding the alarm on what sort of danger was possible this  spring. I and Chairman Neal, of the House Ways and Means Committee,  wrote to the Government Accountability Office. In representing the  Democrats in this body and in the House, the two of us asked what kind  of impact this rush job was going to have on working Americans who have  their income taxes withheld from every paycheck. The Government  Accountability Office responded to Chairman Neal and me 7 months later.   According to the Government Accountability Office's analysis, after  the Trump tax law enactment, nearly 30 million Americans will find that  they will have underpaid their taxes in 2018. That is millions more  Americans than before the new tax law, which is way out of line with  numbers that you would typically see. Those are the Americans who are  in line for a shock when they file their tax returns this year.   Here is what the Treasury Department is going to say. It will claim  it chose the withholding figures that would do the least amount of  harm. Yet that just doesn't pass the smell test, not when it chose  numbers that underwithheld taxes at far higher rates than usual. You  are potentially talking about millions and millions of Americans--way  more than is normal--finding out that the government has been goosing  their paychecks with tax trickery, and now they are going to get hit  with big tax bills. The Treasury Department, I am sure, is going to say  it updated the official IRS--Internal Revenue Service--withholding  calculator and sent out new withholding forms for employers, but none  of that was released until February 28--2 months into the new tax year.   Furthermore, let's be realistic about the prospect of Americans  flocking to the Internal Revenue Service's withholding calculator. The  taxpayers who will be potentially affected by this underwithholding  issue will be parents with jobs to do and kids to look after. How can  you expect those people to have spent a whole lot of time doing tax  math at the beginning of 2018 in order to head off a problem they  didn't know anything about and that might show up in a filing season  more than a year later? Our working families have lives to lead. They  are not spending the first weeks of a new year crunching the numbers on  tax withholding.   That is why I wrote to the Internal Revenue Service's Commissioner,  Mr. Rettig, before anybody up here had really begun to see the  challenge. I encouraged the Commissioner to waive penalties for 2018,  to waive tax penalties for this year. I made the case that it was the  first year of a new tax law--he was not involved in writing it--that  was jammed through the Congress and enacted in way too precipitous a  manner. Hard-working families should not suffer the harmful  consequences of political gamesmanship on taxes. Instead of replying  and working with me to find a solution, Commissioner Retting went ahead  and said that the best the Internal Revenue Service could do is adjust  the threshold where penalties kick in. Instead of penalizing those who  paid less than 90 percent of what they owed in 2018, he decided that  they would penalize those who paid less than 85 percent. There is no  question that is a modest step in the right direction, but it is my  judgment that the Internal Revenue Service ought to do more and keep it  simple.    As we look at the events of the upcoming weeks, here is my bottom  line: I believe it is time for the Trump administration to say that  nobody will be penalized for the Trump administration's mistakes on tax  withholding, change the penalty thresholds, extend the safe harbor--do  whatever it takes to make sure that our people are held harmless with  respect to what could otherwise be penalties for the Trump  administration's mistakes on tax withholding.   Down at the Treasury Department, there are a lot of people with  expensive degrees hanging on their office walls. I would like to see  them put some of that brain power to work now helping to protect  middle-class families.   My bottom line is that nobody ought to be penalized for the Trump  administration's mistakes on tax withholding.   After Republicans and this administration teamed up on a $2 trillion  tax giveaway that overwhelmingly benefits multinational corporations  and those at the very top, those who are particularly powerful in  America, protecting our working families from tax policies is the least  the government can do. Otherwise, it sure looks like a lot of middle- class families are going to be justifiably outraged. I know, because  they are coming up to me. They are coming up to me here in this city,  and I know that when I have town meetings next week at home in Oregon,  I am going to hear a lot about this. I believe that a lot of middle- class families are going to be justifiably outraged. I wouldn't blame  them.   I want it understood that I believe the next step is for the Trump  administration to move to make sure that nobody is penalized for the  Trump administration's mistakes on tax withholding.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   