 Madam President, I thank the distinguished Senator  from West Virginia for her work on the highway bill that we voted out  of the Environment and Public Works Committee today and on our  industrial emissions bill and on carbon capture. It has been a terrific  working relationship.    I ask unanimous consent to speak for an additional 5  minutes.    I thank the Presiding Officer. I appreciate that  courtesy.   Blocking action on climate has been the central focus of the  Chamber's campaign spending. It ran this ad in Pennsylvania in 2016.  Two moms watch their children on a playground. One comments on how much  energy the children have. The other says: Oh, don't say that. The  candidate wants to tax that energy. The ad gets even weirder when a  faceless woman arrives in a car and steps out toward the children.  Alarmed, one of the mothers yells the ad's punch line: ``Run, Jimmy.  Run.'' Classy stuff. I wonder who the Chamber was fronting for.   So how does the Chamber's anti-climate crusade square with its big  corporate members?   It has members like Coke and Pepsi, which have good internal climate  policies and websites that are full of commitments to reduce corporate  carbon footprints, and they have signed letters on climate action.   Pepsi signed the Ceres BICEP Climate Declaration. Coke plans to  reduce CO2 emissions by 25 percent. It says it ``will work  to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions across its value chain, making  comprehensive carbon footprint reductions across its manufacturing  processes, packaging formats, delivery fleet, refrigeration equipment  and ingredient sourcing.''   Yet both Coke and Pepsi fund the Chamber of Commerce, and they fund  the American Beverage Association, which, in turn, runs more money to  the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The end result? Two companies that are  actively reducing their carbon emissions and that enthusiastically  support good climate policy have the position in Congress, via their  funding of the Chamber, of opposing climate action here in Washington-- the place where it really counts.   Verizon has reduced its carbon intensity by 28 percent since 2016,  and its CEO has publicly stated Verizon's commitment to combat climate  change. Yet Verizon, too, funds the Chamber's obstruction.   Then there is Google with its motto: ``Don't be evil.'' Google is  warning its investors that climate change threatens its systems. It  says that it is vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural  disasters and to the effects of climate change, such as sea level rise,  drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity. Google has  signed pledges to fight climate change; yet Google, too, funds the  Chamber's anti-climate crusade.   Coke, Pepsi, Verizon, and Google are just four examples among many.  These companies say they support climate action but fund one of climate  action's worst opponents.   Why does the Chamber put these members in this position? The best  explanation I have is that the fossil fuel industry is secretly calling  the shots at the Chamber; that is, it is secretly funding the Chamber.  That would explain the Chamber's refusal to disclose its funders.   I think this is a governance issue now for these companies,  particularly for those members who serve on the Chamber's board. Board  members of nonprofit organizations have a common law duty of care. Not  knowing who is funding your organization looks like a breach of that  duty of care.   The Chamber's member companies need to ask themselves: Do we know who  is funding the Chamber? Do we know how much each donor is giving? Do  those donations explain the Chamber's years of obstruction?   The Chamber holds itself out as a business association. Another  question: Why is it accepting money from nonbusinesses?   In 2012 and 2014, the Chamber took at least $5.5 million from front  groups that have been backed by the Koch brothers. In 2014, it took  $5.25 million from a front group that was affiliated with Karl Rove.   Did the Chamber's board members know this? Did they exercise the  proper duty of care? Do they know what nonbusiness money is funding the  Chamber these days? Do they know what percentage of the Chamber's  funding comes secretly from fossil fuel interests?   I don't think the Chamber's board members know the answers to any of  these questions.   Here is a question for the general counsel of these board member  corporations: Should they know or are you going to go with willful  ignorance? Good luck with that.   The bottom line is simple. Chamber board members with good climate  policies are supporting one of the worst climate obstructors in  America. Indeed, they are writing big checks to do so. This, I believe,  is not just a moral problem but a governance problem. If these  companies aren't asking these tough questions and if they are not  pushing the Chamber to be transparent about its funding sources, they  are answerable. Until this mess gets sorted out, in spite of all of  corporate America's efforts to reduce emissions, its  [[Page S5175]]  funding of the ``U.S. Chamber of Carbon'' means that corporate America  is doing more harm than good for our climate.   Again, I thank the distinguished Senator from Oklahoma for his  courtesy in allowing me the extra time.   I yield the floor.   