 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 498, the Clean  Up the Code Act of 2019. I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Johnson) for his support and his leadership in making this  legislation possible.   Back in 2008, the Heritage Foundation published a report estimating  that there were nearly 4,500 different Federal crimes in the U.S. Code.  Five years later, the Judiciary Committee asked the Congressional  Research Service to review the foundation's findings only to be told  that it did not have the resources to fulfill our request. This is a  clear indication that there are too many criminal laws on the books and  the code needs to be cleaned up.   H.R. 498 eliminates nine provisions in Title 18, a good start, that  in some instances have never been prosecuted since their enactment. For  example, as has already been mentioned, the unauthorized use of the  Smokey Bear or Woodsy Owl will no longer be subject to criminal penalty  if this bill is enacted.   This bipartisan legislation is aimed at doing exactly what the bill  title says--clean up the code. If there were too many criminal laws for  the CRS to count back in 2013, let's help them get rid of the easy ones  by enacting this legislation. As I say, it is a good start. It isn't  going to solve the whole problem, but it is a good start, and I urge my  colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding, and I rise in support of H.R. 353, which would direct the  Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for  Taiwan in the World Health Organization.   I thank Mr. Yoho for his leadership on this important issue, and I  thank Mr. Engel as well as my colleague from Texas (Mr. McCaul) for  this as well. They have both been leaders on this for a long time.   As a long-time friend of Taiwan and strong supporter of our bilateral  relationship, I believe it is essential that they be allowed to  participate in the World Health Organization.   Taiwan has been routinely marginalized and barred from participation  in multilateral organizations, despite being a model participant in the  global community and routinely contributing to global health  advancement.   Between 2008 and 2015, Taiwan was invited to participate as an  observer at the annual meeting of the World Health Assembly, the  governing body of WHO. Unfortunately, in its efforts to isolate  President Tsai, China has effectively blocked Taipei from receiving an  invitation for the past 3 years by erroneously tying Taiwan's  participation to the so-called One China policy.   Beijing is playing politics with not only the health of Taiwan's  people, but with the health of the entire international community  because, as Mr. McCaul mentioned, the health of the world is linked,  and so the PRC is essentially putting all our health at risk by being  belligerent in this particular area.    This is particularly ridiculous because being an observer of WHA is  not limited to countries, and so participation does not imply Taiwanese  independence.   Furthermore, Taiwan should be allowed to participate on its own  merits. It is a de facto country and should be treated as such, and it  would be if it weren't for China's bullying. The sooner the world stops  participating in Beijing's fiction that Taiwan is part of China, the  better.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 353.   