 Mr. President, I rise as a Member of the U.S. Senate  Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship to highlight a  veteran-owned Louisiana business that is a true success story. With me  today is my colleague from my office, Ms. Cassie Leonard.   We all know small businesses are how many Americans live the American  dream. They start small; they start with a passion; they create jobs;  and then they help us compete globally in America and spark innovation.  These American small business owners are often our friends. They are  often our neighbors.   They succeed through the hard work of entrepreneurs like Mr. Mike  Hackley of Baton Rouge. I am talking about Mike and his business  BBQGuys because it is National Small Business Week and because BBQGuys  was named Senate Small Business of the Week just last week.   Mike has served our country in many ways. He has served our country  in the Air Force for more than 10 years. Once his military career  ended, he worked in a number of different sectors. Like a lot of  Louisianans, Mike loves the outdoors. In Louisiana, we will barbecue no  matter how hot it gets outside.   Mike turned his passion into a profession, and he did it by starting  an outdoor business called The Grill Store & More.   Early on, being the perceptive business person he is, Mike saw an  opening with e-commerce, something we take for granted today. He  launched a website called www.bbqguys.com, and he did this in 2001, 18  years ago, when Americans who did have the internet were on dial-up  connections.   Today, 18 years later, BBQGuys is a giant in outdoor living online  retailers. Mike now employs nearly 300 workers. He started with less  than 10. That is the American dream. That is American success, and  BBQGuys continues to evolve and to grow.   They started designing and manufacturing premium barbecue grills,  with manufacturing operations here in the United States, and they are  looking to export into Europe and Australia.   Mike also remains committed to a culture of teamwork at BBQGuys.  Every day he makes a point of going around the office to say good  morning to his employees, and I am not talking about just to the  executives. It is no wonder Mike has a high employee retention rate, a  reputation for outstanding customer service, and an A-plus rating from  the Better Business Bureau. BBQGuys has also been named one of the  5,000 fastest growing businesses in the United States by Inc. Magazine  for 11 years in a row.   I am proud to stand today before the U.S. Senate to say I am proud of  Mike Hackley. I am proud of what he has built. He is realizing the  American dream, and he is creating good jobs for my State.   Mike, if you are listening, thank you for making Louisiana proud.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   