 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Tlaib  for bringing up this subject of the affordable housing shortage across  our country. I want to speak about the affordable housing crisis that  is unfolding across this country and affecting thousands of my  constituents in the city of Chicago.   Throughout the Chicago area, there are just over 90,000 affordable,  available rental homes, but the National Low Income Housing Coalition  estimates that there are over 326,000 low-income renter households.  That is right. Less than one in three households in Chicago have access  to affordable housing.   The immense lack of housing is making it impossible for low-income  communities to stay in our city. It is transforming my district,  driving communities of color away from areas where they have lived for  many, many decades.   According to the Chicago Community Trust, Chicago has lost more than  100,000 African American residents in the past 10 years alone. The  Logan Square neighborhood in my district has lost more than 20,000  Latino residents and nearly 10,000 African Americans over the past 15  years.   Five years ago, Chicago's city council passed an ordinance  encouraging transit-oriented development. I believe that improving  transportation and mobility for our neighborhoods and tying that to  affordable housing is critically important.   However, we know that development, when done incorrectly, can lead to  gentrification, displacement, and racially inequitable outcomes. Since  Chicago's ordinance passed, only one affordable housing development has  been completed; another is getting off the ground.   I am planning to introduce legislation to incentivize equitable  transit-oriented development, legislation to create Federal funding for  affordable housing to be built near public transit so workers can get  to and from jobs, school, and healthcare, as well as take advantage of  the city's fine cultural amenities.   This bill will be a crucial step in addressing the enormous problems  we are discussing today. If we can address the topics raised by the  many speakers who are bringing home the urgency that Congress needs to  act in this field of needed affordable housing, we can become a better  country.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Tlaib for taking the initiative  and for hosting this discussion that can benefit our country.   