 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas,  Congressman Castro, for putting together this Special Order hour. And  it is timely, to say the least.   There are many borders that our Nation has. We have a lot of focus on  the southwestern borders, such as in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and  California. But there are also borders like what we have in Florida,  with the Caribbean surrounding us, and a short, either plane ride or  longer sea voyage to our peninsula.   We have immigrants from Venezuela coming in, fleeing tyranny. We had  for generations Cuban-Americans escaping the issues down there. We have  folks of Mexican descent who are farm workers in Polk County, and in  other areas, that are now second and third generation.   And, yes, we have many refugees, particularly children, who have left  the Triangle in Central America and are part of this great humanitarian  crisis at the border.   I got the opportunity to be able to visit the Homestead facility, a  facility that had blocked several of us from several requests of  touring it. And I saw over 900 children, between the ages of 12 and 17,  that were in a facility not made for over 500. And I suspect those  numbers have grown since then.   There are a few of us who did speak Spanish, like myself, and were  able to talk briefly to the children, even though they told us not to;  but you know our responsibility that we have.    Sure. No speaking to the kids there; no photos. And then we  were given kind of a song and dance about how well everybody was  treated.   These young people hailed from Honduras, Nicaragua, El Salvador,  countries that we hear over and over because of the strife from drug  cartels down there that are warring.   I saw six to eight beds per room, sometimes more, in rooms that  couldn't be any bigger than 10 to 15 by 15, with shared showers between  two of those rooms. And then I saw classrooms and recreation facilities  in giant makeshift tents, these big, kind of puffy ones that were  clearly not permanent facilities.    There is no question; those tents would be at great risk if  a 3, 4, or Level 5 hurricane hit South Florida. And they are at the  very end of it in Homestead, which is even south of Miami.   I want to talk a little bit about the root causes of it. We go back  to the Triangle and what is happening. You know, these families are  fleeing as an act of love because if their kids stay, they could be  brought into these cartel drug wars and may not even survive to be 18  years of age, let alone go on to live productive lives.   So one of the root causes of this is that the funding, the foreign  aid funding down in the Triangle hasn't been where it was under the  Obama administration.   And of course, then, this idea that we have to detain all of these  kids, which has really helped manufacture this border crisis. It could  be easily resolved by getting them to families in the United States. I  have been briefed that many of them are here to visit families, and we  could have ways to track everybody; everything as tough as an ankle  bracelet to having a case worker and having something less draconian.   But they chose not to do that. They chose to hold these kids back  because they don't want them to go out into the general population of  the United States.   So, if we just did things the way the last two t three Presidents  did, Obama, Bush and Clinton, we wouldn't be in this situation right  now, this deliberate holding of kids, as well as asylum seekers, in  general, at the border that doesn't need to happen here in the United  States.    And with asylum seekers, it violates many treaties that we are a part  of.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership as  our chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, and that is why we  are here tonight, for those injustices.  [[Page H5577]]    I am proud to be joined by my good friend, Congressman   Jimmy Gomez,  of Southern California, of L.A., who has been a champion of issues  related to immigrants and related to Hispanics across the Nation.   Jimmy, thanks for being here.    And as we go into the budget, the protections that we  couldn't get in recent bills, we will double down on to make sure we  have them going into the appropriations process.   