 Mr. President, we have too many people on the floor here  to pay tribute to Johnny Isakson, and we all have to go quick. I will  be back again, talking about my buddy from Georgia.   Let me make a couple of points. One is--and this is a little straight  talk because I heard so many great things about him--we ought to know  something else about him, which is, yes, he is a gentleman; yes, he is  a nice guy; but he has the velvet hammer, as I have said. That velvet  hammer has driven a lot of nails in around here and ended up with a lot  of great bipartisan legislation. It is not just because he is a nice  guy. It is because he is intense, and he is committed and determined  for the people of Georgia as an independent voice for his constituents  and for the great country that he loves so much.   Let me give you one example. We are working on energy efficiency  legislation right now. I work with Johnny on a number of different  legislative projects. In this particular case, he is the author of  something called the SAVE Act. The SAVE Act makes good sense  policywise. It helps people reduce their energy costs and saves them  money on mortgages, but it is not supported by everybody around here.  There are some powerful groups against it.   Once again, you will see in the Portman-Shaheen energy efficiency  package, the SAVE Act is in there, and it is in there for one reason  and one reason only, and that is because of the persistence of Johnny  Isakson, a real estate guy who gets it.   To my friend, I have heard so many great things about you over the  last  [[Page S6817]]  several hours. I agree with just about all of them--almost.   To Dianne, who is by far the better half here and such a dear friend  of Jane's and mine, we love you. We are going to miss you. We will stay  in touch, but we are going to watch you in your retirement as that  velvet hammer continues to nail things that are good for your beloved  Georgia and for the United States of America.   Thank you, Johnny.   