 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding, and I  thank her for her work on this bill. I thank my friend Billy Long for  his support and encouragement on this.   I do rise today in support of H.R. 2211, the STURDY Act. When  consumers purchase a piece of furniture, they trust that the product is  safe. But out of 42 common household dressers recently subjected to  rigorous testing by Consumer Reports, only 20 met the robust stability  standards. The reason why is that current voluntary standards are  woefully inadequate.   The voluntary standards apply only to dressers 30 inches or taller,  despite multiple fatalities and injuries involving shorter dressers.  Industry standards only require the dresser to remain upright when a  50-pound weight is hung from the top drawer, even though 60 pounds is  more accurately the weight of a 6-year-old. The result: over 200  reported deaths from furniture tip-overs since 2000. That is 200  deaths. Most victims are under the age of 6.   Mr. Speaker, the most profound responsibility we have as adults is to  protect our children. In 2016, a 2-year-old from my home State of  California died when a dresser tipped over onto him.   We know the problem: lax industry standards that really only protect  the manufacturers and not their customers.   We have a solution: the STURDY Act, which establishes robust  standards to stop this tip-over epidemic. The STURDY Act will modernize  standards to apply to dressers under 30 inches; accurately simulate the  weight of a 6-year-old; and account for real-world dynamics, such as  the movement of drawers and different flooring surfaces.    By setting mandatory standards, the STURDY Act will better enable the  CPSC to enforce requirements and facilitate recalls. The legislation  will expedite the CPSC's rulemaking process, ensuring these lifesaving  protections are in our homes as soon as possible.   That is the robust action we need to end this tip-over epidemic.   I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the STURDY Act, and I urge  my colleagues to support this bill.   