 Madam Speaker, today I will vote against the Conference  Report to Accompany S. 1790, the National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year (FY) 2020.   This legislation includes a number of provisions that I strongly  support, including giving servicemen and women a well-deserved raise of  3.1 percent--the largest pay raise for our troops since the last  Democratic House majority in 2010. Those who serve in uniform have made  extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a  pay raise.   I am also strongly supportive of the inclusion of twelve weeks of  paid parental leave for federal employees. However, the omission of, at  least, Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and United States Postal  Service (USPS) employees from this coverage is an inexcusable  oversight, and I look forward to working with House and Senate leaders  to enact a legislative correction.   Moreover, I am pleased that this Conference Report ends the unfair  Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP)/Indemnity Compensation (DIC) offset--also  known as the ``widow's tax''--which currently reduces spouse survivor  benefits by an average of $1,250 per month. The families of the men and  women serving in the Armed Forces make significant sacrifices and  deserve the full benefits they have earned from their spouses' service.   Unfortunately, this final package is a little more than a  continuation of the status quo, and it falls well short of the NDAA  bill the House passed earlier this year. The final legislation strips  out a number of policy priorities that were included in the House- passed NDAA, which I strongly supported, and includes yet another  massive spending increase to an already bloated Pentagon budget.   I believe this legislation could have made responsible cuts to our  defense budget without jeopardizing the safety of our troops,  preventing a pay increase, or undermining our national security. For  years, Congress has continued to increase the Pentagon's budget despite  overwhelming evidence of its waste and abuse of taxpayer money. This  year's legislation--with its outrageous topline defense budget of $738  billion--is yet another example of Congress's habit of increasing the  defense budget every year. While this administration has cut SNAP  benefits, Medicaid, reproductive health services, and more, Congress  has thus far boosted the Pentagon's budget by more than $130 billion  during President Trump's first term.   I have long supported a financial audit of the Pentagon, and for the  second year in a row, the Pentagon has spectacularly failed its  comprehensive audit. While I am pleased the Pentagon is finally  undergoing comprehensive audits in order to identify waste, it is  ridiculous to provide the Department of Defense (DoD) another massive  spending increase when they cannot even account for how it spends  taxpayer money.   In particular, I have always opposed the DoD's Overseas Contingency  Operation (OCO) account, a fiscally irresponsible fund that is not  counted in the budget, recklessly adds to our mounting debt, and has no  congressional oversight. This Conference Report allocates $71.5 billion  for OCO, a Pentagon slush fund that gives a blank check to fund endless  wars that Congress hasn't authorized. The bottom line is that fiscal  responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon would allow for funds  to be better spent supporting the needs of our troops, meeting our  obligations to veterans, and ensuring our legitimate defense needs are  prioritized.   Beyond bloated Pentagon spending, I am extremely disappointed that  the Conference Report strips out provisions that would have prevented  the president from using unauthorized force against Iran, prohibited  U.S. support for and participation in the Saudi-led coalition's  military operations in Yemen, and repealed the long-outdated 2002  authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) in Iraq. These  provisions passed with bipartisan support in the House, and failure to  include them is yet another abdication of Congress's constitutional war  powers. I have always advocated for reaffirming Congress's  constitutional authority to declare war and limiting the president's  authority to engage in armed conflict without the consent of Congress  and will continue to do so.   While I am pleased that this legislation blocks any backfill for DoD  funds raided by President Trump for his unnecessary, ineffective border  wall, it fails to include House-passed language that prevented the  president from diverting additional funding under his so-called  national emergency declaration. Under this emergency declaration,  President Trump has taken more than $3.6 billion from the DoD's high- priority military construction projects, $2.5 billion from the DoD's  drug interdiction program, and has transferred funds from other  critical, lifesaving agencies under the Department of Homeland  Security, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Federal Emergency Management Agency  (FEMA), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and more. As  Chairman of the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee, I twice led  the debate on the House floor to terminate this emergency declaration.  Despite the fact that Congress has voted multiple times, with strong  bipartisan support, to terminate this declaration, President Trump has  repeatedly vetoed. I will continue to fight to bring an end to this  national emergency declaration.   Additionally, the House unanimously adopted an amendment to the NDAA  that would have required the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to  regulate PFAS as a hazardous substance under our nation's Superfund  law, as well as restrict future discharges from manufacturers into  drinking water under the Clean Water Act. PFAS are dangerous  carcinogens that are virtually ubiquitous in American's drinking water,  and Congress must restrict their use and clean up our water sources  that are contaminated.   Unfortunately, Senate Republicans refused time and time again to  negotiate any compromise on these important provisions, and the  language was removed from the Conference Report. Fortunately, Majority  Leader Hoyer has already stated that he will bring the PFAS Action Act  to the House floor in January, and I look forward to voting for that  legislation.   Lastly, this Conference Report strips out a House-passed prohibition  on sending new detainees to Guantanamo Bay, doing almost nothing to  hasten the closing of this detention facility. This facility, which  costs almost $450 million each year to house 40 prisoners, has been a  black eye for the United States, eroding relationships with our allies,  bolstering terrorist recruitment tools, undermining U.S. missions  abroad, and putting U.S. citizens and our troops at risk of  retaliation.   