 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining  votes in the series be 10 minutes in length.    Mr. President, yesterday the Senate Judiciary Committee  held a very important hearing on how we can bring down prescription  drug prices for American families without sacrificing the innovation  that has made our country a world leader in new drug development. That  is quite a challenging balance to strike.   As I travel my State, I have heard from my constituents about their  increasing inability to get their hands on the medications they need at  a price they can afford--not because no treatment exists, not because  they don't have insurance, and not even because it is a pricey,  brandnew drug. Patients can't afford their prescriptions because the  prices are going up at an alarming rate, with little evidence or  justification to back some of the price hikes.   I heard from one Texas pharmacist who was shocked by the dramatic  price increase of drugs that had been available for years. She told me  about one popular antibiotic that once cost $8 for 1,000 tabs. She said  now it costs more than $1,200 for the same amount--$8 to $1,200. What  is the justification for that? Well, we are left to wonder and  speculate, and that is part of the reason for the investigation being  undertaken now by the Finance Committee and other Senate committees.    These costs have been so overwhelming that some of my constituents  will cross the border to go to Mexico to try to buy prescription drugs  there. A man from Rockport, TX, told me one of his prescriptions cost  about $1,000 each month in the United States. But if he drives a few  hours to Mexico, he can get what he thinks is that same medication from  what he thinks is the same manufacturer for about $160--$1,000 versus  $160. Of course, what we don't know is whether it is a counterfeit,  whether it is not only ineffective to deal with the condition that he  is taking the medicine for but whether it might poison him. So this is  a challenging issue with no easy answers.   I know one thing. I know my constituents are frustrated by these  confusing price hikes. They don't understand the dramatic price  differences from one retailer to another, and I have heard them loud  and clear because I don't understand it either. We know that something  needs to be done to rein in the high costs before medication becomes a  luxury only for those who can afford it.   Since the beginning of this new Congress, the Senate Finance  Committee has held a series of hearings to examine what is behind these  rising costs. We have heard from all of the major players in the supply  chain and asked some long overdue questions.   The Senate Judiciary Committee has begun looking into how to bring  these prices down, specifically by stopping pharmaceutical companies  who game the patent system. Patents play a very important role in our  economy. They are recognized in the Constitution itself, and when  somebody discovers something new and wonderful that helps improve all  our lives, they are entitled to reap the benefits from that.   Companies, we know, pour extensive time and funding into the research  and development of new medications. For example, yesterday, Dr. Jim  Allison from MD Anderson Hospital was in to see me. He recently got the  Nobel Prize for his research in immunology and new treatments for  cancer. Over the course of our history, the treatments for cancer have  been almost as tough as the cancer itself, whether it is surgery or  radiation or chemotherapy. What he has discovered--thanks to the grants  by NIH that have helped pay for the research--is a new way to use the  body to turn on the cancer itself without the patient receiving  additional drugs or radiation or surgery to deal with it. It is just  amazing. So I do think we need to continue to encourage that sort of  innovation and research. And when companies do pour extensive time and  funding into that research and a patent allows them to recover that  funding once the drug hits the market, that is a good thing.   We are increasingly seeing some companies abuse this system in order  to retain exclusivity over a drug for much longer than the patent would  ordinarily provide and preventing more affordable genetics or  biosimilars from entering the market and competing. From what I have  been told by some in the pharmaceutical industry, about 90 percent of  the common prescriptions that we take are now generic, and they are  pretty inexpensive, relatively speaking. I know that is the case for  me, and I believe that is likely true. But for the 10 percent that are  still branded, some of those drug prices go through the roof.   Then you have an aberration like insulin that has been available for  decades, which, through some sort of mystery, an opaque way of pricing,  still may cost somebody as much as $1,000 or $1,200 a month for their  copay. That doesn't make any sense to me because if we are trying to  protect innovation, that argument no longer applies to a drug long ago  discovered and essential to the life of diabetics.   The chemical formula of the actual drug is not the only thing that  can be patented, and that is part of the problem. Manufacturers can get  additional patents for follow-on inventions or innovation, which is a  new manufacturing method or a new formulation or a new application to a  new and different disease. Some of that, I think, is certainly  understandable and should be protected. I don't believe that each of  these additional patents is inherently wrong, but the reckless abuse of  the system and the way they can be structured sometimes is.   I will be introducing a bill soon that aims to curb major drug  companies' anti-competitive use of patents to prevent generics or  biosimilars from entering the market to promote greater competition and  lower prices. This legislation would properly define two terms to  describe how drug companies are abusing the system and provide the  Federal Trade Commission with authority to take action.   The first term it would define is ``product hopping,'' which occurs  when a company develops a reformulation of a product that is about to  lose exclusivity and then pulls the original product off the market,  preventing entry of a generic alternative. This may be just  [[Page S2717]]  by releasing a new formulation that is extended release over time. They  can patent that and pull the original drug off the market, and then it  prohibits generic competition from entering the market against that  original formulation and, thus, maintain their exclusivity well beyond  the intended period of time. The only purpose for doing this is not to  deliver more effective drugs but to prevent that generic competition.    One example is the drug Namenda, which is used by patients with  Alzheimer's. Near the end of the exclusivity period, the manufacturer  switched from a twice-daily drug to a once-daily drug. That move  prevented pharmacists from being able to switch patients to a lower  cost generic, allowing the company to continue to profit as a result of  their exclusive use of that patent.   Secondly, the bill would define ``patent thickets,'' which occur when  an innovator seeks multiple overlapping patents or patents with  identical claims near when they are about to lose their right to  exclusivity. Companies take advantage of our country's robust  innovation protection in order to hang onto their monopolies as long as  possible. One example is the drug Humira, which is one of the most  widely prescribed drugs in the world. It is commonly used to treat  arthritis and other autoimmune diseases. AbbVie, the manufacturer of  Humira, has 136 patents and 247 patent applications on their drug,  which has been available for more than 15 years--136 patents with 247  patent applications. There has to be a reason for that.   This type of behavior makes it very difficult for biosimilar drugs to  come to market. While the patent on the actual drug formula--the  original one--may have expired, there are still in this case hundreds  of other patents to sort through and, frequently, to litigate in terms  of the validity of those additional patents. The artificial structuring  of these multiple patents can delay the entry of generic or biosimilar  competition for much longer than anybody ever would have intended-- certainly longer than Congress intended by giving patent protection.   By defining product hopping and patent thickets as anti-competitive  behavior, we would allow the Federal Trade Commission to bring  antitrust suits against the bad actors who deliberately game the  system, and we would give them injunctive authority--not money damage  authority, but injunctive authority to make the system fairer and  operate as Congress intended.   The second bill I am going to introduce has to do with Medicare part  D--one of the most successful and popular pharmaceutical programs  around. Part D sponsors may voluntarily report fraud data to the  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, but they are not required  to report the number of specific instances of potential fraud, waste,  and abuse they identify or the actions they took to address these  issues. My bill would implement recommendations for the Department of  Health and Human Services Office of the Inspector General to require  plan sponsors to report that fraud and improve oversight of this  important program.   I have learned a lot about prescription drugs during these hearings,  a lot about the wonderful lifesaving innovation, the importance of  preserving that period of exclusivity for people who invest in the  research and develop these new lifesaving drugs, but I have also  learned a little bit about some of the abuses, which I have talked  about here today, and the need for us to continue to work together to  find solutions to provide Texans and all Americans who are struggling  to cover the cost of their prescriptions with some relief.   By eliminating some of these tactics used by pharmaceutical companies  to delay and deter competition, we will increase the availability of  generics and give patients greater freedom to choose a drug that works  at a price they can afford. By creating more accountability under  Medicare part D, we can prevent taxpayers from footing the bill for a  broken system.   While we are still working to find a solution for the multitude of  problems and challenges we face in dealing with the pharmaceutical drug  industry, one thing is abundantly clear: A one-size-fits-all,  government-run healthcare system is not going to work. Indeed, we need  to make targeted, smart reforms that will bring down the cost of  prescriptions and not the quality of the entire healthcare system. That  is precisely what these two bills will do, and I hope we will be able  to advance these pieces of legislation to promote more affordable  medications.   I yield the floor.   