 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues,  Representative Espaillat and Representative Sablan, for yielding this  time and for organizing this important hour to speak truth to power and  provide an opportunity for the American people to hear the truth in  contrast to the lies that were told by President Trump in how he  propagandized about immigrants.   I take this issue personally. The way the President has characterized  immigrants denigrates the dignity and the humanity of millions around  the world, including myself.   You see, Madam Speaker, I was born in a tiny village called Los Pinos  in the Mexican state of Durango. I am an immigrant.   My mother raised me, the youngest of four, while my father worked in  the United States as part of a World War II-era bracero program. He was  a migrant seasonal worker, a pioneer of what would later become the H- 2A visa program.   Eventually, my father got a job in a storage plant in Chicago, and my  family immigrated to the U.S. in 1965. I still remember my first  American meal at a gas station in El Paso, Texas, a bologna sandwich.   Today, I stand on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives with  great pride to have been elected a Member of Congress. But, also, I  carry a heavy burden, both on my conscience and on my shoulders.   The President's grotesque characterization of immigrants as rapists,  drug dealers, and murderers is an affront to me, to my mother, to my  family. Most importantly, it is an affront to my community and every  single American, lest we forget that our Nation values immigrants.   Last night, the President doubled down on his rhetoric of hate, once  again falsely describing a security crisis at the border. Today, I want  to make clear three points on why we so desperately need immigration  reform.   First, let me be clear: There is no crisis at the border. The only  crisis we face is the inadequate response to the humanitarian relief  that women, children, asylum seekers, and refugees want, while this  administration abdicates America's moral duty to serve and welcome  those most in need.   The truth is that, Madam Speaker, migrants are escaping some of the  harshest regimes in Central America, where political and economic  turmoil threaten their lives. That is why they come.   Contrary to the President's fearmongering, analysis from The New York  Times and the Center for American Progress shows that illegal  immigration is near an all-time low. In fact, apprehensions at the  border have declined more than 75 percent since the year 2000.   Most drug trafficking is coming through our ports of entry, not rural  sections of the border.   Just last year, we witnessed the horror of young children being  ripped out of the arms of their parents. The children were detained and  held in cold, lifeless cages, like animals, where they slept on  concrete floors and were given little more than aluminum sheets to keep  them warm.   What a disgrace, Madam Speaker. How can the richest, most powerful  country in the world not have the ability to do better?   My second point, on the need for immediate immigration reform, is  that we face a tremendous crisis here at home, where millions of  hardworking, law-abiding individuals--our neighbors, relatives, and  friends--live in constant fear of being ripped apart from all they know  and those they love.   Madam Speaker, there are more than 11 million individuals, including  children, living in the United States who are currently undocumented.  Of those, there are more than 3.6 million Dreamers, children who  entered the U.S. before their 18th birthday, and more than 1.8 million  children eligible for DACA because they were brought to the U.S. before  their 16th birthday.   Their parents brought them seeking refuge, opportunity, a chance to  give their children a life free of the fear from hunger, abject  poverty, and the violent drug wars that are ravaging Central America.   At this point, I would like to shine a light on one young Dreamer who  lives in my district in Illinois, in a suburban community of Chicago,  and how she studies, she works, and she helps build communities.   Back home, in the community of Little Village, where I have lived for  the past 49 years, there is a story about a young woman named Elizeth  Arguelles and the tamales that are making her dreams come true.   Elizeth's mother began working as a tamale street vendor when she  arrived in Chicago so that she could save money and bring her children  from Mexico to join her in the U.S. When Elizeth arrived at about 7  years old, she immediately began helping her mother make tamales. She  would wake up at 3:30 a.m. to prepare the cart and sell tamales until  7:30 a.m. before going to school.  [[Page H1383]]    Elizeth grew up in the United States, saved up money from selling  tamales, and paid for college tuition, first at Morton College and now  at Dominican University.   Elizeth's immigration status, however, continues to present a  challenge. Despite all her hard work and her study, her future is  uncertain because she is a deferred action recipient. She doesn't know  what will happen next.   Despite those obstacles, she has proven that she values resilience,  self-reliance, and ingenuity. Those are her values, and they are  American values as well. Elizeth's story speaks to the values that make  our country great.   Unfortunately, ICE raids continue to terrorize immigrant communities  and traumatize children like Elizeth who live in constant fear of  losing their parents and their own futures. These young people yearn to  go to college, to serve in our military, and to enrich our communities  with their entrepreneurial spirit.   Madam Speaker, Congress must create a path to citizenship to prove  that, beyond a doubt, we welcome Elizeth and those like her to America.   I want to end and make my third and final point. The status quo  cannot remain, and the current legal immigration system is broken,  creating decades-long delays for family reunifications and exacerbating  workforce gaps that harm our economy.   Madam Speaker, when we hear naysayers complain that immigrants should  come to America using the legal route but fail to acknowledge the  antiquated and broken state that our system is in--for many, processing  time for family reunification visas can last between 18 and 23 years.   Imagine how much can happen in 18 to 23 years, Madam Speaker.   As of November 2012, there were 4.3 million people on the wait list  for family visas and 113,000 waiting for employment-based visas.   Those years-long wait times cause others to make an even more  difficult choice. In Mexico, a group now referred to as Los Invisibles,  the invisible ones, is growing. Los Invisibles, these invisible young  people, refers to more than 600,000 American-born U.S. children living  in Mexico.   Because our broken system keeps families apart for so long, or it  tears mothers and fathers away from their children, some have elected  to leave America altogether--a real tragedy, a real loss for us.   Perhaps in another life, I would have been one of those children and,  because of the anti-immigrant policies of today's administration, the  next U.S. Congressman won't stand here in the future to share the  immigrant experience that I share with all of you today.   The true crisis we face, the true danger we face, is the President's  propaganda that flies in the face of truth. Immigrants don't worsen the  Nation. On the contrary, immigrants help keep this Nation the strongest  nation the world has ever known.   We are your mechanics, your nurses, your farmers, your local brewer.  We are your teachers, engineers, and law enforcement officers. We are  firefighters, plumbers, and doctors. In some lucky instances, we are  your Representatives in Washington.   As the proud immigrant Representative from a district that is more  than two-thirds foreign-born, I refuse to back down and sit silent  while the President denigrates me, my family, and my constituents.   As a Congress, we cannot sit idly by while thousands are denied  humanitarian relief at the border while millions live in fear here in  our communities and while millions more wait, separated from those they  love and care for.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana  Islands (Mr. Sablan) for yielding me the time to share my story.   