 Mr. President, I also mourn Herb's loss. It is odd that I  would be here to protect his ability to have that cigarette in his  mouth as he was negotiating.   I rise today to discuss the recent announcement by the Food and Drug  Administration to move forward with a ban on menthol cigarettes. This  announcement, to say the least, is surprising. In an administration  claiming to decrease regulation on the American people, this  announcement works completely counter to that goal--increasing  regulation and decreasing the choices for adult consumers in America.   Making matters worse, the announcement comes from an Agency that the  American people trust. They trust them to make decisions based upon the  most sound and reliable science available. Unfortunately, the FDA has  not provided a sound scientific argument to move forward with the ban  on one type of product that Americans consume understanding fully the  risk.   On November 30, 2018, I raised this concern with the Food and Drug  Administration. As a part of their announcement, the FDA claimed that  their regulatory actions are based on information released by the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC.   When I asked for the data supporting this menthol decision, I was  informed that this data would be made available later this year. I also  asked the FDA to explain to me whether the Agency has determined that  menthol cigarettes make more children try smoking or whether these  products make it more difficult for children to stop smoking.   I pause here because I am sure the Presiding Officer is remembering  that it is illegal for people under 18 to purchase tobacco products.   The FDA simply informed me that the information I requested would be  part of a proposed rule available for stakeholder comment.   Now, I think you would agree that it is highly unusual for a science- based Agency to refuse to provide the data informing its regulatory  decisions to a seated Member of the U.S. Congress. This should set off  alarm bells. Any product regulated by the FDA might  [[Page S258]]  fall into this category of ``no Member of Congress being able to  know.''   Well, it may seem odd, but the FDA regulates 25 cents of every dollar  of the U.S. economy--no wonder it takes so long and costs so much for  new drugs and devices to come to market.   As a result, I did my own research. The chart behind me, with 2017  data from the CDC, shows that children's use of traditional menthol  cigarettes has decreased 3 percent since 2011. Let me say that again.  Since 2011, usage by youth in America of menthol cigarettes has reduced  from 5.8 percent to 2.5 percent.   This data runs counter to the need for increased regulation and  decreased choices for consumers and calls into question the FDA's own  decision.   In 2009, Congress debated the regulation of tobacco products. I was  here for the entire debate and was an active participant in the  dialogue. I alone provided over 16 hours of remarks on the Senate floor  so that my colleagues understood my concerns with this type of  legislation and to ensure, quite frankly, that the voice of North  Carolinians was clearly and deeply understood in the U.S. Senate.   One issue discussed during that debate was actually the banning of  flavors in cigarettes, including menthol. Congress struggled to come to  a consensus on this issue, offering many iterations at the time of the  legislation, taking different approaches to the ban of any, all, or  none of the flavors available in cigarettes at the time.   Ultimately, the decision was made for the FDA to thoroughly study the  effects of menthol cigarettes.   The Agency issued its report in 2011 and commissioned a third-party  entity to study the science behind menthol cigarettes, for which a  report was issued in 2013.   Now, what resulted from the results of that study?   For the remainder of President Obama's terms in office, which ended  in 2016, their FDA never attempted to move a menthol ban. Why? Because  the results of that information--that scientific data--did not  substantiate what, in fact, that would accomplish.   In the 5 years since the publication of these studies, the science  has not changed to justify the ban of an entire product category by the  FDA.   Each year, the CDC issues the latest data from the National Youth  Tobacco Survey. This survey asks about 20,000 children about their  tobacco use, and it has been conducted since 1999. This survey covers  details of middle and high schoolers' use and exposure to a variety of  tobacco products, and it includes specifics on the use of different  product categories, like traditional cigarettes and e-cigarettes, as  well as data on the percentage of survey participants who tried  menthol.   The CDC data shows that there has been a 12-point decrease in the  percentage of children trying traditional cigarettes since 2011.   Let me state that again.   The CDC's own data shows that there has been a 12-percent reduction  in the percentage of children trying traditional cigarettes since 2011.   Now, this is good news. The use of cigarettes among children is  decreasing, showing that our education and our public health efforts  are, in fact, working.   As I mentioned before, the survey shows that the use of menthol  cigarettes by children has also declined, decreasing 3 percent since  2011.   Even the FDA's own data shows the decline in children's use of  traditional cigarettes.   Now, this chart I have basically shows that traditional cigarettes  have fallen 12 percent since 2011, compared to the latest survey data  of 2017. It is probably difficult for some to see, but the red arrow  pointing down certainly indicates a decrease. The red arrow pointing up  shows an increase. Now, that should be alarming, and it is an area that  we will talk about in a second.   But the solution here is simple. Data released by the CDC and the FDA  provide a clear marker that the FDA's focus should be on areas where  children's use is increasing rather than in areas where we are already  making significant progress.   I might pause and say that if a product is illegal for somebody under  18, I don't know how you ban a product and believe that it wasn't  already banned if it was illegal.   The FDA's decision does not pass the commonsense test. It is time for  the FDA to focus on the things where there is an increase for children.  I give them examples: marijuana, opioids, fentanyl, meth. We have  debated it on the floor of the Senate. While we are looking at one  thing and the FDA has got us focused on it, look at how many children's  lives are devastated in this country--again, with illegal products.   One can only conclude by what we are doing, which is banning menthol,  that we are emulating Canada. Several years ago they banned menthol,  and last year they legalized marijuana. That may be the route we are  on. I am not sure. Nothing surprises me anymore in Washington.   June of this year will mark the 10th anniversary of the Tobacco  Control Act, which provided the FDA regulatory authority over tobacco  products. The law gave the FDA broad authority to regulate these  products and was intended to provide a path forward for innovative  products--tobacco products, as well--placing hope in advancements in  research and development to provide new options for American consumers  that are down the continuum of risk for those individuals who choose,  potentially replacing their use of combustible cigarettes with  electronic ones.   The FDA does not have a single governing regulation for the review  and the approval of the products Congress put under its regulatory  watch. Almost a decade after enactment and more than $5 billion later,  the FDA has failed to issue one foundational regulation governing the  viable review of any tobacco product.   Let me state that again. Almost a decade after enactment and $5  billion later, the FDA has failed to issue a foundational regulation  governing the viable review of any tobacco product. This failure would  be unacceptable from any other regulated industry. The Center for  Tobacco Products receives hundreds of millions of user-fee dollars each  year and is still falling behind the other product review centers at  the FDA. The FDA has a responsibility to develop clear rules of the  road for innovation and potentially less harmful tobacco products--some  of the very products that are under scrutiny today because they are in  regulatory limbo 10 years later. The Agency has had ample time to act  and, instead, focused its efforts and resources on banning a legally  marketed product without the data to support their own actions.   I urge my colleagues to take a serious look at the FDA's decision to  ban menthol cigarettes. The FDA chose to decrease choices for the  American consumer while their counterpart, the CDC, continues to show a  decline in children's use of menthol cigarettes. These two Agencies  should, in fact, be in alignment, using the CDC's highly regarded  public health data to fully inform the FDA's approach to regulate these  products. The information it released on November 18, 2018, shows a  steep increase in the use of all tobacco products. However, the FDA has  not provided the data to show that traditional cigarettes have  contributed to this increase from 2017 to 2018 in any way or that  menthol played a part in this increase. If it had--I will take you back  to the original chart--we would see a significant change in the trend  line of menthol usage of youth.   I would bet my colleagues today that when you get to 2018, you will  continue to see a decline in menthol. It begs the question of whether  the leadership at FDA is making decisions with any regard for years of  public health data, coming at the cost of choices for the American  people.   This argument comes down to whether you believe Americans have a  right to choose. As long as I am an elected official, I will advocate  for adult consumers to have these choices.   I realize this is the floor of great debate, and I am not scared to  have a debate on whether tobacco is a legal product. As long as it is a  legal product, why would we encumber the consumer with choice when, in  fact, we see a trend line like this as it relates to youth?   So I say to the FDA and I say to my colleagues: Don't hide behind our  children and tell us that is the reason, because the data doesn't  support it. The data says that what we are doing in education, what we  are doing as parents is convincing the next generation  [[Page S259]]  that this is not a product they want to use. But when you ban menthol  cigarettes, you take many adults who choose to purchase and to use a  legal product with full understanding of the risk and tell them: No, we  are going to eliminate the choice of this product.   That is wrong. It is wrong for Congress to do; it is wrong for a  regulatory Agency to do; and it is a blemish on this administration to  announce that they are reducing regulation when, in fact, they are  going out and instituting some of the most onerous regulations on  America's consumers, the American people who choose.   I urge my colleagues to become educated on this. I will give them an  opportunity on multiple occasions for the balance of this year to hear  more about this industry.   I yield the floor.   