 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairman, I urge support for the underlying  legislation, H.R. 1, which in my mind reaffirms the right to vote and  empowers the individual citizens in our democracy and empowers their  role in our democracy over the wealthy special interests that has been  the trend as of late.   My amendment asks that in the spirit of this bill, which is to  protect voting rights, that we protect Americans who opt to vote by  mail from unnecessary impediments to voting. Specifically, this  amendment requires States to provide voters with an opportunity to  return ballots at a polling place on election day.   At its face value, this might not seem like a drastic ask, but it  merits consideration, granted efforts by States to shortchange eligible  voters from casting their ballot by denying them the right to return  the ballot on election day. In Arizona, about 228,000 people dropped  off their ballots at the polling places on election day in November of  this general election, a majority of which, I should add, were  Republican voters.   The reason why I believe that my amendment should be supported is to  protect the vote-by-mail process. In 2016, 16 States showed a combined  percentage of greater than 50 percent of votes cast early, by mail, or  via absentee ballots, including my State of Arizona. As more Americans  chose to vote by mail, lawmakers in this Chamber should facilitate  rather than hinder the right to vote by mail.   Voting by mail allows voters to take their time examining and  researching the candidates and issues that align with their values,  thus making that very important informed decision on election day. That  only strengthens our democracy and empowers that individual voter.   Voting by mail also allows voters not to be constrained by work,  school, family, or other sensitive matters that would hinder their  ability to wait at polling places for long periods of time. As you well  know, other portions of this legislation outline and address the issue  of forcing voters to wait hours to cast their ballots, which is  unacceptable. Voting by mail can help reduce these incidents and  provide more options that are considerate of a person's lifestyle or  their particular needs.   Vote by mail helps alleviate under-resourced, consolidated, or  distant polling places from having an influx of voters on election day.  By ensuring that all polling sites accept vote-by-mail ballots on  election day, voters' confidence in the electoral process, I believe,  is upheld. Vote by mail is intended to increase voter participation  during non-Presidential election years which tend to have overall lower  voter turnout rates.   The scope of this legislation is to promote and protect the right to  vote that every American citizen is entitled to. For many constituents,  voting by mail is the most practical and convenient method to exercise  that right. With ongoing efforts at all levels of governance to  restrict voting, now more than ever it is important to ensure that  regardless of voting in person or by mail that that vote is cast,  processed, tabulated, and accepted as valid.   Madam Chair, I would hope that you would join me in ensuring States  are not able to place harmful restrictions on voters. States should  continue to do their due diligence and protect voters by allowing them  to return their ballots on election day. Anything less would be a  direct attack on voters' rights and would disenfranchise a growing  percentage of nontraditional voters across this Nation.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    I think there have been efforts in my home State to  begin to restrict the use of election day dropping off of vote-by-mail  forms and other discussions, and this is both a preventive and  encouraging amendment that prevents any of those actions, and more  importantly, to encourage States to apply that fairly.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes), who is the author and leader of the  legislation, H.R. 1.    I yield myself the remainder of my time, Madam Chair.   I would remind everybody that this amendment provides the States with  flexibility. It is providing convenience, as my colleague mentioned,  and as a preventive tool, and no prohibition on voters returning mail  ballots would actually occur or slow down the process.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   