 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum be rescinded.    Now, if there is one word to describe the State of the  Trump administration, it is ``chaos.'' The administration's policy at  the border is in chaos; the administration's foreign policy is in  chaos; and the Trump administration itself is in chaos: the vacancies  in so many agencies, people within the administration fighting with  each other, and the President tweeting away, even if it is unconnected  to the people who actually administer the policies.   So even though this has been a constant theme in the Trump  Presidency--the chaos within--it is getting worse and more alarming.   On the border, the President announces a new cockamamie policy almost  every day: a national emergency to build a wall, tariffs with Mexico,  shutting down the border entirely, mass arrests and deportations inside  in our borders. Many of these ``policies'' were announced by tweet with  little or no thought or force of action behind them. Not one of them  has been implemented, even though the President could implement many on  his own. Most were tossed aside as casually as they were announced, and  it is easy to see why. The policies he has announced at the border are  cruel, inhumane, ineffective, and most are impossible to carry out.   Meanwhile, the Trump administration is cutting off security  assistance to Central American countries--the one thing his  administration was doing to stem migration and address the root causes  in the first place. Even on the issue the President talks about most,  the chaos of his administration is making the problem exponentially  worse, not better.   It doesn't get any better when it comes to the administration's  foreign policy. In response to increased activity from Iran, the  President has now announced two deployments of 1,000 troops or more  without even explaining to the American people what is happening and  why. As Commander in Chief, he owes it to the American people, and  especially our troops, to clarify what he hopes to achieve in the  Middle East. What is the strategy? What is the goal? What is the limit  of what we will do, and what are the things we will do? Any foreign  policy expert will tell you outlining these things helps the strategy  and helps build support for it. Does the President have clear goals?  Does he have a strategy or, once again, when he wakes up in the morning  and thinks--one day, he tweets about it, and the next day he thinks  something else and tweets something different or even contradictory.   We have no earthly clue to the President's strategy or goals because,  like everything else in his administration, his foreign policy is  wracked by chaos.   The Trump administration, in terms of its personnel and leadership,  is in chaos as well. Yesterday the President's choice for Secretary of  Defense withdrew. Where was the vetting? Why wasn't this known by the  White House long before he got to this level? So now the most powerful  military in the world has been without a Senate-confirmed Secretary  since Secretary Mattis resigned in December of last year--6 months  without a confirmed head of the DOD. How can we conduct a foreign  policy, a military policy with no head of DOD?   The administration is escalating tensions in Iran and sending troops  overseas without a permanent Defense Secretary, someone who is really  in charge and thoroughly vetted at the helm. It is not just the Defense  Department where chaos reigns. The positions of Homeland Security  Secretary, OMB Secretary, SBA Administrator, Ambassador to the U.N.,  and even the Chief of Staff in the White House are all in the acting  capacity.   It is a revolving door. People want to leave. Most people of  substance can't stand the chaos and misdirection from the President,  and we have had less focused attention to issue after issue from this  President than any in a very long time because of chaos. The  institutions of our government under Donald Trump lack steady and  experienced leadership. It is a crisis of competence. The President is  making decisions without proper counsel, preparation, or even  communications between the relevant agencies. It is policy by whim. The  withdrawal of his Secretary of Defense nomination is only the latest  example of an administration in chaos.   I raise these points not to disparage the President but because the  swirling chaos in his administration hurts the American people. It has  frustrated our ability to find real solutions at the border and stunted  progress on issues Americans care about, like infrastructure and  healthcare. Above all, I fear the chaos in the White House could lead  our country closer to a conflict with Iran that most Americans want to  avoid.   In short, the amateur hour must end. The U.S. Government is not an  episode of ``The Apprentice.'' It is real life with real consequences.  It is deadly serious business. For the sake of the country, the Trump  administration needs to get its act together.   