 Madam President, I am joined on the floor by my  colleague Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, who has recently visited coastal  Louisiana and will share his observations following my remarks. He will  speak objectively about that which we in Louisiana see not only  objectively but emotionally.   We see our coastline melting away, and with the loss of that  coastline, increasing vulnerability to hurricanes coming off the gulf,  as well as a loss of villages, beautiful oak trees as salinity kills  their roots, whole communities, and ways of life. I shall elaborate  because Louisiana's coastal erosion impacts local businesses,  communities, and I would say even our entire Nation.   Some of the Nation's most important trade, energy, and commercial  fishing assets are associated with South Louisiana. Now, every Senator  gets up and is proud of his or her State, and they will make statements  such as that, but these statements are objectively true.   By tonnage, 5 of the 25 largest ports in the country are located in  South Louisiana and along the Mississippi River. Twenty percent of the  Nation's waterborne commerce moves through Louisiana. Approximately,  11,000 vessels use the lower Mississippi annually. If you think of a  map of our country, from Wyoming to Pennsylvania, that is the territory  of our country drained by the Mississippi and its tributaries. If you  are shipping goods from Ohio to South America, most likely you are  sending it down the Mississippi. The prosperity of the farmer along the  Missouri River can depend upon the navigation of the lower Mississippi.  It is truly a nation-impacting resource, but coastal erosion threatens  the flow of commerce that is essential and vital to all of these areas.   Approximately, 20 percent of the Nation's oil supply originates off  the coast of Louisiana, and countless oilfield service companies are  located in South Louisiana to process that energy. Companies like  Cheniere, Tellurian, Sempra, and others are investing billions in  liquefied natural gas facilities, demonstrating the value of the United  States but of Louisiana, in particular, in the global LNG market.   By the way, the workers who work in these rigs or work in these  industries may live in Louisiana, but sometimes they will live far  inland. I saw a map where somebody commuted from Montana, coming down  by airplane, working for a month, and then going back to Montana. So  the folks who work in our energy industry may come from any part of our  country. Coastal erosion puts this energy infrastructure in jeopardy,  threatening our Nation's energy security.   Louisiana has the largest commercial fishing industry in the lower  48, harvesting and selling shrimp, crawfish, crabs, and oysters to  restaurants and grocery stores around the country. Coastal erosion puts  this industry and the livelihoods of the workers who depend upon it in  jeopardy.   For these reasons, among many more, I fight in Congress to protect  the Louisiana coastline. Senator Whitehouse frequently has a floor  chart when speaking on the environmental issues and says: ``Time to  wake up.'' Everyone in Louisiana is very awakened to this crisis.   Our State has developed its Coastal Master Plan to help restore and  maintain our coast. I think Senator Whitehouse will refer to that. We  may not be able to save every parcel of land, but it is imperative that  we work to protect the vulnerable marshland, as we can, and, in turn,  the businesses and communities from the effects that we see today.   By the way, oftentimes we only hear about industry and environmental  organizations attacking one another, but in Louisiana, we found that  without one, the other cannot survive. We have found that the  environmentalists and the energy industry have a way to coexist and to  work for the betterment of the other. One example is that the State  receives revenues from offshore energy production and other grant  programs to protect and restore our coastline. Louisiana's constitution  mandates that these dollars go to coastal restoration, creating a  unique partnership where the royalty payments from the energy industry  fund the environmental restoration upon which my State's future  depends.   Projects funded with this revenue include the Mid-Barataria and Mid- Breton diversion projects, designed to direct more sediment from the  Mississippi River to rebuild marshland lost due to coastal erosion, in  part because the Mississippi River was previously leveed. Other  projects seek to protect vulnerable marshland from further losses by  controlling saltwater intrusion in the Houma Navigation Canal or the  Calcasieu River ship channel. However, more needs to be done to protect  Louisiana's coastline and the impact upon the United States' economic  and energy security.   In a previous Congress, I introduced legislation in the House and now  in the Senate to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act to  provide more offshore energy revenue to energy-producing States in the  gulf to fund coastal restoration and other environmental protection  projects. Most recently, in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act bill and in  another bill, there was an increase to the current cap on GOMESA  dollars for fiscal years 2020 and 2021. I am currently working on  another version of revenue-sharing legislation for the Gulf States,  which I plan to introduce later this spring.   As part of that effort, working with Senator Whitehouse's staff, we  have been working on legislation to create a revenue-sharing program  with the Federal and State governments for offshore wind to fund  coastal resiliency efforts, an issue important to us and probably about  80 percent of America's population that I roughly judge lives within  100 miles of the coastline.   I look forward to working with Senator Whitehouse and other  colleagues to ensure that the coastal restoration needs important to  Louisiana and to the United States are met. Again, I so appreciate  Senator Whitehouse's coming to visit and learn more about coastal  Louisiana. I look forward to working with him on our mutual interests  to protect our environment and our communities.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  postcloture time on the Barker nomination expire at 11:45 a.m.,  Wednesday, May 1; I further ask that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Foreign Relations Committee be discharged from further consideration  and the Senate now proceed to S. Con. Res. 13.    I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution  be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 46, S. 406.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, May 1; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, morning business be closed, and the Senate proceed to  executive session and resume consideration of the Barker nomination,  with the time until 11:45 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders  or their designees.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the  previous order following the remarks of Senators Durbin and Casey.   