 Mr. President, last week, of course, was Thanksgiving, a  day that we all set aside in America to count our blessings. As we do  that, we always say to ourselves: Gee, we really ought to be thankful  every day of the year for the many blessings that have been bestowed  upon us.   I know I say that to myself. So I thought today, for a few minutes, I  would mention two things that I am especially thankful for, even though  this isn't Thanksgiving, but it is another day that the Lord has  blessed us with.   The first thing--and there are many things that I am thankful for,  but the first thing I am thankful for that I want to mention today is  the many public servants who care for and protect American taxpayer  money.   I want to highlight one in particular: the Chairman of our FCC, Mr.  Ajit Pai. Let me explain why I am thankful for this public servant--one  among many who get up every day and work hard to protect taxpayer  money. About 2 weeks ago, the Chairman of the FCC, over many obstacles,  announced that he was going to hold a public auction for the C-band.   Why is that important?   We all have a cell phone now, and many of us have iPads and  computers. The internet has changed our world and changed our lives. It  has made it more complicated, of course, but on balance, I think the  internet has been good for our lives.   We are about to move into a new phase of telecommunications called  5G. It stands for fifth generation. It is really an extraordinarily  fast internet. It can carry huge amounts of data. The ingenuity of the  American people takes my breath away.   I am pretty impressed with 4G, and 5G is going to be 100 times  faster. It is going to make things possible like telemedicine, where a  specialist in a field of surgery through robotics and now an incredibly  fast internet can operate on a sick patient 1,000 miles away and save  his or her life, thanks to 5G. We will be able to hook up all of our  devices through 5G, saving time. It will give us more precious time to  spend with our family. There will be driverless cars. Maybe I will not  see them in my lifetime, but our assistants and our pages in the Senate  will see them in their lifetime.   I could go on, but the point is, to make 5G possible, a lot of people  have to work together. So 5G is made possible through the airwaves.  When internet devices talk to each other, data in the form of radio  waves--the scientists call them electromagnetic radiation--these radio  waves go through the airwaves from one device to another.   We have all sorts of different airwaves. It is called spectrum. We  have airwaves for radios and TVs. Well, 5G can be used in a number of  different airwaves or different parts of the spectrum. But one part of  the spectrum, one part of the airwaves, is just perfect for 5G. It is  called the C-band. That part of the airwaves is able to carry these 5G  radio waves in a manner that can cover a huge geographical area but  also carry lots of data.   It is called the C-band, and it is perfect for 5G. It is perfect. It  is not too hot, not too cold. It is just right.   Some swamp creatures, both in government and out, came that close-- that close--to getting control of the C-band, which is owned by the  American people. Led by three foreign satellite companies, they had  almost convinced the powers that be to give them the C-band--just give  it to them--and let them decide who is going to get to use that C-band  for 5G.   Oh, and, by the way, in picking the telecommunication companies that  would get to use the C-band that was going to be given to them for free  by the powers that be, these foreign companies were going to get to  keep the money--about $60 billion. That is just the upfront money--$60  billion. That would build 7,000 miles of interstate in this country.   Not only would the companies get the $60 billion, they would get to  decide who could use the C-band, and they were that close. But the  Chairman of the FCC stopped it. He is going to recommend next week--and  I hope the rest of the FCC goes along with it. I am going to be there  to watch. He recommended and is going to recommend that we have a  public auction.   Doing a public auction is nothing new for the FCC. The FCC auctions  off different airwaves all the time. In fact, the FCC in the last 25  years has held right around 100--I think it is 93--public auctions  where anybody who wants to, any company that wants to--competition,  moral good--can come in and bid on that part of the airwaves.   The good people at the FCC have brought in to the American taxpayer  about $123 billion in the last 25 years by auctioning off these  airwaves and giving everybody a fair chance in a fully transparent way  in front of God and country. That is the way it ought to be.   But a lot of swamp creatures were pushing hard for this private sale.  The American taxpayer not only would have lost $60 billion, they would  have lost control of the C-band, which, according to the Communications  Act, doesn't belong to me, doesn't belong to the businesses; it belongs  to the American people.   We can't let our guard down. I have learned in my short 3 years here  that those swamp creatures--if they can't get in the front door, they  are going to try the side door, and if they can't make it through the  side door, they are going to try the back door. We have a lot of money  at stake here, so we have to remain vigilant.   I want to thank Ajit Pai for standing up. He made the right people  mad.  [[Page S6879]]  That is easy to talk about, but it is hard to do. It takes courage, and  he did it, and I wanted to single him out.   The second thing I want to say I am thankful for, among so many  things, is this: I am so thankful for our neighbors to the North-- Canada. I have visited Canada so many times. I am so proud to call them  friends. There are 37 million people in Canada, some of the finest  people that God ever put breath in.   We have fought together in wars. We have fought for freedom that we  all take for granted. We trade with each other. I mean, the country is  just a wonderful country with extraordinarily friendly, decent, and  God-fearing people.   Our leaders squabble sometimes. That is just the way life is.  Sometimes good friends have disagreements. We are having a few little  disagreements right now. But on this beautiful Thursday, I just wanted  to come and say how thankful I am that Canada is our friend and how  honored I am to call them friends and how grateful I am for all 37  million of the fine men, women, and children in that great country.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   