 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise with my friend, Mr.  Womack, to speak in opposition to H.R. 2440, the Full Utilization of  the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund Act.   And why? Because that is a fair thing to say. If you are going to  impose something, tell us why, because this bill would break the  spending caps that this body agreed to just a few months ago.   Now, this is laughably unacceptable.   I also need to point out, and I know this is going to shock many  people, that the budget caps we agreed to were hardly a model of fiscal  discipline. Quite the contrary, they were very liberal, very generous.   Now, look, I have no problem with this particular funding. I want to  be clear on that. I have no problem with this particular funding. It  may be a very wise use of taxpayers' money, but if it is true, then  have the courage to stand up and say: ``This is how we are going to  fund it. This is how we are going to pay for it.''   Adjustments to the agreed spending caps adversely impact our ability  to monitor discretionary spending by allowing funding to come outside  of the caps rather than within the base budget.   Again, while it may be true that this trust fund needs to be fixed,  this is not the way to address the issue, by adding nearly $10 billion  to what is a $22.5 trillion deficit. For our children and our  grandchildren, this is not the way to move forward.   Now, I want to mention one other final and, experience would show,  certainly, a reasonable fear, and that is this: H.R. 2440 sets a  dangerous precedent for other programs looking to operate also outside  of the spending caps. If we bust the caps for this, then what other  reasonable programs must we fund outside of the budget caps?   Everyone has a special program they want to fund. Everyone has got a  sacred cow that they want to fund. Sadly, there are no more cows in  Heaven, because all the sacred cows are down here in Congress trying to  find a way to be funded.   We must remain defiant toward adding onto our already existing and,  as it has been pointed out, including by our friend in the opposition,  existential threat from runaway spending. I stand in opposition to  that.    Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to research that for the  gentleman. There may be some.    