 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the Trump administration is currently  threatening Congress with the furlough of 150 employees at the Office  of Personnel Management unless we, the Congress, acquiesce to the  administration's so-called plan to abolish OPM altogether and give the  Trump White House control of governmentwide Federal employee policies.   My amendment would put an end to the administration's plan to use the  careers of 150 loyal civil servants as bargaining chips for the  proposal to abolish OPM altogether. This proposal lacks merit,  justification, or even a coherent rationale.   And you don't have to take my word for it. The Government  Accountability Office has testified that OPM's leaders ``have not  established outcome-oriented goals, developed a cost-benefit analysis  or implementation plans, and have not fully involved or communicated  their efforts with the Congress, employees, and other key  stakeholders.''   Both Republicans and Democrats have expressed similar skepticism  about this plan here in the House and in the other body.   My Republican counterpart in the Senate, Chairman James Lankford, has  said: It is hard to get to the determination of how this makes anything  better, meaning the proposal.   The Federal Government's most essential resource is its 2.6 million  employees, who comprise the most professional, nonpartisan civil  service in the world. Developing and enforcing the policies to protect  them from political interference has been the task of the independent  agency OPM.   OPM administers the largest employer-sponsored health insurance  program and processes retirement benefits for 2.5 million Federal  retirees and survivors. It vets and trains candidates for some of our  Nation's most important civil service positions. It also provides  dental, vision, and medical insurance to 8 million Federal employees  and their families. In short, Mr. Chairman, OPM is the agency that  serves the people who serve the American people.   We have watched as this administration has attempted to curtail the  independence of the civil service itself and reverse more than a  century of protected reforms implemented by professionals in the civil  service and to insulate them from political influence. Now the  administration is holding the careers of 150 civil servants hostage in  an attempt to force Congress' hand to this terrible idea. Much is at  stake, and we cannot allow civil servants to serve as bargaining chips.   On May 21, my subcommittee held a hearing that eviscerated the  administration's half-baked plan to eliminate OPM, and criticism was  bipartisan. I told Acting Director Weichert then that the plan was dead  on arrival and that she needed to start over to find a way that we  could work together on a bipartisan basis to improve this essential  agency. She said she would, and I took her at her word.   Despite clear messages and continued oversight, Ms. Weichert has  moved forward with plans that further weaken an agency in need and  failed to live up to her end of the agreement. Just last week, OPM  officials announced their intention to lay off or possibly furlough 150  employees because they could not afford to keep them on the payroll,  they said. This threat was made in spite of proposed appropriations  levels above what would be needed to fill any anticipated budget gap.   The administration's inadequate plan, if one can call it a plan, to  dismantle OPM has been a disaster. Now, after realizing they can't  prevail on the merits of their proposal, unfortunately, the  administration is resorting to blackmail. They are willing to risk the  livelihoods of 150 members of our civil service--men and women who have  dedicated their careers to serving the Federal workforce that serves  the American public--and on a plan that fails the sniff test.   I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to put  language in appropriations bills that prohibit the administration from  using Federal funding to implement any part of this reorganization  plan. I now seek to add an amendment that would prohibit OPM's  threatened furloughs or a reduction in force.   I have also filed an amendment for the Fiscal Year 2020 National  Defense Authorization Act that would require OPM to halt its  reorganization effort and consult with Congress.   On Thursday, my subcommittee will hold OPM officials accountable for  the lack of documents provided to Congress about the plan to eliminate  OPM; and, at that hearing, I intend to tell OPM that they will not  dismantle a critical Federal agency on my watch.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   