 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to say a few words this afternoon  about the funding of our military, the support for our troops, and what  just happened on the U.S. Senate floor because it is a pretty sad  exercise that, unfortunately, happens way too often in this body. I  know it can be confusing to the people who are watching in the Gallery  and on TV, but I want to explain what just happened because the  American people should know what is happening right now in this body.   Unfortunately, it is deja vu all over again on the Defense  appropriations bill. Now, I enjoy my bipartisan work. Some of the best  friends I have made here in the Senate have been on the other side of  the aisle, but there are also principled disagreements on key issues  between some of the parties here. One of them is whether we fully  support our military and national defense and if we make that support a  priority, not a political football, which is what we just witnessed on  the Senate floor.   Now, I know all of my colleagues are patriotic. I have no doubt about  that--all 100. We all love our country. Yet, in our looking at history  over the decades and also just in the past few years, it certainly  leaves one with the impression and the strong conclusion that my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle support our military when it  is convenient but have much higher priorities for which they are ready  and willing to undermine military funding, readiness, and support for  our troops who keep us safe.   To put this in context, we just voted to get on the Defense  appropriations bill, which is the bill that funds our military. We had  a budget agreement several months ago that did that. We just took up a  previous appropriations bill. The plan in the Senate was to go from the  bill on appropriations that we just passed to the Defense bill. That  was the plan. Lo and behold, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle said: No. We are going to filibuster the funding for our  military. That is what just happened.   America, media, please understand that this is what just happened.   As I mentioned with regard to my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, this priority for the military isn't always there. I also  mentioned decades. If you look at the national Presidential level over  the past four decades during which a Democratic President has been in  power--think about it: President Carter, President Clinton, President  Obama--what has happened? Defense spending has been cut dramatically  every time, and the readiness and morale of our military forces has  plummeted. That is a fact.   I chair the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management  Support. From 2010 to 2015, defense spending for our military declined  by 25 percent, which was President Obama's second term, and we are  still digging out of the hole we dug for our military with regard to  readiness. Let me give you a couple of examples.   In 2015, when I first got to the Senate, 3 out of 58 brigade combat  teams in the U.S. Army were at the tier 1 level of readiness that we  expect. Think about that. The men and women who joined the Army who  were ready to fight were in 3 out of the 58 brigade combat teams. The  brigade combat team is the 5,000-man building block of  [[Page S6349]]  the Army, but over half of the Marine Corps naval aviation couldn't fly  in 2015. Think about that. In terms of training for all pilots in the  military, the flight times plummeted to, I think it was, about 8 hours  a month.   My very first challenge in 2015 was part of this Obama drawdown of  the military. Right when I got here, they had announced that they were  going to cut an additional 50,000 U.S. Army Active-Duty troops. This  was in 2015. This was only 4 years ago. Again, national security  challenges are growing in the world, and 4 years ago, the Obama  administration cut the Army by an additional 50,000 Active-Duty troops.  This included a very important unit for the Army that happened to be in  my State, the 4th Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division--a 5,000- man Airborne brigade combat team. It was the only airborne, Arctic- trained unit in the entire Asia-Pacific, in the entire Arctic. It was  on the chopping block to go.    We fought that. I fought that. It was an issue I put hundreds of  hours into with my team. I put a hold on the Secretary of the Army's  confirmation. I put a hold on the Chief of Staff of the Army's  confirmation to finally get their attention that this was a bad idea  for America's national security. We won that fight, but the other  40,000 Active-Duty troops whom the Obama administration decided to get  rid of are gone, and we are still rebuilding from that.   Make no mistake, if one of my colleagues who is running for  President--my colleague from Massachusetts or my colleague from  Vermont--gets elected next year, defense spending is going to plummet.  That is just the way it is.   Go look at some of the versions of the Green New Deal for which they  are advocating. It is not just about shutting down resource  development. Some of the versions of that legislation, of that idea,  say we are going to cut defense spending up to 50 percent. That is in  the legislation.   So that is at the national level.   What about what has been going on in the U.S. Senate?   I have been here for almost 5 years. One of the big reasons I ran for  the Senate was to stop the gutting of our military and to take care of  our troops. I mentioned that from 2010 to 2015, readiness plummeted and  that defense spending plummeted, but we have turned that around. In  this Congress, with the Republicans in control and with a Republican in  the White House, we have turned that around.   Now we are rebuilding our military, and a lot of my Democratic  colleagues have supported this. I want to give them credit. They  realized the Obama cuts were very harmful to our readiness, to our  military, and to their families. There has been bipartisan support for  rebuilding our military, but--and this is a big ``but''--this has been  a big struggle. Why? Every time my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle have higher priorities than funding our troops and the national  security of our Nation--and I am not sure there are many higher  priorities than that, not in my view, anyway--they turn to holding  hostage defense spending by filibustering the funding of our military.   That is just what happened a couple of hours ago--actually, an hour  ago--here on the Senate floor. Their friends in the press don't report  on it, but it happens all the time. This puts lives at risk, and this  undermines our military. By the way, the members of the military see  this. The press might not report on it, but our Nation's troops and  their families watch.   I said it happens all the time. Let me give you a couple of examples.   In 2015 and in 2016, when the minority was led by Harry Reid, of  Nevada, he filibustered the Defense appropriations bill seven times.  Again, the media didn't report on it. I am a colonel in the Marine  Corps Reserves, and I trained with the Marine Corps Forces Special  Operations Command. I remember being out, training with these marines,  many of whom are now going off to the Middle East--to Syria, Iraq,  Afghanistan. Yet what was going on in the Senate was that the minority  leader, Harry Reid, was blocking the funding of the troops.   I get it, that one leader of the Democratic Party was doing that, but  what really shocked me back then was why all of the colleagues on his  side followed suit to do that. I still can't understand it, especially  the colleagues who have a significant military presence in their  States, like in my State, the great State of Alaska.   During that time, I went to the majority leader, Leader McConnell,  and asked him to keep bringing this bill to the floor. Let's debate it.  Let's talk about it. Let's see if the American people understand what  is happening, which I think they did. As we kept bringing this up to  the minority leader of the U.S. Senate, many of us came down here and  asked the questions: Why are you doing this? Do you not think the  American people understand? Do you not think the troops understand?  Come down to the Senate floor and explain why you are not supporting  the funding of our troops and their families and military readiness.   Unfortunately, he never did that. That was a couple of years ago, and  it is deja vu all over again today.   We tried to bring the Defense appropriations bill to the floor in  September, before the end of the fiscal year, but my colleagues on the  other side filibustered. What does that mean? It means they didn't want  to vote on it, and they didn't want to deal with it so they didn't let  us vote and get the 60 votes to get on the bill.   Now we are a month into the new fiscal year, and as we just saw on  the floor, we finished another appropriations bill that had strong  bipartisan support. The plan was to then go to Defense appropriations,  but there was another filibuster. Amazing. I still haven't heard an  explanation from anybody on the other side as to why they are doing it,  but I will tell you this: It is clear to me that supporting our troops  and military readiness are not their priorities.   Here are just a few items in the bill that was just filibustered: a  3\1/2\-percent pay raise. For the Army, there is full support for the  58 brigade combat teams I mentioned that were in such a low state of  readiness. By the way, it is increasing. I think the number is close to  25 brigade combat teams now that we have been funding the military at  tier 1 levels. Included is support for the Navy's carrier strike  groups, amphibious-ready groups for the Marines and Navy, and Navy and  Marine aviation units. It funds the maximum amount of flying and  training for our Air Force pilots, which has been such a problem in  terms of readiness. There is a huge boost to missile defense, most of  which is based in the great State of Alaska, and it appropriates the  funding to buy 96 F-35s in fiscal year 2020. These are the most  sophisticated fifth-generation fighters. Two squadrons of F-35s will be  coming to my State soon--this is funding for that--to compete with  China and Russia.   These are just a few of the particulars, but what do these numbers  really amount to? A better paid, better equipped, and more lethal  military force.   That is what the American people want from us. It doesn't matter  party--Democrat, Republican--or region--South, North, Alaska, Florida-- the people want this. The troops want this. Their families want this.   We have troops in harm's way right now all around the world.  Yesterday, almost every one of the Members of this body--all 100  Senators--went to a top secret briefing about the raid that killed the  ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi. We were able to actually see some of the  video of the remarkable professionalism, courage, and dedication of our  military Special Forces who went in there at great risk to their lives  and took out this ruthless, brutal, dangerous terrorist.   We owe these and our other military members and their families such a  huge debt of gratitude and certainly the support of the Congress of the  United States.   I was honestly thinking this morning: How can any Senator who  witnessed that yesterday--and I think all 100 were there--come to the  floor this afternoon and filibuster the funding for our military? Well,  a bunch of them just did.   I don't know why, but as far as I can tell, since I have been in the  Senate--going on 5 years--that is the ninth filibuster of defense  spending in the appropriations for our military and their families that  my colleagues on the Democratic side of this body have done.  [[Page S6350]]    Let me repeat that. Nine times in the last 4\1/2\ years, there has  been this exercise to hold our military hostage for some other  political priority by denying them funding--nine times.   I checked, and since I have been here, there has been no bill--no  bill--filibustered more by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  than the bill that would fund our military.   Think about that. Think about that for a minute. This is the bill,  when they want to leverage some other issue that has nothing to do with  national security, that they pick out and they filibuster--nine times  in the last 4 years.   I think it is shameful. It is politics pure and simple, certainly  driven by the extreme left of their party, many of whom have not  focused on the national security of our country and supporting our  troops. They are trying to leverage funding for our troops to gain  political concessions on other issues.   Here is the bottom line: The men and women who serve in the military  don't deserve this. I wish the press would write about it. Don't hold  your breath on that.   For my part, I am going to continue to come down here, as I have done  before on this very issue, and say: Look, if there is one thing we  should be focused on, it is supporting our military and funding them  and their families to make them ready, to make them lethal, to enable  them to protect our country.   If there is one bill in the Congress that we shouldn't have  filibustered nine times in the last 4 years, it is this one. But that  is what just happened.   I hope more Americans see this. Call your Senators who voted no today  and tell them you don't agree with that vote. You do not agree with  that vote. I guarantee you, the men and women who serve our country  don't either, and they would appreciate if you would weigh in on their  behalf.   I yield the floor.   