 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Meadows), my friend and colleague, for yielding.   I also rise today to ask my colleagues to oppose the joint  resolution, which, obviously, as has been said will terminate the  President's proclamation, as he has declared a national emergency on  the southern border.   As I have previously stated during other debates on this issue, it is  clear that there is a national emergency that exists. The American  people understand that unchecked and unregulated immigration, which is  in violation of our Nation's laws, has created a border security and  humanitarian crisis, which allows the flow of drugs, human trafficking,  and gang members into this country, as well as causing desperate  situations that are faced by women and children who make this dangerous  journey.   Furthermore, I think it is important for this debate that we remember  and make clear that it is clearly within the authority provided by  Congress for the President to do this.   As an appropriator, I understand the importance of Congress'  responsibility for military construction funding, and I appreciate the  work my colleagues have done on the Subcommittee on Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. I had the  privilege to be a vice chair of that subcommittee several years ago.  But I also recognize that Congress has to provide the executive branch  with reprogramming authority for military construction under title 10,  U.S. Code, section 2808.  [[Page H8066]]    This is not the first time this authority has been invoked. President  George Bush invoked it, and President Obama invoked it. I think it was  a total of 18 projects between those two Presidents, between 2001 and  2014.   I think most Americans agree with President Trump that there is an  emergency at the southern border. It has gotten worse in recent years.   I ask my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this resolution and acknowledge  the seriousness of the border security and the humanitarian crises on  the border.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this joint resolution.   