 Madam President, I rise today to speak about  the greatest threat the United States faces in the next century, the  threat of Communist China.   I have been saying, for months, Communist China is not our friend.  They are stealing our technology; refusing to open up their markets to  foreign goods as required by the WTO; militarizing the South China Sea,  even after promising President Obama they wouldn't; holding over 1  million Uighurs in prison camps just for their religion; harvesting the  organs of detainees against their will; and Communist China is  intentionally pushing fentanyl into the United States, killing  Americans every day.   Communist China continues to strip the people of Hong Kong of their  basic rights. I was the first Senator to visit  [[Page S6653]]  Hong Kong since the protests started nearly 6 months ago. I had the  opportunity to meet with the protestors--students, parents, and  grandparents--who are fighting to regain the freedom they were once  promised. I heard their stories, horrible and frightening stories of  police brutality, threats against individuals and their families, and  mysterious disappearances.   Six months in and no signs of Communist China loosening their grip-- their efforts to crack down on the protests in Hong Kong reflect their  commitment to denying basic human rights and snuffing out any  opposition to their totalitarian goals. We cannot stay silent. General  Secretary of the Communist Party Xi is trying to be the dominant world  power. It is Hong Kong now, then it will be Taiwan.   Communist China believes that, in order for them to be stronger,  other freedom-loving countries must be weaker. As Communist China  becomes more and more aggressive, we must ask ourselves: Is this the  next Tiananmen Square? We all remember that famous image. Times have  changed, but one thing stays the same: Wherever totalitarian regimes  exist, there will be brave freedom fighters who will stand up against  injustice and stand for human rights. That is what we are seeing in  Hong Kong today.    Beijing soldiers have been appearing on the city streets, raising  questions about the army's future role. Will Communist China once again  use its military might to quash peaceful protests? Will they once again  stand against those fighting for human rights and democracy? Will the  United States stand by and allow this to happen?   We are seeing Americans like Michael Bloomberg putting profits above  human rights and propping up the Chinese Government by continuing to  host huge events in Communist China. It is time for the world to stand  and present a unified front against Communist China's aggression, and  that starts with supporting the brave people of Hong Kong.   We must do everything we can to communicate our commitment to  democracy, freedom, and human rights. I am proud to stand in support of  the Hong Kong Freedom and Democracy Act, which will give the United  States more authority to reevaluate Beijing's influence on Hong Kong.  This bill makes it clear that General Secretary of the Communist Party  Xi needs to comply with what China agreed to in 1997. Communist China  must give Hong Kong its autonomy, or the United States will continue to  ramp up pressure on Communist China.   We cannot underestimate this threat. We must be vigilant. We must be  aggressive. America's role of fighting for freedom and liberty  worldwide depends on it. The future of our children and grandchildren  depends on it.   To the brave and resilient people of Hong Kong, the United States is  with you. Your fight will not be in vain, and it does not go unnoticed.   And to Communist China and General Secretary of the Communist Party  Xi, consider your next moves carefully. The world is watching.   I won't stop fighting until America's economic and political future-- and the freedom of nations across the globe--is secure from the threat  of China's influence.   I want to thank Senator Rubio and Senator Cardin and all Senators of  the U.S. for their support of this bill.   I yield the floor.   