 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order of  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the arms industry is a unique industry. It  is not like making shoes or apparel. It is not like selling watches.  You are selling things that, when used properly, kill other people.  They are deadly weapons that we have. We have accumulated the  technology by the taxpayer paying for this. We have helicopters,  planes, guided missiles, and we are able to refuel planes.   It is not a jobs program, and it is not something that--we don't  willy-nilly give weapons to everyone. We don't sell weapons to Russia  and we don't sell weapons to China because we have disagreements, and  we don't think it would be in our best interest to sell weapons to  them.   We also don't sell weapons, typically, to people we think are  untrustworthy. I think there is every evidence that Saudi Arabia can be  put in that category. When you have direct evidence and when our own  intelligence community has concluded that there is high confidence that  the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia butchered a dissident with a bone saw  in a consulate in a foreign country, you would think that would give us  pause as to giving Saudi Arabia or selling Saudi Arabia more weapons.   But it is worse than that. We are not only selling Saudi Arabia  offensive weapons, we are also talking about giving them nuclear  technology. The nuclear technology, they say, is only for energy, but  you have to wonder. A country that sits atop one of the largest oil  reserves in the world is now saying ``Oh, we don't have enough fossil  fuel. We need nuclear power''? There have been people who have gotten  nuclear technology and then have moved on to nuclear weapons.   What could possibly be the worst thing to happen to the Middle East?  It would be to have three powers there with nuclear weapons. We had  Iran before. They now have the knowledge to enrich. They made an  agreement not to enrich. They are still threatening to enrich uranium.  What do you think will happen if Saudi Arabia gets nuclear technology  and there is any rumor of their progressing on towards developing  nuclear weapons? What will Iran do? Automatically, they will do the  same thing.   It also happens in the conventional weapons arena. So every time we  sell or give missiles to Saudi Arabia, what do you think Iran does?  They have to either buy more or make more. It is an arms race. We are  feeding both sides of an arms race.   But you will hear people in Washington say: But Iran--they are a  malign influence. Well, yeah. So is Saudi Arabia. But what do we do  when we have two powers that show tendencies toward evil and show  tendencies toward acting in ways that are against our national  interest? Do we just blindly give weapons to anybody who is opposed to  Iran because Iran is a malign influence? Well, what about Saudi Arabia?  They have spent $100 billion spreading this radical jihadism to other  cultures; $100 billion around the world preaching hatred of Christians,  hatred of Jews, hatred of Hindus. Yet we give them more weapons.   There is a madrasa supported by Saudi Arabia--that is a so-called  religious school in Pakistan--and 80 percent of the boys who graduate  from the school--because, of course, girls aren't allowed to go to  school under this kind of religion--80 percent of the boys who graduate  from the school fight in the Taliban against the United States. Why  would we give weapons to a country that teaches hatred of our country  and actually trains fighters to fight against our soldiers? What person  in what insane world thinks it is a good idea to fund people who  fundamentally don't like us? Why in the world do we keep doing this?   Last week, we voted on sending weapons to Qatar. Do you know who  Qatar supplies weapons with? Hamas. I thought we were allies with  Israel. But we fund Qatar, which sends missiles and weapons to Hamas,  who then bombs Israel. Qatar also hosts fundraisers for ISIS. Remember  ISIS--the ones chopping people's heads off? Why would we give weapons  to countries that give weapons to our enemies?   In the Syrian civil war, we went in on the side of those who were  opposed to Assad. Now, Assad is no saint, no Democrat, no Jeffersonian  Democrat, no believer in freedom; yet the people on the other side-- most of them hate Israel. Most of them despise any rights for women.  Most of them--many of them are allied with al-Qaida. Who is al-Qaida?  The people who attacked us on 9/11. Al-Nusra, al-Qaida, ISIS--who do  they get weapons from? Saudi Arabia and Qatar.   Even Hillary Clinton admitted this in one of the emails that were  released. Hillary Clinton was talking to John Podesta by email, and she  said: We have to do something about this. Saudi Arabia and Qatar are  arming and providing logistical help to ISIS.   So why does it go on? Some would say: Because people make a big  profit on this. This is a jobs program for the arms industry, and we  have to make sure they make their profit.   I disagree. This is an industry that uniquely has to do with our  national interests. It is uniquely paid for by the taxpayer. These  weapons are owned by the taxpayer, and we should not sell them to  people who are not our friends.   This is what the debate is about today. We will vote shortly on  whether or not we should sell offensive weapons to Saudi Arabia.   What are they doing with the weapons? Well, they are bombing  civilians in Yemen, for one. They are transferring some of the weapons  in Yemen to al-Qaida. Al-Qaida and the larger umbrella group that  attacked us on 9/11 are active. They are called AQAP in Yemen. There  are news reports in the last week that Saudi Arabia is indiscriminantly  giving arms to anybody who is opposed to the group they are fighting  against, the Houthis.   Who supports the Houthis? The Iranians.  [[Page S4138]]    Is one side better than the other?   Are we so blind to the malign influence of Saudi Arabia that we give  money and weapons to anybody regardless of what they do? You can chop  up a dissident. You can cut a dissident up to pieces with a bone saw,  and we will still give you weapons?   My goodness, I can't imagine. I do not think that people in this body  who will continue to sell weapons to Saudi Arabia are listening to the  people at home. I guarantee, if we asked the people at home, if we had  a national poll and everybody got to give their opinion, how many  people at home do you think are saying: Oh, well, they just chopped up  a dissident--no big deal. Let's just keep sending them weapons. Oh,  well, they are giving weapons to Hamas. Yes, you know, we don't really  care. Or, well, they are bombing civilians.   The Saudis killed 150 people at a funeral procession--people marching  at a funeral procession. They knew it was a funeral procession. This  was no fog of war, no mistake. This was an intentional act to kill  people at a funeral procession. There were 150 people killed and 450  wounded. About 1 year ago, they killed 40 schoolchildren on a  schoolbus.   They are indiscriminately bombing civilians, and they are blockading  Yemen, which is one of the poorest countries on the planet. Millions of  people--some estimate between 14 and 17 million people--live on the  edge of starvation because of this war. The Saudis are preventing food  from coming in. They have blockaded Hodeida, which is one of the key  ports where food needs to come in. Yemen imports 80 percent of their  food. The Saudis are blockading them and people are starving, and we  are allied with Saudis. We supply them with bombs that they drop on  civilians and until the last few months we were refueling the very  planes that were dropping the bombs.   People talk sometimes about, you know, a dream of peace in the Middle  East. If you want to have a peace plan in the Middle East, people say:  Well, it is Israel and Palestine who have to come to a peace agreement.   Do you know what the bigger problem is--an even bigger problem than  that conundrum--which is a conundrum? It is figuring out how to have  peace between Saudi Arabia and their allies and Iran. Everything around  here is Iran, Iran, Iran, Iran. Do you know who spends the third-most  amount of money on the military in the world? Saudi Arabia. First, it  is the United States. We spend more than the next 10 countries  combined. We spend more than all the rest of NATO combined, for that  matter. Then, a distant second is China, and, then, there is Saudi  Arabia.   Saudi Arabia spends more on their military than Russia and more than  most of our NATO allies. Yet people say: Oh, we have to give them more  arms because Iran is a bad actor. What if they are both bad actors?   Currently, Saudi Arabia and the Gulf sheikdoms around them spend 8  times more than Iran. I am not saying Iran is a great place or that the  government is great. What I am saying is, when you have two bad actors,  when you have two malign influences, do you think we always have to  choose the lesser of two evils? Do we have to always look askance and  say: Oh, whatever--you know, as long as we are doing something that is  opposed to Iran.   One of our other so-called allies over there is Bahrain. We have a  naval base there, and we say: It is important to have a naval base, and  we have to look the other way. They have 4,000 political prisoners.  Saudi Arabia actually imprisons people for political reasons, and they  don't just kill them. They behead them and crucify them--I think, in  that order. They put the bodies out for public display.   They executed a guy named Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, who was of a minority  religion. The Saudis are Sunnis. This guy was a Shia religious person  and spokesman. He was executed. His nephew is being held in prison and  has been for several years now. He was 17 when he was arrested. His  crime was sending a text message to encourage people to protest against  the authoritarian regime of Saudi Arabia.   I think the problem is that some people come to the conclusion that  arms are always good and we should never do anything to condition the  sale of arms to behavior. Well, I am not for sending more arms there,  period, because it is a cauldron always threatening to boil over.   Let's say you were someone who would say: Oh, no, we have to arm  them. Perhaps we should condition arms on good behavior. Perhaps, if  you are cutting up a dissident with a bone saw in a foreign country,  maybe we should stop arms for a while to see if maybe you can get  better people in the government or maybe to see if your ways will  change.   Saudi Arabia said: Oh, we are doing it differently now. We are not  going to fund radical jihadism around the world.   But they spent $100 billion infecting the world with the ideas of  hatred of the West, hatred of Christians, hatred of Jews, and hatred of  Hindus. There used to be a couple hundred of these schools in Pakistan.  There is now said to be 20,000 schools in Pakistan. The Saudis support  schools not just in Pakistan but throughout the world--in Indonesia and  India and all over the Middle East. They support these schools that  teach intolerance and hatred of the West. Yet we are one of their  biggest arms suppliers. It makes utterly no sense, and it should be  reconsidered.   We will have a chance to vote today, and the numbers are growing.  When I first introduced a resolution to disapprove of arm sales to  Saudi Arabia, I think I got 22 votes. We did it again a couple of  months later, and I think we got in the forties. I think there is a  chance today that we will get close to 60 votes.   We will have to get to 67 to overcome a Presidential veto. Look, I am  a big fan of the President on many fronts, but on this someone has to  stand up, even a Member of his own party and say: Arms sales are not  jobs programs, and they should be conditioned on behavior, and we  should not sell arms to countries that hate us.   As for these countries that burn our flag and chant ``Death to  America,'' we shouldn't be arming them.   At one point in time, there were reports about ISIS. Remember the  people who were beheading people in the desert over the last couple of  years and spreading throughout the region? There were reports that they  have $1 billion worth of Humvees. Some of them were captured, but some  came because of indiscriminate arms. There are arms everywhere.    So when we had the Syrian civil war going on, all throughout the news  media--public, private, everywhere--everyone was saying that Saudi  Arabia and Qatar were giving arms to anybody, indiscriminantly giving  arms to people. One of the groups that got arms and one of the groups  that got anti-tank weapons--these are shoulder-launched missiles--said  in a news report right after they got them: When we are done with  Assad--they didn't talk about ISIS, and most of them didn't care about  ISIS because they actually kind of agree with ISIS's religion--we are  going after Israel next.   So we are arming people who are potential if not real enemies of  Israel. We are arming people who are teaching hatred of the West,  hatred of Christians, hatred of Hindus, and hatred of Jews. We are  arming these people. Why are we doing that?   Let's say you don't agree with everything I have said, and you say:  Well, maybe we should get them to behave better. Why don't you withhold  arms for 6 months at the least?   Why don't we just stop for a while?   They have enough arms to blow up the Middle East 10 times over. Is  there just no stopping? Is there no limitation to what we will do? Do  we not believe that any of our arms sales should be conditioned on  behavior?   This is a big deal and a big vote, and it is my hope that the  American people will watch how people vote and decide: Is this who I  want representing me? Do I want someone representing me who is selling  arms to people who hate our country, who spend hundreds of billions of  dollars on schools teaching hatred of our country? Do I want to have  people representing me who continue to flood the Middle East with arms?   That is what this vote is about, and I hope the American public will  pay attention to how people vote today and to which direction they want  the country to go in.   We have had enough war. This is something I agree with the President  on. We have had enough war. We have  [[Page S4139]]  been at war too long in too many places.   We have been 19 years in Afghanistan, and to what end? I was for the  initial purpose of getting those who attacked us on 9/11. I would have  voted to go. But after 19 years, it is nation-building. We are spending  $50 billion a year. We build roads, and they blow them up. We build  schools, and they blow them up.   We have roads and schools crumbling in our country. We don't have an  extra $50 billion to spend in Afghanistan. We are $1 trillion short  this year. We are going to spend $4 trillion, and we are bringing in $1  trillion--not great economics, not great budget balancing on our part.   No. 1, we cannot afford to try to be everywhere all the time, and,  No. 2, the money we are spending overseas is counterproductive.   We went into Iraq and toppled a dictator. What did we get? Chaos. In  the chaos we get ISIS and other groups forming.   We went into Libya and toppled the dictator in Libya. What did we  get? Chaos. It is so confusing in Libya that I am not even sure which  side the U.S. Government is supporting. They were supporting the U.N.- sanctioned government and now they appear to be supporting military  generals who are trying to overthrow that government.   One thing is for sure: The country of Qatar that we voted to send  arms to last week is supporting the side opposite us. So we give arms  to people who are directly involved in a civil war where we are  involved on the other side of the civil war. To me, it seems utterly  preposterous that we keep doing that. There is Qatar's support for the  other side in Libya and their support for Hamas. They are letting ISIS  and al-Qaida do fundraising in their country.   Maybe we need to take a break from the arms race in the Middle East.   I don't think that someone can make a practical or reasonable  argument that there has been more peace since we sent more weapons over  there. They have plenty of weapons to kill each other for another  thousand years. They have been killing each other for 1,000 years. They  have enough weapons to kill each other for another 1,000 years.   Maybe we don't need to be involved in every civil war in the world.  Maybe we can't afford it, and maybe when we have gotten involved, we  had the unintended consequences of actually making it worse.   People have this idea that when you topple a dictator, somehow the  next person they elect is going to be Thomas Jefferson. Well, guess  what. Every time we have toppled a dictator, the people they end up  electing are not Thomas Jefferson. Sometimes in the elections we don't  like whom they elected in the elections and people go back and topple  them again.   So when Egypt actually had an election, they elected somebody from  the Muslim Brotherhood. Many in the Middle East and many in our country  didn't want him. So we helped to get rid of him, and now we have a  military rule with no elections and with the idea that you can be  detained without trial. People say: Well, it is stable. It is another  military autocracy, but we are going to put up with it.    We need to rethink our approach to the Middle East. We need to  rethink the approach that we need to arm one or both sides in every  war. We need to think whether regime change is a good idea, and we need  to look at the practical effects of our foreign policy and say: Are we  safer somehow?   I think one universal truth is that we are usually poorer by the time  we are done, because what we end up doing is spending good money after  bad.   I will give you a couple of examples in Afghanistan. In Afghanistan  we spent $90 million in a luxury hotel in downtown Kabul. You say: How  does that $90 million hotel protect us? Well, it doesn't, but it is  money. Money runs through all this. Somebody is getting rich, but not  the American taxpayer.   The guy who built it, I think, was a Jordanian national, but he built  a shell of a hotel. He took the $90 million. He got all the payment,  and it was never built. It mostly doesn't have walls, and none of it  was completed. It is now a danger because it sits up across from our  embassy and snipers crawl up in the building.   So the thing is that we asked for $90 million, and we need more now  because, apparently, we now need to tear it down because it is a danger  to our embassy and our soldiers.   So if we could just get $200,000 more, they are going to spend  another couple hundred thousand dollars tearing down a hotel that we  asked you to build in the first place, which we had no business  building whatsoever.   We built a gas station for them in Afghanistan, too. But because our  purpose in the military is now sometimes to fight the enemy but also to  fight climate change--you didn't know this, but part of the military's  goal is climate change now--so we built them a gas station. But we want  to reduce the carbon footprint. So we built a gas station that sells  natural gas. Well, the problem was, No. 1, nobody in Afghanistan has a  car. The average income is about $800. Almost nobody has a car, and no  one has one that burns natural gas.   So what they did is that they had to give them credit cards and buy  them cars that actually ran on natural gas.   We wanted to visit over there and the military said it was too  dangerous to take us there. So we have no idea if it is even in  operation at this point.   I say we need to rethink this, and I urge today a vote against  selling more arms to Saudi Arabia.   Thank you.   