 Mr. President, everywhere I go in Montana, I hear the  same thing from my State's business owners and job creators of the  State; that they need more workers. They need more highly skilled  welders, bricklayers, heavy machine operators, and laborers. The list  goes on and on. I will tell you that I think the biggest limiting  factor to moving our economy forward is a well-trained workforce. These  businesses give living-wage jobs to the folks who are able to fill  them, if they have the skills to fill them.   That is why I was so appalled when the Trump administration  recklessly and cluelessly moved to close so many successful Job Corps  programs across this country.   While we have heard there is some sort of reprieve for the Anaconda  Job Corps, we have not received word that actually means it is going to  stay open or any of the other Job Corps across this country--16 of  which were scheduled for privatization and 9 of which were out-and-out  closures--will stay open.   In Montana's case, we have two successful Civilian Conservation Corps  programs: the Anaconda Job Corps and the Trapper Creek Job Corps. The  Anaconda Job Corps, of course, is in Anaconda, MT. The Trapper Creek  Job Corps is in Darby. These two job training centers play an active  role in our State's economy.   We have a foundry in Butte, MT. It is called Montana Precision  Products. Mike Robbins is a co-owner of that. This company has hired  more than 50 Job Corps graduates in recent years alone--more than 50-- most of whom, if not all, were from the Anaconda Job Corps. He has  promoted these folks--some of them--from entry level to mid-level  managers.   So when Mike and his brother Burt need high-skilled employees, the  first place they look is the Job Corps. Why? Because these folks come  out with a skill set that fits their needs.   Now, you may ask: Who is going into the Job Corps? These are at-risk  folks. These are folks who are having a hard time with life and a hard  time getting a job, and they go in the Job Corps--young people--and  they give them a skill, a skill they can use in the private sector, a  skill that if the Trump administration has their way, they will no  longer be able to receive.  [[Page S3182]]    They will be at risk. They will not be well trained. They will, in  fact, probably end up in some sort of government program instead of  contributing to our economy, and this is what the Job Corps allows them  to do.   (Mr. LANKFORD assumed the Chair.)   Needless to say, they also provide incredible work in our forests,  fighting fires, helping clean up our forests.   It is just amazing to me--it is amazing the shortsightedness of this  decision to privatize 16 and close 9 Job Corps across the country. We  have heard from one of its graduates--I have heard from many of its  graduates, by the way--of the Job Corps in Anaconda and down in Darby  at Trapper Creek. One of the graduates is named Zoey Huff. Zoey told me  the Job Corps saved her life--changed it. Before her time in the Job  Corps, Zoey lived with her parents. She wasn't sure what direction she  wanted to take in her life. She went through the Job Corps, and now she  has a CDL, which is a commercial driver's license. She has that and  certificates that make her an employee who is valued and someone whom  businesses across this country--because I don't think Montana is any  exception--are competing against each other to hire.   The Job Corps gave her the training and the life tools she needs to  succeed, but Zoey's story is not unique. My office has been flooded  with stories like hers. I encourage folks who have been impacted by the  Job Corps to share their story on my website.   I recently heard from Carl in Montana. Carl's father enrolled in the  Job Corps nearly 50 years ago. That 1-year investment in Carl's father  provided him with a career that has lasted him for 45 years, that  allowed him to raise 5 children and help support 11 grandchildren. It  was a good investment because 4-year colleges are great, but they are  not for everybody. There are some folks who would rather work with  their hands than sit at a desk. These are the folks who shower after  work, not before work, and I can relate to these folks. Without  important resources like the Job Corps, we are making it harder and  harder for young people in rural areas to access the job training they  need to succeed in this 21st century economy.   If the President tries again to close the Job Corps, not only will it  immediately reduce the amount of well-trained workers in rural America,  but it will also kill dozens of good-paying jobs in these small  communities that don't support the Job Corps. It is a double punch in  the gut that our rural counties have not felt in a long, long time-- decades.   Once they are closed, by the way--the one in Anaconda has been open  since 1966--once they are closed, it will be hard to get them back.   So when I received the news about the Job Corps 10 days ago, I urged  Secretary Perdue, the Secretary of Agriculture, and Labor Secretary  Alex Acosta to reverse course.   Senator Boozman is on board to help reverse this shortsighted and  irresponsible decision. I am proud to work with him and Senator Merkley  on this issue and appreciate his work to protect Job Corps in rural  America, but we can't do this alone. That is why I, along with Senator  Boozman, am introducing bipartisan legislation that will reverse the  administration's action to close Job Corps not only in Montana but  across this country. I am going to continue to fight until we get a  firm promise from this administration that these Job Corps centers are  going to be around for years to come. We will be introducing  legislation to block closures and prevent these critical employment  centers from being subject to the whim of a President who doesn't know  what is going on in rural America.   My bill will prohibit the use of appropriated funds in fiscal year  2019 and 2020 to close any Civilian Conservation Centers. It will also  prohibit any Agency Secretaries from changing the interagency agreement  that facilitates the operation of Civilian Conservation Centers, thus  preventing the privatization of these programs.   Look, the administration's decision to close these, whether it is in  Montana or Arkansas or any other place, will negatively impact those  States in the whole country. So it is my hope--it is my hope that this  administration will open their eyes and see what is really going on in  this country because, quite frankly, Job Corps has worked for decades  and decades and decades. It has produced people who are valuable assets  to the business community and who raised families and helped support  our economy and are part of the fabric of this great country. Yet this  administration, through their goal to making American great again, has  forgotten about things that make America great and have made America  great.   So whether it is businesses like Mike Robbins' and Burt Robbins'  business or whether it is students who go through this program, like  Zoey, we need everybody in this Chamber--everybody, Democrats and  Republicans alike because we are smarter than that--to make sure we  have Job Corps around for our next generation and generations after.   I yield the floor.   