 Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1644,  the so-called Save the Internet Act.   This legislation seeks to restore the FCC's heavy-handed, stifling  title II regulations of 2015 to govern the internet, the same  antiquated regulations originally enacted to regulate wired phone  companies of the 1930s.   The internet, which is the single most important invention in modern  human history, has thrived precisely due to light-touch regulations.  Reinstating heavy-handed, stifling title II regulations on the internet  is just plain bad policy.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have supported these  stifling title II regulations to ensure what they call net neutrality  and prevent unreasonable discrimination practices of blocking,  throttling, and paid prioritization.   While I agree with my colleagues that no business should engage in  these types of unreasonable business practices, this bill is hardly  neutral. It blatantly ignores ``edge providers,'' such as Facebook and  Google. Just read the headlines about their great behavior. They have  made headlines for things like blocking, throttling, and requiring paid  prioritization of consumer internet services.   Additionally, in the 2 years following the FCC's 2015 order to  regulate the internet under the stifling title II, internet investments  regulations, those investments have actually declined for the first  time and only time in U.S. history outside of a recession.   As a Representative of some of the most unserved rural populations of  Virginia, I have heard from providers, both large and small, that these  stifling title II regulations have hindered their ability to expand  service to rural populations. This is particularly concerning, as  unserved areas already face extreme challenges to gaining access to  broadband. Reinstating these stifling title II regulations would only  further increase the digital divide between urban and rural America.    I am a cosponsor of three bills offered by Ranking Members Walden,  Latta, and Rodgers, all based on bipartisan approaches, which prohibit  the practices of blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization. I  believe all three of these bills provide a bipartisan, permanent  solution to opening the internet.   I urge my Democratic colleagues to work with Republicans to solve  this issue.   