 Mr. President, in a moment here, as my colleagues gather,  we hope to pass the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act.   I first acknowledge all of the people who worked so hard on it--our  staffs, obviously, and, in addition, Senators Cardin, Risch, Menendez,  and over 50 cosponsors, many of whom will join us here this evening. I  also thank Leaders McConnell and Schumer for their support in helping  us get here. I thank Chairman Crapo, who has helped us make some  important changes at the end that will make the sanctions easier to  implement.   A lot of people have been watching on the news the protests that have  been going on in Hong Kong and are wondering as to, perhaps, the depths  of what it is all about.   When the United Kingdom handed Hong Kong over to China, they signed  an agreement that is known as the Joint Declaration. It basically  guarantees a high degree of autonomy and freedom of the people of Hong  Kong. As a result of that agreement, the United States has treated  commerce and trade with Hong Kong differently than it has its  commercial and trade activity with the mainland of China. What has  happened over the last few years is the steady effort, on the part of  Chinese authorities, to erode that autonomy and those freedoms.   The most recent protests really began with a proposal to pass an  extradition law that would allow the Chinese Government to basically  have arrested and extradite someone in Hong Kong over to the mainland.  There was a huge pushback against that, and protests emerged as a  result of it. Even though the Government of Hong Kong has pulled out  from pursuing that law, the protests have continued because the people  of Hong Kong have seen what is coming. They see the steady effort to  erode their autonomy and their freedoms.   The response by the Hong Kong authorities, with its having been under  tremendous pressure from Beijing, has been that of violence and  repression. So far, over 5,000 people have been arrested in Hong Kong.  The youngest has been 12 years of age. The oldest has been 82. Hundreds  more have been injured by violence committed by police authorities but  also by street gangs--criminals, thugs--who have been empowered and  encouraged by the Chinese authorities.   This effort by China to exert control and remove autonomy continues  unabated. Here are some examples. There was a law that was passed that  banned wearing masks, and a Hong Kong court ruled that the ban was  unconstitutional. The so-called National People's Congress in Beijing  today ruled that Hong Kong courts have no authority--no power--to  review Hong Kong Government legislation. Under pressure from Beijing,  the Government of Hong Kong threatened to cancel the November 24  elections--elections, by the way, that China has been interfering in.  China has pushed to ban critics, like Joshua Wong, from running. Seven  candidates who are running have been attacked by street gangs during  this campaign, and two candidates have been arrested while campaigning.   And now for the latest move, China is pushing the Hong Kong  Government to pass what they call the new national security law--a law  that would allow them to arrest political critics and opponents. If  this passes, if that happens, that is the very definition of control  and de facto proof of all loss of autonomy.   By the way, China is also pushing for something very ominous. They  call it patriotic education. What China is really pushing for in Hong  Kong is moving from ``one country, two systems'' to ``one country, one  system''--the Chinese system.   So the bill that we will bring up here in a moment, with tremendous  bipartisan support, requires five quick things that I will touch on.   First, its most important element is that it requires the Secretary  of State to annually certify whether Hong Kong warrants being treated  differently than China. If Hong Kong is no longer autonomous--and that  is the rationale for different treatment--then, they should no longer  receive that treatment.   It says that students in Hong Kong shouldn't be barred from entering  the United States or getting a visa to study here, for example, because  they have been the subject of a politically motivated arrest or  detention.   It says that for the next 7 years, the Secretary of Commerce is going  to report on whether export controls and sanction laws are being  enforced by the Government of Hong Kong or whether  [[Page S6651]]  China is using Hong Kong as a back door to evade export controls and  sanctions.   It says that if Hong Kong ultimately returns and passes that  extradition bill that China wants, the President has to present a plan  to protect Americans from this law.   Last but not least, it mandates that the President identify and  sanction foreigners the President determines, based on credible  information, who are responsible for extraditions, for arbitrary  detention, for torture, or for forced confessions inside of Hong Kong  or any other human rights violations in Hong Kong.   By the way, it would also allow blocking the assets of these persons  if those assets are located here in the United States.   So, in a moment here, as we continue to gather, we are waiting the  arrival of companion legislation.   I yield the floor because I know we have lot of important sponsors  that are here who want to speak on the subject.    Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 238, S. 1838.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment be withdrawn, the Rubio substitute amendment at  the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill as amended be considered  read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.   