 Madam Chair, those who work in hospitals and in social  services are remarkable. They provide Americans with compassion and  care in some of life's most difficult situations. But every day these  workers face real risk of workplace violence.   The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports healthcare and social service  workplaces have higher rates of workplace violence. No American should  feel threatened while on the job. That is why the Occupational Safety  and Health Administration, or OSHA, has recently taken steps to work  with stakeholders and industry partners to analyze the issue on how to  best protect these workers.   H.R. 1309 threatens this collaborative work and denies OSHA the  ability to respond to feedback from the public and stakeholders.   As a small business owner, I know that top-down mandates simply do  not work. The bottom-up approach is the tried-and-true method. Gather  input from all impacted before creating a new policy.   This bill also lacks the research needed to identify and prevent  workplace violence in these settings. In 2016, the Government  Accountability Office said there haven't been enough studies done on  the effectiveness of workplace violence prevention programs and that  OSHA needed to review it further. Why do some of my colleagues think  they know better than the industry, worker representatives, the  scientific community, and the public?   Let's also not forget that rushed mandates like this one come at a  cost. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the cost to private  entities will be at least $1.8 billion in the first 2 years that the  rushed OSHA rule is in effect and $750 million annually after that. It  is also estimated to cost public facilities at least $100 million in  the first 2 years and $55 million annually after that.   When I am back home in my district and talk to healthcare providers,  the last thing they want is another costly government mandate from  Washington. So let's not put the cart before the horse here.   Workplace violence is a serious issue, and it needs a serious  solution. We should not pass this bill until we have a thoroughly  vetted and researched fix. So let OSHA do their job to develop an  effective solution by working with the very people that we are trying  to help.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   