 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment that would stop  the Federal Communications Commission from implementing a proposed  agency rule that would kneecap our Nation's efforts to achieve  universal phone and broadband service.   I would like to thank Representatives Clyburn, Butterfield, and  Bustos for their work on this important amendment.   According to the FCC data, 21.3 million people lack broadband access.  Other estimates are much higher and show as many as 162.8 million  people may not have broadband speed internet. That is why Congress  required the FCC to work towards universal phone and broadband service.   To that end, the FCC established the Universal Service Fund and its  four component programs: the Connect America Fund; the low-income  support program, also known as Lifeline; the Rural Healthcare Support  program; and the Schools and Libraries program.   The proposed FCC rule, which this amendment seeks to block, would  mean cutting available funding for broadband build-out, broadband in  schools and hospitals, and other critical programs. We cannot allow  that to happen.   The rule also proposes to combine the caps of the Schools and  Libraries program and the Rural Healthcare Support program. Combining  these programs would cap, effectively, schools and rural hospitals,  pitting them against each other for Universal Service Fund money, while  doing nothing to advance the goal of universal service.   We cannot allow the FCC to move forward with this rulemaking. We must  ensure that low-income and rural Americans have access to broadband at  home, that rural hospitals have reliable broadband, and that students  can use broadband at school.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman's comments, and I  actually live in a rural town of about 830 people, and last year we got  internet. I was paying, up to that point--I got a half-price sale--$300  a month for 80 measured gigs of internet. And often in winter, I would  call my husband at the end of a month and say: Quit watching Netflix.  We can't afford $15 a gig in order to watch them.   So my neighbors across the street couldn't do their homework because  they didn't have broadband. Health facilities in our area have  problems.   I don't know if studying this is going to solve it. I think having  funds available seems to be the issue, so I think this is important.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Quigley), chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on  Financial Services and General Government.    Mr. Chair, I am one of the founders of the Rural Broadband  Caucus. We have three Democrats, three Republicans--a lot of members.   This is not an issue people want us to have reports or studies on.  They want broadband because, in my district, you can't track your cows  if you don't have  [[Page H5131]]  broadband these days and you certainly can't do your homework.  Healthcare and schools need this, not to have to be competing for the  funds.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   