 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment before the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This is a series of amendments we have seen, as we go throughout the  budget process, asking for an across-the-board cut.   Right now, we are borrowing 18 or 19 percent of our budget, which is  just beyond belief. The speaker before me talked about financial  literacy. We need some financial literacy for the Congress here. My  colleagues cannot continue to put out budgets in which they are  borrowing 18, 19 percent of the money.   In the Financial Services and General Government appropriations, we  have a 5.1 percent increase. In a sane world, we would have a 5.1  percent decrease. But I know who I am dealing with, and I want my  amendment to pass, so we are only going to shave 3.1 percent off the  5.1 percent, which still leaves a mammoth 2 percent increase, not quite  as irresponsible as what the Appropriations Committee came up with.   Sometimes, we are criticized for coming up with these across-the- board cuts, and I can understand the criticism in that it should be  more nuanced. We ought to get rid of some programs altogether, and  maybe some programs genuinely need an increase.   If we are ever going to do what's necessary around here--my  experience is, politically, people back home are willing to take a cut.  Again, this is a 2 percent increase. They are willing to take a cut if  everybody takes the cut and if they don't feel like we are targeting  their program.   So we have an amendment here with an across-the-board 3.1 percent  reduction. I think it is something that probably should pass close to  unanimously around here--we will see if it does--to leave still a 2  percent increase here.   That is my amendment, in general. There are a lot of things in this  bill that probably, constitutionally, our forefathers would be amazed  that the Federal Government was involved in at all.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will point out that, at least with regard  to things like the Small Business Administration, one has to realize  that we had a booming private sector in this country before the SBA.  The idea that we need an increase here at a time when the economy is  the best it has been in my lifetime can be questioned.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   