 Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member for  including my amendments in these en bloc amendments.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. It requires the Secretary of the  Navy to create a report regarding the feasibility of doing maintenance  work on naval vessels at shipyards other than shipyards in the vessel's  home port.   Currently, the Navy has a tremendous maintenance backlog, but under  current law, there are certain restrictions that limit where naval  vessels can undertake maintenance repair. Unless these restrictions are  lifted, the Navy's backlog will only increase exponentially.   At the same time, there are fully qualified shipyards in the rest of  the United States, including the Great Lakes region, Gulf Coast, and  Alaska, that can perform repair work for certain types of naval  vessels. Yards such as Fraser Shipyards in Superior, Wisconsin, have  the capacity and skills to do this work. They just need the chance.   I know Fraser Shipyards and others are dedicated to the national  security mission of the United States and would be an efficient and  competent service provider, and I am certain Fraser Shipyards and  others within the Great Lakes do not stand alone in this process.   Although these vessels may not be homeported in these regions of the  country, it should be within the Secretary's discretion to decide what  types of vessels could be sent to such shipyards to help with the  Navy's maintenance backlog. This could include noncombatant vessels,  vessels with minimal crews, or other vessels that only need limited  periods of time in shipyards for the repair work.   The opportunity to create additional geographic repair centers  presents the United States Navy an opportunity to diversify their  industrial base, create resiliency, and improve our military readiness.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Congressman Duffy and Congressman Cox for  cosponsoring this amendment, and I encourage all of my colleagues to  support the en bloc amendment.   