 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill.   First off, I do want to thank my colleague from Long Island, Mr.  Suozzi. Mr. Suozzi and I have engaged in many conversations about this  important issue, and I am sure that that will continue after today's  debate.   I would like to clear up a few things about this legislation before  us today to cut through some of what has been debated.   This bill permanently hikes taxes on individuals and small businesses  to 39.6 percent for those currently in the 37 percent tax bracket--and  for many in the 35 percent tax bracket as well--in exchange for a very  temporary change of the SALT deduction only until 2021. So the SALT  deduction is going to change very temporarily, but permanently we are  going to be increasing taxes on individuals and small businesses.   We have to understand that 90 percent of U.S. businesses are  passthroughs. They don't pay the corporate tax rate. They pay under the  individual tax rate. Almost 100 percent of all passthrough businesses  have less than 100 employees. We are increasing taxes permanently on  all these small businesses in exchange for that short-term change.   I support multiple active bills that would change the State and local  tax deduction without raising any taxes on individuals and small  businesses. It is important to remember that the only SALT deduction  legislation that will ever provide relief is legislation that can be  signed into law, and this bill which permanently raises taxes on  individuals and small businesses is not it.   In my district, from Main Street to wineries on the North Fork, this  is bad news for small businesses up and down Long Island. I am focused  on providing true tax relief for all hardworking Long Islanders.    It is unfortunate that, at the end of the day, when the  dust has settled, they will continue to be the victims of out-of-State  and out-of-touch congressional leadership putting politics over  commonsense, realistic solutions.   My colleagues know I am eager to work with them to fix this  legislation, so we can actually get this across the finish line and  signed into law to provide true tax relief for hardworking Americans.  But, unfortunately, that very temporary change to SALT in exchange for  that permanent tax increase for individuals and small businesses is why  I can't support this bill in its current form.    Madam Speaker, I think it is important to reiterate the  fact that this bill is just a very temporary change to the SALT  deduction until 2021 in exchange for a permanent increase to taxes on  individuals in small businesses.   While we are having this debate, I think it is also really important  to point out that the reason our State and local tax deduction was as  high as it was is because our State and local taxes are as high as they  are.   As we take this opportunity on this floor, let's send a message to  Mayor de Blasio in New York City, and Governors and State legislators  in Albany, New Jersey, and California, that all levels of government  have a role to play in tax relief. That is why our State and local tax  deduction was as high as it was.   To deliver for my constituents on the east end of Long Island, for  people in our entire State, and for Governor Cuomo and the Democrats  running Albany right now watching this, do your part. My people in my  district are desperate for relief, and Congress shouldn't try to bail  you out time and time again.   We will stand here and fight for you. That is why I support multiple  bills that will make a change to the State and local tax deduction. But  ironically, this is a bill that makes it worse through a temporary  change for the SALT deduction in exchange from a permanent tax  increase. So now, they are getting screwed both ways.   I am a little different from some of my colleagues. I had some  opposition to the bill in 2017, and I am opposed to this bill as well.   For those Democratic politicians who are in New York City and Albany  and putting the screws to my constituents because they only know how to  raise taxes and they don't know how to spend wisely, start doing your  part because that is why our SALT deduction was as high as it was for  so long.   