 Mr. President, several years back, at a committee  hearing of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Director Neil  Kornze of the Bureau of Land Management under the Obama administration  was testifying before our committee on a regulation that was coming out  of the BLM that most, if not all, of the county commissioners and  various organizations in Colorado were opposed to. In fact, the  opposition was so uniform in Colorado and throughout the West that I  couldn't understand why the BLM was going forward with that regulation.   Out of frustration, at one point during the committee hearing, I  said: Director Kornze, if you were just located in the West, if you  were just out west, you would understand why this rule is a bad idea.   The response at the time, several years ago, was kind of a chuckle  and a laugh, and, yes, well, we should talk about that.   It planted the seeds of an idea that actually was made into reality  just last week with the announcement that the headquarters of the  Bureau of Land Management will be moving out west and, indeed, to Grand  Junction, CO.   This announcement was made on July 16, and I commend the efforts of  Secretary Bernhardt and the Department of the Interior for listening to  the people of the West.   This isn't a Republican issue. This isn't a partisan issue. In fact,  this idea to move the BLM headquarters out to the land that it  regulates and oversees has been embraced by Democrats and Republicans  across Colorado and throughout the West.   They also talked about their intention in this announcement to  reorganize the Bureau of Land Management and to relocate a significant  number of headquarters jobs throughout the West, not just in Grand  Junction but in Lakewood, CO, in Montana, in Utah, and beyond.   I think it is important to talk about the reasons why it makes so  much sense to have this particular Agency located in Colorado, in the  West.   Look at this map here. The red on this map is a combination of both  mineral rights and surface lands. You can see the red. Forty-seven  percent of all the land out west is where 93 percent of all Federal  land is located. The Federal Government owns roughly 47 percent of this  land out west. It is where 93 percent of the Federal land is located.  Think about that. Ninety-three percent of all Federal land, here in the  red, makes up 47 percent of the land ownership in the West.   Nationwide, the Bureau of Land Management is responsible for managing  approximately 700 million acres of Federal mineral estates located  underground. That is the entire country, of course, but 245 million  acres are surface acres, or Federal surface lands. All but 100,000  acres of those surface acres--all but 100,000 of those acres--are west  of the Mississippi River, and located predominantly in the 11  westernmost States and Alaska.   One of the frustrations I hear from local and county officials and  environmental activists and farmers and ranchers is that when they deal  with their BLM local field office, they seem to have a very good  experience that people are working together to solve problems, and they  like the conversations they have and the cooperation they are getting  from the local and regional offices. But something happens when that  decision-making process then moves to Washington, DC. Something  happens, and all of a sudden the conversation and communication can  stop. It changes. All of a sudden, the outcomes aren't what they  thought they would be based on those local, productive conversations.   We have seen directives and management decisions coming more from  Washington, DC, lately, instead of from the local field offices, where  people know their communities best and understand the land best. So  what happens is that the deep pockets and special interests in  Washington often carry the day, make the convincing arguments,  thousands of miles removed from where the Federal and the public land  actually is.    That is why it is important to have this BLM move. It changes that.  Instead of having special interests in Washington, in a community that  has none of these public lands located in it, you are able to make that  decision right here, in Colorado, surrounded by public lands, in a  community that is defined by the public lands that they oversee.   I believe government is going to work better when it is local, when  local decision makers are closest to the land that the decisions they  are making affect the most. That is why this decision is so important-- whether it is issues of withdrawal of locatable minerals or the  reduction of grazing permits; the concept of multiple use over time;  the idea that we can use this land for preservation, conservation, or  that we can use it for energy development, or that we can use it for  grazing. That has somehow fallen out of favor.   My friend Greg Walcher, who is a former Senate staffer for Senator  Armstrong, who used to head the Colorado Department of Natural  Resources, wrote an op-ed about this point, pointing out that the  multiple-use mandate includes managing 18,000 grazing permits, 220  wilderness areas, 27 national monuments, 600 national conservation  areas, 200,000 miles of streams, 2,000 miles of wild and scenic rivers,  6,000 miles of national scenic trails, 63,000 oil and gas wells, 25,000  mines, and 50 million acres of forests.  [[Page S5211]]    Not a square inch of that is in Washington, DC. It is in the 12  Western States: Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana,  Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. It has never  made sense for leadership to work 2,000 miles away from these States,  insulated by the inevitably different perspectives of life inside the  beltway. That is what is so important about this decision.   When you don't live in the communities that are among and surrounded  by these lands, it is easy to make decisions that close off energy  development or close cattle ranches and grazing opportunities, because  the consequences are felt out west instead of in Washington, DC.   But this strong push by westerners--Scott Tipton, myself, Secretary  Zinke, and others--began the conversation about modernization and the  organizational structure for the next 100 years of the Bureau of Land  Management, and I appreciate Secretary Bernhardt's decision to make  this happen.   Grand Junction, where the new BLM will be located, is an incredibly  beautiful place, with people who are so supportive of this decision--a  community that knows that when these decision makers are in their  community, they are not going to have to drive hours or take a flight  for 4 hours out of Washington to see BLM lands. Just to look out the  window and to see the lands they manage will result in better decision  making.   Mesa County, where Grand Junction is located, is the county seat. It  is 73 percent Federal land, 46 percent of which is managed by the BLM.  In total, the BLM manages 8.3 million acres of surface in Colorado and  27 million acres of Federal mineral estates in Colorado.   But we are not the only State that will benefit, obviously. There are  a lot of other positions that will be moving across the country to the  State and to the location where those jobs are a best fit. It makes  sense.   I know sometimes people think that Washington is the only place where  people can do government's work or where people can find the kind of  skilled workforce. That is one of the arguments that has actually been  made against the BLM move--that only Washington has the skilled  workforce able to do these jobs.   Look, I am sorry, if you don't want to live in the counties and  communities surrounded by public lands. Then, why are you working for a  public land management agency?   So I am excited about this. I thank the good people with the  Secretary of the Interior who made this decision happen and the  community of Grand Junction, which supported this from day one.   In the same op-ed that Mr. Walcher wrote, he opened with a quote and  said this: ``There is something more powerful than the brute force of  bayonets: It is the idea whose time has come.''   That is where we have finally arrived today, an idea whose time has  come, locating the decision makers who affect our western communities  the most out in the western United States.   I thank the Presiding Officer for the opportunity to talk about this  decision. I commend the Secretary of the Interior for doing what is  right by our public lands, and I will continue to stand up for public  lands throughout this process.   I yield the floor.   