 Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Presidential Library  Donation Reform Act of 2019 to make the process of raising money to  build presidential libraries more transparent. I thank Representative  Mark Meadows for joining me in sponsoring this legislation.   Right now, a president--while still in office--can raise an unlimited  amount of money for a presidential library from private donations, and  the identities of all the donors can remain secret. It is time to enact  this bipartisan legislation to require the disclosure of donor  information.   Presidential libraries are built using private funds accepted through  a private, non-profit organization. The costs of building modern  presidential libraries can be in the hundreds of millions of dollars.  The George W. Bush Presidential Center, for example, cost an estimated  $250 million to build, and President Bush raised several hundred  million dollars to build the facility.   President Obama has also raised hundreds of millions of dollars for  his presidential library. President Obama has voluntarily disclosed the  names of donors who have given $200 or more. While I applaud President  Obama's efforts at transparency, we cannot rely on every president to  voluntarily disclose donor information.   This bipartisan legislation would require the disclosure of  information about every donor who gives $200 or more for a presidential  library and establish penalties for false reporting and non-compliance.  This bill would make these vital changes to the law to deter  inappropriate behavior.   Former Republican Representative John Duncan of Tennessee first  sponsored a bill to improve the process for building presidential  libraries 19 years ago. Representative Duncan also sponsored the same  legislation we are considering today with me last Congress. The bill  had bipartisan support and passed the House last Congress without  opposition. It is past time for us to enact this bipartisan reform and  shed light on an otherwise opaque system.   