 Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman Engel, Chairman Smith,  Representative Khanna, and others for ensuring that the House expresses  its views on the humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen.   After the Republican leader declined to allow this resolution to come  to the floor in December, I promised to bring it to the floor.   Here we are, and now the House will have an opportunity to express  its views to the President and to the country that he ought to end his  administration's support of the Saudi coalition's military campaign in  Yemen. It is a campaign that has led to tremendous human suffering,  with minimal military gains. After 4 years, it is time for a change in  policy.   Let me be clear: The Houthi rebels in Yemen are bad actors, engaging  in brutal actions against civilians, and they are sponsored by Iran.  The Houthis commit human rights abuses, prevent humanitarian assistance  to starving civilians, and exercise a brute form of governance in the  areas they control. We should have no illusion that there are two  parties responsible for this humanitarian catastrophe; however, we are  supporting one of them.   The result of the coalition campaign thus far has been an unmitigated  humanitarian disaster as well as a military stalemate.   Using military force to pressure the Houthi rebels into accepting  coalition demands has demonstrably not worked. It is time, therefore,  for Congress to make clear to the Trump administration and to our  country and to the international community that it cannot simply keep  our Yemen policy on autopilot while the situation not only has not  improved, but deteriorates.   With the United States supporting one party to this conflict, the  best way we promote a peaceful and positive solution is by focusing our  efforts on the variables that we can affect. It is time that we set a  new course forward on Yemen and that the House and Senate need to  demand that the administration uphold basic American values in its  exercise of our foreign policy. That means ending our support for the  Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.   Although not the focus of this resolution, I am mindful that this  debate is taking place a day after the President disregarded the law  and failed to report to Congress who was responsible for the murder of  journalist Jamal Khashoggi. The more the President tries to sweep this  heinous incident under the rug, the more incumbent upon Congress it is  to act.   This resolution is bipartisan. A similar resolution passed the United  States Senate. It was not brought to this floor. I hope it will receive  the strong support of both sides of the aisle.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.    I object.   