 Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my disappointment  that the Rules Committee did not make in order a bipartisan amendment  from the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gonzalez) and I that would have  added 100 immigration judge teams to address the backlog at the  Executive Office of Immigration Review.   With the record number of individuals and families seeking asylum,  [[Page H4785]]  there is a backlog of approximately 730,000 people who are waiting on  hearings. They are waiting, on average, almost 2 years.   Justice delayed is justice denied. It costs all of us, and it has  many social prices, including things like separation of families and  children and people held in detention centers. We need to do more.   I commend the Appropriations Committee for adding some additional  funding in the base text, but these 100 judges would have made a big  difference. There are only 450 judge teams, as we sit here today.   As we think about immigration, it is a very thorny issue. It becomes  shirts and skins pretty quickly. There are very few things, Madam  Speaker, that we agree on. One of them that Republicans and Democrats  agree on is providing more judge teams so that we can process these  claims faster.   I hope to work with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gonzalez). I know  he is committed to it, and I am committed to it, as are the leaders of  the Rules and Appropriations Committees, as we move through the process  to enacting something that funds our government for this year.   I hope that when we get to the final resolution, we will have more  judge teams than are in the base text of this bill. I pledge to work  with folks.   This is a very important issue. It is one of the few issues that  Republicans and Democrats agree on. It is one of the few issues that  will make a big difference.   I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts and the entire Rules  Committee for making in order another amendment that will speed the  hiring process for these judge teams that Mr. Gonzalez and I also  offered. That is a start, but we need more resources.   In closing, I commit to working with Republicans and Democrats to get  a solution that funds more judges to clear this backlog.   