 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Mueller report, released earlier  this month, was divided into two sections. One is detailing the  concerted and coordinated effort by President Putin to interfere in our  Presidential election, an effort the Trump campaign welcomed and at  times amplified. It also included a second section, which laid out a  pattern of dishonesty and interference with a Federal investigation by  the President and his team.   Now, today I want to focus the Senate's attention on the first half  of the report: the coordinated effort by President Putin to interfere  in our elections, which is an unbelievable thing, a threat to our  democracy, and something every American should be concerned about.   Though we have long known about President Putin's interference in the  2016 elections--we have all known about that--the conclusions of the  Mueller report demand a vigorous response by this Congress to ensure  that Putin pays a significant price for his actions and that Putin and  other adversaries will not consider a similar action in the 2020  election cycle. What occurred in 2016 was nothing short of an assault  on our democracy and an attack on our most revered traditions. It was  the kind of foreign influence feared by the Framers and warned about in  the Federalist Papers. It is the very reason we have an emoluments  clause in our Constitution.   Even so, President Trump and his administration met these attacks  with apathy. The President has routinely sought to undermine and weaken  efforts by this Chamber to sanction Russia. The Treasury Department  recently cut a deal to reduce sanctions on the Russian oligarch Oleg  Deripaska.   Just last week, the Times reported that then-Homeland Security  Secretary Nielsen was told to not even mention election security in  front of the President, even though she reportedly considered it one of  America's highest priorities as we head into 2020.   In the face of the administration's disturbing indifference, it is  clear the Senate must act. In the past, this body has proudly come  together, bipartisan, to pass sanctions on Russia. We have not done  enough yet to hold the guilty parties of 2016 accountable, and we must  do more to ensure that a foreign power cannot meddle in our elections  ever again. With that in mind, I have three proposals for my colleagues  to consider.   First, we should pass additional sanctions against President Putin,  his cronies, and other adversaries considering similar malign  activities. There are multiple bipartisan sanctions bills awaiting  action, including the Defending American Security from Kremlin  Aggression Act, called DASKA, and the Defending Elections from Threats  by Establishing Redlines Act, the DETER Act. I would urge the chairmen  of those committees to take up those bills and send them to the floor,  where Leader McConnell should bring them up for serious consideration.   Second, we should commit serious--and I mean serious--resources to  election security. FBI Director Wray and other intelligence officials  have testified that 2016 was not an isolated incident. Foreign powers  will try again to interfere in our elections, they posited, in 2020 and  beyond. Director Wray--and this should trouble every American--called  2018 a dress rehearsal for our adversaries. It might not just be Moscow  next time. It could be Beijing, Tehran, or Pyongyang. If our elections  are susceptible to foreign influence, our democracy is at risk.   We know--we know right now--that another foreign influence campaign  is coming, and if we don't take steps to secure our elections, it would  be astonishingly irresponsible. In fiscal year 2018, we were able to  allocate $380 million in funding through the appropriations process for  States to harden their election infrastructure and help improve  election administration. I thought this was very important and pushed  hard to get it in that budget, that appropriation. Unfortunately,  though, in fiscal year 2019, our Republican colleagues blocked us from  allocating more funding to the States, despite overwhelming demand.  Why? Why would Republicans want to not stop Russia or someone else from  interfering in our elections? It is befuddling. Make no mistake,  though, Democrats will push for more election security money in the  upcoming appropriations process.   We should also take up the bipartisan Secure Elections Act. Ranking  Member Leahy and Ranking Member Klobuchar are the leaders on this  issue, and I hope their diligence will pay off once again.   Third, we must hear from the intelligence and defense community about  the coming threats of 2020. So today I would like to request that  Leader McConnell--I am officially requesting him to schedule an all- Senators classified briefing with the leaders of the Departments of  Homeland Security, FBI, and the Cyber Command to inform Senators about  the threat of foreign interference in the 2020 election cycle. We must  be very aware of these threats and take immediate steps to avoid the  repeat of 2016.   The Senate can do these three things quickly, and each one of them  should be bipartisan and noncontroversial. There are no doubt other  ideas and legislation along these lines we should consider, but this is  a place to get started. I look forward to having discussions with my  colleagues about these items in the coming days.   