 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 32. I wish to start  off by thanking the House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Eliot  Engel for his long-time passion and advocacy on this very important  issue for my district, as well as Grace Meng, who also has been  supportive.   This execution-style murder of Ylli, 25 years old, Agron, 23 years  old, and Mehmet Bytyqi, 21 years old, has greatly impacted my own  district. These were three brothers born in the United States who  resided in Hampton Bays, New York.   This year marks the 20th anniversary of the Bytyqi brothers' murder.  In July 1999, these three brothers went overseas toward the end of the  Kosovo war and were arrested by Serbian authorities for illegally  entering the country when they accidentally crossed into Serbian- controlled territory.   The brothers were kidnapped, murdered, and dumped into a mass grave  in Serbia by government officials still serving today.   Since taking office, I have been committed to helping the Bytyqi  family receive the justice they have long deserved.   In February, Chairman Engel and I traveled to Munich to meet with  Serbian President Vucic, where he once again promised to resolve the  case of the Bytyqi brothers.   Despite many promises by Serbian officials to resolve the case of  this state-sponsored murder, there has been no justice served.   This resolution notes that progress with this investigation should  remain a significant factor that determines the further developments of  U.S.-Serbian relations.   The Bytyqi brothers gave their lives to fight injustice. Now, we must  return this favor and deliver justice for their family.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank Chairman Engel and lead Republican McCaul  for their leadership and assistance on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers and am prepared to  close.   Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  this important resolution.   For those in Serbia listening to today's floor debate, it is an  important lesson that, 20 years later, we have not forgotten. We will  not forget. We will continue to strongly encourage them to do the right  thing. This issue is not going away if they wish it away. On a  bipartisan basis, we will continue to advocate to fight this injustice.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   