 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires the Office  of Refugee Resettlement to report all deaths of children in their  custody.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Mr. Chairman, I want to repeat what my amendment  is. My amendment is to make sure that if a child dies in government  custody, that that death is reported to the Congress. I am shocked that  anybody in this Chamber would disagree with that provision.   I am saying that if somebody dies in ORR custody, they are going to  tell us. So to be opposed to this amendment means that you want to be  part of a coverup and make sure that the government does not say  anything about a child's death.  [[Page H4581]]    The reason that this is so important is because last September a  young 10-year-old girl died. This Congress and the American people were  not told for 7 or 8 months about that young girl's death.   Today, we offer an amendment to make sure that the Congress is told,  that the American people know what is going on with their government.  And when I offer that amendment on the other side, I am opposed, people  are against it. They want to cover up these deaths? They don't want the  American people to know that people are dying?   There have been, in the last few years--actually, in less than a  year--six children who have died in government custody, and more adults  over the last few years.   This is already the rule with the Department of Homeland Security  with ICE. This is extending it to ORR.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, we have a disagreement. I don't  believe this is the law right now. If it already is the law, then what  is the big deal with supporting this amendment? All it does is reaffirm  the law. I am surprised that we can't agree to it.   I want to give you an example and a story of why this is so  important. Last September, when Darlyn Valle died in the custody of the  Office of Refugee Resettlement, news of this death was not revealed to  the American public or Members of Congress until just a few weeks ago  because of a CBS investigation.   Darlyn Valle was 10 years old when she died while in ORR custody. She  was in ORR custody in my hometown of San Antonio when she became  gravely ill and staff sent her to the hospital. However, beyond those  few details, we have limited information surrounding her death because  the administration has decided to deny it to Congress, even after we  asked the officials repeatedly about any injuries, abuse, or deaths on  their watch.   This amendment seeks to end this confusion and enhance transparency  in our government. I want to repeat that again. Last fall, when we were  asking this administration whether any child had died or been seriously  injured in government care and custody, their answer was no.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   