 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, the amendment I have offered increases minimum funding  for the IRS' Tax Counseling for the Elderly program.   Filing taxes remains a far too complicated task in America. I am sure  we can all agree on that. This vital program provides free tax  assistance to people age 60 and older. It is particularly helpful to  filers who have questions about their pensions and retirement.   In my home State, New Jersey Citizen Action is one of the grantees  for this program. They do tremendously positive work, which will only  be enhanced with additional funding.   There are several reasons to strengthen this program:   First, older Americans are often subjected to financial exploitation  schemes. According to AARP, every year, abuse and exploitation rob  older Americans of $3 billion--and this is only the amount that is  reported. Having another set of eyes on elderly filers' finances would  help to identify the victims of these schemes and help us to combat  them.   Next, the ongoing controversy surrounding TurboTax, which manipulated  taxpayers into paying to file their returns despite being eligible to  file them for free, underscores the need for programs that help those  most vulnerable to manipulation. Relatedly, the way we file our taxes  is obviously evolving at a faster rate than many people can keep up  with, including those who have filed on paper their entire lives.   Finally, the new tax law created additional confusion for many  filers. The loss of the State and local tax deduction hurt many  taxpayers in my district, especially seniors struggling to stay in  their homes on a fixed income who were surprised not to get the refunds  they have come to count on.   So, in sum, we should do everything in our power to protect older  Americans and ensure they can file their taxes securely and with  confidence. Let's help this program help even more people next year.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   