 Madam Chair, I would like to speak in favor of the  amendment.    Madam Chair, I thank the ranking member for this  opportunity.   Madam Chair, I represent three coastal counties along northeast  Florida's Atlantic Coast, and one of the biggest grievances that I hear  in our coastal fishing communities is that there are simply not enough  days to fish for red snapper.   Anglers tell me time and time again that they can't fish without  catching red snapper. One diver even relayed to me that the red snapper  were so thick over the reefs, that you could literally walk across  their backs.   Even so, Federal regulators only gave recreational anglers 5 days to  fish for red snapper in the South Atlantic this year, down from 6 days  the previous year, all of this because NOAA simply does not have  accurate data.   Lack of data leads to short seasons or, even worse, no seasons, which  devastates both recreational and commercial fishing and significantly  impacts Florida's economy.   To fix this problem, my amendment will increase the funding in this  bill for data collection of reef fish in the South Atlantic by $3.5  million, which will bring the total to $5 million, which is the same  amount that has been used for the last few years in the Gulf of Mexico,  where it has been incredibly effective.   The funding made available there to improve data collection in the  Gulf over the last few years has made significant improvement in Gulf  red snapper management. For example, in 2014, the Gulf red snapper  season was only 9 days. This year, it is 62 days.   So by providing NOAA with an increase for reef fish data collection  in the South Atlantic, we could ensure commercial and recreational  fishermen have stable access to this crucial fishery and enough fishing  days to maintain their businesses.   We have seen our neighbors along the Gulf use this funding very  successfully. The South Atlantic is in dire need of the same success.   Madam Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this simple  amendment, which will greatly benefit the fishermen and the economies  all along the South Atlantic.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   