 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  her support and for her observation about the utility of fax machines;  the gentleman from North Carolina as well for his comments of support;  and my colleague, Mr. Graves, for his leadership, his advocacy on this  piece of legislation, and for his determination in getting this done.  It was a long, long slog to try to navigate our way through the morass  to get there, but we did, and Mr. Graves' office deserves a lot of  credit for that.   We were able to clear the House unanimously last year, Mr. Speaker,  and I am excited for our prospects this year.   Importantly, as well, Mr. Speaker, today is the first time that  identical texts have been introduced in the United States Senate.  Senators Carper and Portman are taking the lead, and I look forward to  our offices working together to get this bill across the finish line.   For all the attention that is placed on Members of Congress when we  are in Washington, there is no more important responsibility of this  job than helping our constituents back home. Whether assisting a  veteran seeking benefits or a retiree accessing Medicare, we can ease  the burden off of our neighbors' shoulders by getting them the help  that they have earned.   When one of our constituents calls our office, whether it is in  Newton, Massachusetts, or in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, they don't ask us  about our political parties or policy positions; they just ask for a  little bit of help.   Usually, those neighbors only reach our office when they have fought  every other battle possible first; but too often, archaic rules, as  outlined by Mr. Meadows, build obstacles in our efforts to provide that  help. With the CASES for Constituents Act, we can modernize our  government, streamline that process, and more directly assist them when  they need it.   Let's bring the casework process a step closer to the 21st century  and provide electronic access to privacy release forms.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   