 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, there has been a lot of confusion and  outright misinformation about some proposed arms sales to our gulf  partners--specifically, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. I am  grateful for the opportunity this morning to clear up a few things,  especially considering the current high stakes in the region.   As many of you probably have heard, the Islamic Republic of Iran just  this morning shot down an American surveillance aircraft over the  Strait of Hormuz--yet another act of reckless, unprovoked aggression  targeting lawful behavior on the high seas and in the skies. Still, I  know that for some of my colleagues here, Iranian acts of violence are  always to be excused or somehow always the fault of America and  especially of the Trump administration, to which the only appropriate  response is to continue to appease the ayatollahs, to send them pallets  of cash, as the last administration did, and give them billions of  dollars in relief for sanctions--essentially to say: Pretty please,  stop your acts of terroristic aggression and imperial ambition  throughout the region.   It is my duty to inform all those colleagues that this is dangerous  and misguided thinking. Iran, as it did in the mid-1980s, will meet  American restraint with continued aggression. It will watch the outcome  of today's votes in support for our friends in the gulf for signs of  resolve or weakness. I urge my fellow Senators to send the right  message to Tehran.   The administration plans to sell roughly $8 billion in arms to our  gulf partners so they can defend themselves, as well as the many  thousands of Americans within their borders--all from Iranian  aggression. Canceling those sales would not only endanger Americans  overseas and deprive American industry of billions in exports, it would  weaken some of the only countries in a position to effectively resist  Iran's violent rampage throughout the Middle East.   We have heard many objections to these arms sales. First and most  amazing, given the stakes, some Democrats object for procedural  reasons. They are upset that the administration is proceeding over an  informal hold placed by the senior Senator from New Jersey. In doing  so, they claim that the administration is violating a long tradition of  honoring informal holds by the chairman and ranking member of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In effect, they are saying: Let's  block arms sales to our allies in an emergency because the Secretary of  State hurt the feelings of a few Senators.   The actual purpose of those holds--only a courtesy; not a rule; not a  law--is to give those Senators time to fully examine a proposal and to  foster engagement between the Senate and administration in good faith.  But that is not how this hold is being used. These arms sales have been  held for more than a year--more than a year. How much time does the  Senator from New Jersey need to make up his mind? How many times does  the Secretary of State have to call him and meet with him? How many  briefings do they have to provide? How many memos do they have to send?   This is not a request for more information or trying to work together  in good faith. This is a stalling tactic, through and through. It is  yet another example of the Democrats engaged in psychological  projection in accusing this administration of violating norms, when in  fact they are the ones who have been violating longstanding, unwritten  rules, customs, and norms.   The administration is moving forward with this sale by making an  emergency declaration, as provided by law and as Presidents have done  many times in the past. President Reagan proceeded with sales of air- defense systems to, yes, Saudi Arabia using this very same provision.  President George H. W. Bush did so as well, selling tanks and fighter  aircraft to, yes, Saudi Arabia.   Even without this precedent, can there be any doubt--any doubt that  our partners in the gulf are facing a genuine emergency as they fend  off Iran? Oil tankers flying the flags of our allies and partners are  ablaze in the Gulf of Oman. Civilian airports, oil pipelines, and  American surveillance aircraft have all come under rocket attacks from  Iran's terror proxy in Yemen.   Make no mistake--this is a genuine emergency, but too few of my  colleagues are willing to see the plain facts. They want to talk about  anything that will change the subject from Iran and its campaign of  aggression throughout the Middle East.   A second objection is that some argue that our gulf partners are  somehow beneath our support. Really? It was the United Arab Emirates,  after all, that hosted Pope Francis earlier this year, and he conducted  a mass for Christians in that nation. The Kingdom of Jordan is another  important friend caught in the crossfire of this debate. Jordan has  been a reliable and trustworthy partner of the United States for many  years, and today it bears the brunt of the refugee crisis and chaos  created by Assad's Iran-backed butchery in Syria.   While Democrats try to frame this vote as support for our gulf  partners alone, let's not forget that numerous other strong allies of  the United States would be affected by these votes as well, countries  like the United Kingdom and France and South Korea and Israel--all part  of the supply chain affected by these deals. Rejecting these sales will  hurt them, too, and now is not the time to be rejecting our friends. Of  course, you couldn't make any of these observations about the Islamic  Republic of Iran, which is about as likely to host the Pope as it is to  host a Pride parade.   Lost in the criticism of our partners is a much more worthy  discussion about the elaborate architecture of torture and repression  supervised by Ayatollah Khameini, who is personally responsible for  American citizens being held in appalling captivity for years at a  time. One such American citizen, Bob Levinson, has been missing in Iran  for more than a decade.   The same media and politicians who trumpet every misdeed of America's  steadfast partners in the region--regardless of whether such misdeeds  are fact or fiction--are strangely silent about the undisputed fact  that Iran has the blood on its hands of more than 600 American troops  in Iraq in the last decade. Six hundred Americans were killed at the  hands of Iran. Yet we propose to deny arms sales to some of the only  countries that are committed to resisting Iran's bloodstained, anti- American theocracy? It is time to get our priorities straight.  [[Page S4137]]    Third, still other critics fault our gulf partners for their  involvement in the civil war in Yemen, as though they are the  aggressors in Yemen rather than states that were pulled into a conflict  to push an Iranian-armed rebel group off of the Arabian Peninsula at  the request of the Government of Yemen and with the support of the  United Nations. Evidently, some of my fellow Senators would counsel our  gulf partners to do nothing as a rebel group, armed by their sworn  enemy, plunged a neighboring country into chaos, shooting rockets at  their airports and oil pipelines. That would indeed be quite a  restrained foreign policy. Some might also call it the height of  stupidity that we would never tolerate for our own citizens.   As to the appalling human rights conditions in Yemen, I think the  current U.S. Ambassador to Iraq, Matthew Tueller, said it best to the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee: ``Almost 100 percent of the  humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen has been caused by the Iranian-backed  Houthis.'' Almost 100 percent. Mr. Tueller is not some Trump appointee.  He is not some partisan hack. He is a career Foreign Service officer  who served as Ambassador to Yemen under, yes, President Obama. If there  is anyone in the U.S. Government who is in a position to know what is  going on in Yemen and who is to blame for the carnage in Yemen, it is  the man on the ground rather than politicians in Washington.   Underlying this whole debate is a romantic wish--a naive delusion-- that our foreign policy can always be pristine, requiring no  compromises whatsoever, no acknowledgment of the messy facts around the  world, or even that we could flee away from that messy, complicated,  dangerous world entirely, relying solely on the Atlantic and Pacific  Oceans to keep us safe. A cursory review of history proves that neither  option is available. A cursory review of newspaper headlines proves it  too.   Our main adversary in the Middle East--the Islamic Republic of Iran-- is a revolutionary power dedicated, from its inception years ago, to  the destruction of Americans and, indeed, America itself. They don't  try to hide it. ``Death to America'' is their slogan, and they chant it  all the time. Our departure from the field will not dissuade the  ayatollahs from that purpose; it will only embolden them, as will the  abandonment of our allies in the region.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   