 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment that  would preserve parole in place for the loved ones of our Active-Duty  servicemembers.   Parole in place allows military family members who have come to the  United States illegally and are unable to adjust their immigration  status to temporarily remain in the country.   My amendment would preserve the parole in place program and reaffirm  the DHS Secretary's authority to keep families together and to minimize  disruption to our servicemembers through this vital program.   Now, under parole in place, a servicemember and their prospective  spouse, widow, widower, parent, son, or daughter is eligible for  temporary protection under the Immigration and Nationality Act. This  program is imperative to ensuring our troops are free of the burden  that their loved ones will be subjected to deportation while they  dutifully serve our Nation.   The current administration is interested in scaling back the program,  further waging a war against immigrants. Ending parole in place would  be detrimental to the troops and the fabric of our Nation.   Regardless of military branch, all servicemembers should be granted  [[Page H5632]]  peace of mind that their families are safe at home while they risk  their lives abroad.   Deployments are tough enough on our military families to endure,  conflated with the looming shadow of deportation, the emotional toll is  simply unbearable. Our troops must be consistently prepared and focused  on protecting our freedoms. The least we can do is to protect their  families.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I wish to respond to a couple of points that  my colleague has tried to make.   I want to stress that eligibility for this program does not mean  finality. The Secretary of Homeland Security still retains final  authority over whether parole in place will be granted.   This is a program that is administered on a case-by-case basis and  not categorically. This program has been in place for 9 years.   I appreciate that my colleague has said that he agrees with the  underlying policy. The underlying policy is that we want to give peace  of mind to the men and women of our military who are laying their lives  on the line for our country while their undocumented relatives at home  may be under threat of deportation.   We want to give them the peace of mind that their families could  stay, with the final decision, on a case-by-case basis, being made by  the Secretary of Homeland Security. Nothing is categorically mandated  in my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared  to close as well.    Mr. Chairman, let me just say that I believe that I have  answered the main concerns of the gentleman from Mississippi.   As I said, nothing in this amendment categorically says that  eligibility means finality in terms of who is finally adjudicated to  actually remain on a temporary basis, under temporary protected status.   What this amendment does is what the gentleman has agreed to is the  underlying policy, which is a humane policy, which is a policy that  furthers the national interests of our country in assuring the peace of  mind of our military servicemembers who have family members in our  country who are undocumented.   I don't think any American would begrudge someone who is putting  their life on the line having the peace of mind that their family  members are in this country under temporary protected status and that  they are judged to have that status by the Secretary of Homeland  Security on a case-by-case basis and that the Secretary remains in full  control of the final decision.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   