 Madam President, I say thank you to Senator Manchin. We  are joined by Senator Capito, Senator Warren, and I know, in spirit, a  number of others. I think Senator Casey will be here in a few minutes.  I join them to remind this body--it is a constant reminder--that more  than 86,000 miners--86,000 miners--are on the verge of facing massive  cuts to the pensions and healthcare they earned.   This body doesn't always remember what collective bargaining is all  about. Collective bargaining is when union members sit down and give up  wages today to have something for the future, to have healthcare and to  have retirement in the future.   Of those 86,000 miners, 1,200 miners and their families could lose  their healthcare this month because of the Westmoreland and Mission  Coal bankruptcies. The bankruptcy courts could allow these corporations  to ``shed their liabilities,'' which is a fancy way of saying walk away  from paying miners the pensions and the healthcare benefits they  absolutely earned.   Senator Manchin is working to fix this. I thank him for his efforts,  and I thank others in this body. We know the mine workers aren't alone.  The retirement security of hundreds of thousands of teamsters,  ironworkers, carpenters, bakery workers, and so many other retirees is  at risk.   We know this affects, in my State alone, 250 businesses, mostly small  construction and transportation companies, 60,000 workers in my State  alone, and the health of communities. Mine worker communities are  especially hurt by this because so many of them live in the same  community--local stores and local businesses.   As we know, Congress pretty much tried to ignore these workers and  these retirees. Senator Manchin and I saw that day after day and week  after week, but they fought back. We saw workers rally. They rallied in  very hot weather on the Capitol lawn, and they rallied in very cold  weather on the Capitol lawn. They rallied. They called. They wrote  letters. We have seen those camo UMWA T-shirts around the Capitol. Many  of them are veterans. They fought for their country. We owe it to them  to fight for them.   We made progress on the bipartisan Pensions Committee that Senator  Manchin and I sat on. Thanks to Senator Portman, also from my State,  and members of both parties who put in months of good work in good  faith on this.   I am committed to these miners and workers. We will not give up. That  is why I brought Rita Lewis as my guest to the State of the Union  Address down the hall last week. Rita Lewis is the widow of Butch  Lewis, the teamster who died from a heart attack a couple of years ago,  in large part, we think--she thinks, his family thinks brought on by  the pressure of fighting for his union, his Teamsters 100--1 million  members around the country.   It is about the dignity of work. When work has dignity, we honor the  retirement security people have earned.   As I said, people in this town don't always understand the collective  bargaining process. People give up money today to earn those pensions.  If you love your country, you fight for people who make it work, people  like these mineworkers.   