 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Scott for organizing this time  to honor, as said here many times, a legend. Of course, I never thought  I would be standing in front of two Georgia legends as I speak  specifically about one. But I do rise today to honor my great mentor  and friend, Senator Johnny Isakson, along with greetings to Dianne and  your wonderful family.   I was there last Saturday to witness your beloved Bulldogs beat my  beloved Auburn Tigers. Congratulations on this. I just hope and pray  that they will go all the way for you. I think that would be a great  tribute.   Johnny has been a champion for the State of Georgia for decades, a  reflection of his many years of service, as has been mentioned about  all of the accomplishments, a life of political service. And, also, a  mention about his influence on education.   When I was first elected, I had not been in politics before and I  didn't really know how to get things done up here. But I, in my service  on the Education and Labor Committee, was attracted to a bill called  the Every Student Succeeds Act and worked feverishly to get that bill  passed in the House by a margin of a mere five votes, 218-213.   Well, it just so happened that sometime later, as we got together in  Georgia for lunch, Johnny was asking me about that legislation. I told  him, I said we are going to return control to the States; we are going  to try to get the Federal Government out of the classroom so that our  teachers can have more time to teach. He quickly became a champion in  the Senate and helped garner bipartisan support.   Now, this is the way things should work. That bill, the Every Student  Succeeds Act, then passed the Senate 81-17 and went to a conference  committee, all because of the influence of this incredible man. When  that version then came back to the House, I am standing right there  looking at our ranking member, and that bill passed in this House 359- 64.   I had never seen anything like that, Johnny, and it is all owed to  you, and the impact on education is going to be felt throughout this  Nation. It is quite a difference, and it shows the depths of your  influence in these Halls of Congress.   And, of course, throughout your service, you have demonstrated the  true meaning of servant leadership by always putting the needs and  priorities of Georgia first. In fact, the greatest servant leader in  history said: There is no greater love than to give your life for a  friend. You have given a big part your life to this country, and we are  thankful for it.   As someone who came from the business world but had not served in  public office before, I am thankful for your leadership. Georgia has  been named the best State to do business in for the last 7 years, and  it is no coincidence that you had a lot to do with it.   I know that I can always call on you for sound advice and guidance.  Even though you are retiring this year, I hope you know that we will  still be reaching out to you for advice. We will deeply miss you and  your impact, and it will be missed for generations to come.   There is no doubt that Georgia has big shoes to fill, and I think our  delegation is up to the task, which is a testimony to your leadership  and an example to me and my colleagues.   Johnny, please know that we will do our best to make you proud and  honor your legacy. Robin and I wish you and Dianne all the best during  this next chapter in your life.   God bless you and your family.   