 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, later today, the Senate will vote to  confirm Barbara Barrett as Secretary of the Air Force. I have come to  the floor directly from a meeting with her this morning.   Ambassador Barrett has had an impressive career both inside and  outside of government. Among other things, she has served as U.S.  Ambassador to Finland, Deputy Administrator of the FAA, and as a member  of the Civil Aeronautics Board. Most importantly, she has a deep  understanding of the U.S. Air Force, thanks to her work as a civilian  adviser to the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Chiefs.   As a member of the Defense Advisory Committee on women in the  services, she fought to expand opportunities for women in the military.  She became the first civilian woman to land an F-18 on an aircraft  carrier, which was part of a mission to demonstrate women's fitness to  fly in combat. Thanks, in part, to her work in 1993, the military  changed its regulations to allow women to fly combat aircraft.   I am always particularly interested in making sure we have an  outstanding Air Force Secretary because my State of South Dakota is  lucky enough to play host to Ellsworth Air Force Base, home of the 28th  Bomb Wing and future home of the B-21 bomber.   Over the State work period in October, I was able to visit Ellsworth  to sit down with the new commander of the 28th Bomb Wing, Col. David  Doss, as well as CCM Rochelle Hemingway. We had a great discussion, and  we had a chance to talk about the needs of the base going forward,  including what will be needed as Ellsworth prepares to serve as the  first home of the B-21.   Ensuring that the base has the necessary resources and infrastructure  to fully support the B-21 mission will be a priority of mine not just  as we await the mission but for decades to come.   Since I came to Congress, I have worked with the base and the Greater  Rapid City community to build up Ellsworth. We have gone from fighting  to keep the base open, to adding an MQ-9 Reaper mission and supporting  the B-1 as a workhorse of the bomber fleet, to hosting the largest  training airspace in the continental United States, and to being chosen  to host both the B-21 training mission and first operational squadron.   I am incredibly proud of all that Ellsworth airmen have accomplished,  and I am looking forward to seeing everything the team at the base will  be able to do in the future.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson), and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson).    Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea''.     The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr.  Inhofe), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), and the Senator from  Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson).    Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea.''     The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Georgia  (Mr. Isakson).    Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''     The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson), and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    