 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the career  and service of David P. Blom, who will retire later this month after  serving as the president and CEO of OhioHealth since 2002. Under  David's leadership, OhioHealth has grown its legacy of providing high- quality care to patients across central Ohio, including residents of my  hometown, Mansfield.  [[Page S4964]]    In the 17 years since David became CEO, OhioHealth has tripled in  size. David spearheaded initiatives like the OhioHealth Research &  Innovation Institute, which makes significant contributions to the  field of research around new drugs, medical devices, and procedures.  His focus on installing new technology has helped to drastically reduce  errors in medication and patient identification across the OhioHealth  system.   During David's tenure as CEO, OhioHealth has been named one of the  top 100 places to work by Fortune Magazine for 12 consecutive years. In  2016, David was honored with the Columbus Award, and in 2009, he was  inducted into the Central Ohio Business Hall of Fame. He currently  serves on the boards of the Columbus Foundation, Columbus Downtown  Development Commission, Columbus Partnership, Vizient, and Healthy  Roster. But beyond all that, it is David's commitment to the  communities OhioHealth serves that truly sets him apart as a leader.   David was instrumental in establishing Wellness on Wheels Women's  Health, a mobile health clinic which provides prenatal care to women in  high-risk communities. This program has been invaluable in saving the  lives of the most vulnerable among us.   In 2015, David was selected as one of 15 members to serve on the  Veterans Affairs Commission on Care, a task force that developed  critical reforms to veterans' healthcare. Out of this came the VA  MISSION Act, which aims to improve veterans' access to effective and  timely health care. These reforms would not have been possible without  David's expertise and sense of service.   We are fortunate to be able to count David among the ranks of great  Ohioans. His innovative leadership has touched lives in my State and  across the Nation. I wish David all the best in his retirement and  thank him for his years of service in central Ohio.  