 Mr. President, I start by thanking Senator Tom Udall,  our senior Senator from New Mexico, for the incredible amount of work  and really the years of advocacy and attention that have gone into many  of the portions of this land package that he just described. Without  his leadership, without his partnership, we would not be celebrating  this opportunity today.   I rise to celebrate the landmark conservation measures that we are  about to vote on here in the Senate. As a Senator from a State that  proudly calls itself the Land of Enchantment, I know how much our  public lands mean to New Mexicans. These are the places to which  generations of families have gone to explore our natural wonders and to  learn about our rich history and our incredible culture. Hunting and  fishing, as well as hiking and camping, on our public lands are quite  simply part of our identity in the State of New Mexico, and this  relationship with our land and our water is fundamental to who we are.   These activities also fuel a thriving outdoor recreation economy that  supports nearly 100,000 jobs in New Mexico  [[Page S898]]  alone. Nationwide, outdoor recreation generates nearly $900 billion of  consumer spending each year and directly supports more than 7 million  American jobs. Think about that--7 million American jobs. That is why I  thought to pass this legislation that will open additional access and  create recreation opportunities on our public lands to support this  important part of our economy.   I commend our chairman, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, our ranking  member, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, and our former ranking member,  Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington. We are, to say the least, going  through a frustrating political era here in Washington, and there just  don't seem to be many things we can agree on these days. Yet the  package of public lands and conservation bills that we are now  considering on the floor reflect Chairman Murkowski, Ranking Member  Manchin, and Senator Cantwell's leadership. It demonstrates their  willingness to put aside partisan rancor and do the hard work that is  required to build bipartisan consensus.   I am proud that we are moving forward to pass these bills that have  earned broad, bipartisan support in our committee to conserve our  public lands, to create new outdoor recreation opportunities, and to  build on the success of our Nation's most effective conservation  programs. I want to quickly highlight some of these incredible  victories in this bill for New Mexico.   First and foremost, I am so proud that we are passing two bills to  advance community-driven conservation visions for New Mexico's two  newest national monuments--the Rio Grande del Norte and the Organ  Mountains-Desert Peaks. From the tops of the Cerro de la Olla and Ute  Mountain to the depths of the Rio Grande Gorge, the Rio Grande del  Norte National Monument in northern New Mexico is one of the most  spectacular landscapes on Earth. The historic monument designation for  the Rio Grande del Norte was the direct result of tireless efforts by  those in the local community who were dedicated to protecting this area  for future generations, and they worked for decades to do just that.   The legislation we are voting on establishes two new wilderness areas  within this monument--the Cerro del Yuta Wilderness and the Rio San  Antonio Wilderness. By designating the most rugged and unique habitat  in the Rio Grande del Norte as wilderness, we can protect the  monument's natural heritage for our children and for generations to  come.   We are doing the same thing for southern New Mexico's Organ  Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks  is incredibly rich in cultural and natural history. It includes six  stunning mountain ranges. This is the very well-known Organ Mountains-- its profile known by everyone who has ever visited or lived in southern  New Mexico. It also includes the Robledos, the East Potrillos, the West  Potrillos, the Dona Anas, and the Sierra de las Uvas.   The Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks Conservation Act that Senator Udall  sponsored, that I have cosponsored, and that we have worked together on  for all of these years will safeguard sensitive cultural, historical,  and natural treasures in this monument. ``Wilderness'' designation for  several of the most rugged and unique areas in the Organ Mountains- Desert Peaks will promote the monument as a world-class destination.    President Obama based his 2014 ``national monument'' designation on  the legislation introduced by Senator Udall and me, but, as with the  Rio Grande del Norte, only Congress has authority to create additional  federally protected wilderness.   We can now ensure permanent protection for the wildest places within  the national monument, including the Organ Mountains but also the  Potrillo, Uvas, and Robledo Mountains, as well as Aden Lava Flow and  Broad Canyon.   I want to express my deepest gratitude to the diverse coalition of  stakeholders from throughout our State who worked for decades to make  the Rio Grande del Norte and Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks monuments a  reality. From Tribal leaders to local elected officials, sportsmen,  ranchers, land grant heirs, acequia parciantes, small businesses, and  conservation groups, so many New Mexicans came together and worked  together to make this possible.   Once again, I especially want to thank my colleague, the senior  Senator from New Mexico, Tom Udall, and our former Senator Jeff  Bingaman for their leadership and their partnership in getting this  over the finish line.   These two monuments protect places that New Mexicans have long  recognized as national treasures in their backyards.   Once we pass this legislation, we will put a capstone on years of  work to make these monuments national models of community-driven,  landscape-scale public lands conservation. I have no doubt that future  generations will be grateful for what we are voting on here.   Speaking of future generations, I am also pleased that this public  lands package includes my bipartisan bill, the Every Kid Outdoors Act.  I want to thank Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee for joining me as  the lead Republican sponsor of this bill. The Every Kid Outdoors Act  will allow every fourth grader in America to visit our Nation's  national parks or national forests or national wildlife refuges free of  charge and to bring their families along with them.   Many of you might not know that long before I became a Senator, one  of my first jobs in New Mexico was as the executive director of  Cottonwood Gulch Expeditions--a 90-plus-year-old experiential education  organization that takes children and adults out into the backcountry of  our public lands.   Connecting kids to the outdoors can inspire a lifelong connection to  conservation, while reaping all of the health benefits that go along  with an active lifestyle. Some of my favorite memories are from my  adventures on public lands with my wife Julie and with our sons, Carter  and Micah, and I want all kids to have those same opportunities to fall  in love with our amazing public lands.   Since 2015, the Department of the Interior has offered fourth graders  and their families free entrance to all federally managed public lands.  I can't tell you how popular this program has become. The Every Kid  Outdoors Act codifies this effort into law and will encourage the  creation of more educational opportunities for all of our kids on their  public lands.   I am so excited that we are encouraging a new generation of kids--a  generation that will explore the rich natural and cultural history on  display in our parks, forests, and monuments. After all, they are the  future stewards of these special places that we all love.   I also want to celebrate that we are voting to permanently  reauthorize what I believe has been one of America's most successful  conservation program ever, the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   In New Mexico, LWCF, as it is known--the Land and Water Conservation  Fund--has protected iconic landscapes, such as the Valles Caldera, Ute  Mountain, and Valle de Oro, without costing taxpayers a single dime. It  has also provided for community projects, such as baseball and soccer  fields, playgrounds, and picnic areas.   The broad support that LWCF has had from both Republicans and  Democrats over the last half century is a testament to how well the  program has worked all across this Nation; however, despite our best  efforts to save LWCF, congressional inaction allowed the program to  expire last year. I am proud to say that once we pass this package, we  will no longer need to worry year after year about renewing this  incredibly successful program. Now LWCF funds can continue being put to  work protecting drinking water, providing public land access, and  funding our neighborhood parks.   Finally, I would like to express my gratitude once more to Chairman  Murkowski for working with me to advance provisions in this package to  improve public access on our public lands. Many pieces of the  Sportsmen's Act are included in this, and I am especially pleased that  we are passing my legislation, the HUNT Act, which will improve access  to public lands wherever hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation are  permitted.   With that, I would like to encourage all of my colleagues to support  this bipartisan package of bills. I am confident that they will grow  our outdoor recreation economy, promote access to  [[Page S899]]  our public lands, and support the sustainable use of our natural  resources. What we will vote on will go a long way toward ensuring that  the outdoor places that we all treasure will be protected for future  generations of Americans to enjoy.   I yield the remainder of my time.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   