 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 2 of House Resolution  741, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 326) expressing the sense of the  House of Representatives regarding United States efforts to resolve the  Israeli-Palestinian conflict through a negotiated two-state solution,  and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have  5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H. Res. 326, currently under  consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the measure we are considering today is something that  ought to be straightforward. It is essentially a reiteration of our  support for the consensus view that has prevailed for two decades on  resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, a two-state solution.   This measure emphasizes that presidents of both parties and Israeli  Prime Ministers have supported reaching the two-state solution that  establishes a Palestinian state living side by side in peace and  security with Israel. President George W. Bush said clearly, ``My  vision is two states living side by side in peace and security.'' And  President Obama agreed that, ``There is little secret about where they  must lead, two states for two peoples.'' Prime Minister Netanyahu has  said, ``Israel remains fully committed to peace and the possibility of  two states for two people.''   There are reasons, Mr. Speaker, so many of us have supported this  approach for so long. A two-state solution would go a long way to  ensure Israel's survival as a secure Jewish and democratic state, and  it would fulfill the legitimate aspirations of the Palestinian people  for a state of their own.   The resolution we are considering underscores that a two-state  solution puts us on the path toward these outcomes. It makes clear that  any proposal to achieve a just, stable, and lasting solution to this  conflict should likewise endorse a two-state solution.   This is what we have been talking about for decades, Mr. Speaker,  here on the House floor and at international gatherings, across  administrations of both parties and Congresses, and premierships and  Knessets of every stripe. This isn't controversial. At least it  shouldn't be. This is nothing radical. We all know two states won't  spontaneously appear tomorrow. The parties have a lot of work ahead of  them, but every day we seem farther away from the goal.   Some of the reasons are plain as can be. Violence and terrorism  continue to come in waves. Hamas has rained down hundreds of rockets at  populations across Israel, and there seems to be no end in sight.  Palestinian leaders have not embraced their role as peacemaker. How can  Israel sit down with people who pay off terrorists?   But no one said peace was easy. To paraphrase the late Israeli Prime  Minister Yitzhak Rabin, ``You don't make peace with your friends. You  make peace with your enemies.''   I haven't lost hope, but the minute America abandons its leadership  role in the two-state solution, that hope dwindles. We cannot get to  the point where Israel's role as a Jewish and democratic state is at  risk. So that is why we need to get back to what has rooted American  policy toward the conflict for so long, what has guided our efforts.   Now, let's look at the history, because a little bit of history is  important.   Back in 1947, the U.N. Security Council came up with Resolution 181,  which partitioned the land into what they called a Jewish state and an  Arab state. The Jews accepted it. And the Palestinians, the Arabs,  rejected it and tried to push Israel and the Jews into the sea. It  didn't work.   The war of independence happened. In 1948 Israel was declared a  democracy and a nation state. And so we fast forward and we see what  happened each time the Arab states rejected the right of the Jewish  people to have a homeland on their land for many years.   So when one side says, oh, we are being mistreated. I think they have  to go back and look at how they reacted. Because, again, back in 1967,  back in 1973, there was no so-called occupation, there was nothing that  the Arabs object to today, and yet, they refused to make peace with  Israel. So I think that we have to look at both sides and we have to  say, you know, people who are protesting now and saying that there is  no peace really should look at what their actions have been for these  past years.   Unfortunately, there has not been the leadership, in my opinion, in  the Arab world to be able to make peace. That is why it is so important  that this Congress do it. That is why it is so important that we put  our heads together and try to say that constant war is not going to  solve anything, but a two-state solution probably ultimately will.   So that is why we need to get back to what has rooted American policy  toward the conflict for so long, what has guided our efforts.   Do you know what a one-state solution means? It means a state where  Jews could become the minority in their own country. It means one  Palestinian state with no determination for the Jewish people or for  the Palestinians. Israel's right to exist as a state that is both  Jewish and democratic is incompatible with a one-state solution,  period.   I would caution all Members to bear in mind that before making  charges in this debate about who supports Israel and who doesn't, about  who is turning this issue into a political football, there is no Member  of this body who is a stronger supporter than I am of the U.S.-Israel  relationship, of Israel's right to exist and defend itself.   That is why I support this legislation, because I want to see peace  between Israelis and Palestinians. I want Israel to have a secure and  prosperous future. And I want to see American leadership brought to  bear on this issue.  [[Page H9300]]    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Lowenthal), the author of this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly), a distinguished member of the House Foreign  Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Cicilline), a distinguished Member of the House Foreign  Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Levin), a valued member of the House Foreign Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Price).    Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 1 minute to  the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  York (Mrs. Lowey), who is the chairwoman of the Committee on  Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from New York an  additional 15 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who is the majority leader of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon  (Mr. Blumenauer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Deutch), a distinguished member of the House Committee on  Foreign Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close debate on this measure.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to no one, no one in this Chamber, when it comes  to support for Israel. I supported moving the Embassy to Jerusalem, the  eternal capital of the Jewish people. I am happy to have an honest  debate about the Middle East so long as that debate is on the policy,  on the merits. That is true when it comes to my friends on the other  side and with Members of my own party. That is why we are here, and  that is what the House of Representatives is all about.   I want also to point out that this resolution, an important part of  this resolution, says that there are to be no conditions on U.S. aid to  Israel. That is something that is very important, and I think it is  very important that we state that.   The debate on foreign policy turns toxic when the issue is tainted by  party politics, when support for Israel is politicized through motions  to recommit or poison pill amendments. Politics should stop at the  water's edge, and that is what normally guides our work on the  Committee on Foreign Affairs.   What happens when we ignore that? What happens is that decisions  about our own security and leadership on the world stage are trumped by  decisions about our own political interests. That makes us less safe.  What happens is that decisions about how we treat our friends and  partners around the world are trumped by decisions about what may be  more appealing to our political base or political supporters. That  makes our friends and partners less safe, less trusting, less confident  in America.   If we allow partisan politics to contaminate our foreign policy, we  do so at our peril and the peril of many others around the world. We  cannot allow that to happen when it comes to Israel, our most important  ally in the Middle East.   For two decades, support for a two-state solution has won bipartisan  support. Even when they disagreed on many policy issues, Presidents  George W. Bush and Barack Obama agreed on this.   Of course, no one said anywhere along the line that it would be easy  to achieve, but that doesn't mean we give up. It means we dig in and  keep pushing and working to change minds. That is what American  leadership is all about.   I sincerely hope that my colleagues don't walk away from that. Those  of us who are strong supporters of Israel understand that Israel is  best served by a two-state solution, that a two-state solution is not  good for only Palestinians but also good for Jews, also good for  Israelis, also good for all people in the Middle East. That is what we  are trying to do.   My commitment to the U.S.-Israel relationship is second to none, to  nobody. That is why I do believe, by passing this resolution today, we  are attempting to bring the parties together, attempting to state U.S.  policy, acknowledging the fact that U.S. and Israel are unshakeable  allies.   This is simply saying that there is a dispute, that there are two  peoples, two states for two peoples. That seems fair to me, and I urge  all of my colleagues to vote for this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   