 Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent that Senator  Portman and I be recognized for up to 25 minutes.    Mr. President, shortly, I am going to be joined by  Senator Portman. The two of us have been working for well over a decade  on retirement savings issues. When both of us were Members of the House  of Representatives, we worked on pension legislation together. It was  unusual at that time to have a Democrat and a Republican working  together.   There was a great deal of discussion about tax reform at that time,  and it seemed like neither the Democratic nor Republican leadership was  interested in dealing with retirement savings at that point. Yet  Congressman Portman and I joined forces, recognizing the need to  strengthen retirement savings in this country. We authored a bill known  as the Portman-Cardin bill. It was more of a process than it was  legislation. We brought all stakeholders together, and we sat around,  listened to each other, and came to a consensus bill that was enacted  into law and made permanent. It provides greater portability among the  different pension plans in this country, recognizing that employees  were shifting jobs, and therefore it was necessary for them to be able  to protect their retirement savings.   We looked at increasing the amount of money that individuals could  put away for retirement. One of the provisions provided for catchup for  people over 50 years of age because we recognized that people-- particularly women--who entered the workforce at a later time didn't  have as many years to put money away for retirement savings.   We simplified the retirement plans so that small companies could  establish a pension plan and have safe harbor, so it was not as  complicated to set up pension plans.   We established a saver's credit. We did that because we recognized  that the Tax Code itself wasn't necessarily a great enough incentive to  get younger and lower wage workers interested in participating in a  retirement plan. We found that if an employer put money on the table,  most employees would opt to join that pension plan. Witness the Thrift  Savings we have here as Federal employees.   We recognized that a lot of the smaller companies didn't offer those  types of plans. So we developed the saver's credit, which allowed lower  wage workers to be able to get government help with putting money away  for their retirement.   Quite frankly, the law that was passed back then did dramatically  help the number of people who participated in retirement savings. We  also included an automatic enrollment feature, and that also helped  dramatically increase the number of people participating in retirement  savings.   I give that as background because Senator Portman and I have joined  up again in the Senate in an effort to build on the success we had over  a decade ago.   We had a hearing this past week, and in that hearing, we brought up  the fact that several provisions that Senator Portman and I had been  working on are included in the recent legislation, which is legislation  that had passed the House of Representatives and passed the Senate  Finance Committee in the last Congress and the chairman and ranking  member of the Senate Finance Committee have filed in this Congress.  That includes many important provisions to improve retirement savings.   We hope that bill will be considered on the floor very shortly. We  want to get that done. Yet we recognize that we need to go further than  that. For that reason, Senator Portman and I have introduced the  Retirement Security and Savings Act this year, and it includes many  important provisions. It deals with the fact that we have yet to fully  accomplish what we need to for retirement savings.   According to a 2019 GAO estimate, 48 percent of those who are near  retirement age--those over 55 years of age--have no retirement nest  egg, and 29 percent have no savings or pensions.   Since the great recession, personal savings rates in this country  have been flat.    Access to employer-sponsored plans and participation are still at way  too low of a rate. For private sector workers, 68 percent have access  to plans, but barely over 50 percent actually participate in plans. For  part-time workers, the numbers are much lower--only 39 percent have an  opportunity and only 22 percent actually participate in plans. For  small businesses, only about 50 percent provide retirement access to  their employees, and 34 percent participate. In the lowest quintile-- those at the lowest incomes--44 percent have access to retirement  savings through their employment; yet only half that number actually  participate.   The urgency of this is really underscored by the fact that we have  now gone from a landscape that included mostly defined-benefit plans  where the employer had a plan for you, that employer took the risks,  and you had a guaranteed benefit when you retired--you didn't have to  think about how much money you put away because your company was  protecting you on retirement with a defined benefit. We have gone from  a defined-benefit world to a defined-contribution world.   I am going to yield at this point to Senator Portman to go over the  provisions we are including in the Portman-Cardin bill. I believe we  will have time, and I will come back and comment on some of the  particular provisions.   I want to compliment Senator Portman for his longstanding commitment  to dealing with this national need. America's economy is strong, but it  is not strong on personal savings and retirement savings, and we need  to do better. It has been a pleasure to work with Senator Portman in  regard to these issues.    Mr. President, let me again thank my colleague Senator  Portman.   He has explained what is included in the Retirement Security and  Savings Act that we filed this week. It builds on what has worked, and  it takes on new opportunities to increase savings and retirement  security.   He mentioned the automatic enrollment, which is the safe harbor here,  because Americans make decisions by inaction. Now, with automatic  enrollment, they will be in retirement plans and will have the  opportunity to opt out.   It increases the saver's credit's eligibility, but, importantly, it  makes it refundable, and it deposits it directly into a savings account  so that low-wage workers will, indeed, have savings opportunities.   It increases the tax credits for small business so that the burden of  setting up a plan for your employees will be matched with this credit  so that more workers will have opportunities for savings retirement.   It expands part-time workers--a group that, today, is  underrepresented in retirement savings.   It deals with the student debt issue. I really thank Senator Portman  and also Senator Wyden for their help in recognizing that a lot of  young workers would love to put money into retirement, but they have to  pay off their student loan debt. So that, at least, can be used as a  match by an employer for a savings account.   It also deals with lifetime income. How many people have we run into,  as Senator Portman has pointed out, who have outlived their  retirements? They didn't expect to live to be 95 and still have active  lifestyles. So we significantly increase the opportunities for lifetime  income options, as well as what Senator Portman said in dealing with  required minimum distributions.   There are a lot of other issues. I think there are 50 issues in the  bill. There are a lot of other issues that are important. There are  issues that we want to work on, including relating to the recoupment of  benefit payments.   The bottom line is that we want to improve the retirement security  for Americans. As Senator Portman pointed out, Social Security is very  important. It is a three-legged stool. Let's work together to increase  private savings in retirement, which is exactly what this bill does.   I think we have 1 minute left, so I yield to Senator Portman.   