 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, there is bipartisan agreement in this House  that there is no greater obligation in our Nation than to our Nation's  veterans.   I have an amendment before us that increases funding from the Small  Business Administration's Entrepreneurial Development Programs,  specifically for the Veterans Business Outreach Centers.   These centers provide a wide range of services to our veterans,  including training and counseling. They also provide transitioning  service members with a large network of successful business advisers  and veteran businessowners.   There are over 800,000 veterans in my State. These veterans bring a  wealth of skills and experience that make them uniquely suited to be  successful small business owners. They have sacrificed a great deal for  our Nation, and it is our responsibility to support them as they  transition to the next stage of their lives and careers.   Veterans Business Outreach Centers support an aspiring small business  owner through every step of the process. They organize workshops that  walk veterans through the key considerations of starting a small  business. They also help clients set up business plans to help  strategic, legal, and financial requirements.   Mr. Chairman, according to the SBA, there are over 2.5 million  businesses in the United States that are majority owned by veterans.  These businesses employ over 5 million people and generate annual  revenues of over $1 trillion.   In the State of New York alone, there are over 137,000 businesses  owned by veterans that create jobs and support our communities.   In the State of New York, we have the Arsenal Business and Technology  Partnership located in upstate New York that provides support to  veterans and their spouses throughout not only our State of New York,  but New Jersey and Puerto Rico, that are all looking to start and  expand or purchase a business. These services are offered both in  person and online and are available at no cost to veterans.   The SBA's Veterans Business Outreach Centers represent an outstanding  opportunity to invest in our communities while also supporting the  returning service members who have sacrificed for our Nation.   Mr. Chair, I strongly urge the passage of my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   