 Madam President, I thank Senator Hoeven for getting us  together for a colloquy with everybody who is concerned about this.   This is what we do on the Agriculture Committee, working in a  bipartisan way when we see an opportunity, and certainly we ought to  seize this opportunity.   I thank the Senator from North Dakota for leading this. He is an  outstanding champion on behalf of agriculture, and he is always riding  the posse, which I truly appreciate.   I also thank Senator Braun from Indiana, a new and valued member of  the Ag Committee, for pointing out some of the obstacles we face.  Unfortunately, they tend to be on a partisan basis. There are  extraneous things that  [[Page S4844]]  need to be talked about, and I know Senator Portman just brought that  up with his chart, but I thank him for his participation.   Senator Grassley, who is a very valued member of the Ag Committee,  chairman of the Finance Committee--and obviously that is the committee  of jurisdiction--who has especially pointed out, and as Senator Ernst  has pointed out, the value of agriculture to Iowa and, for that matter,  all of the country.   Senator Boozman, who talked about Arkansas, is a valued member of the  committee as well, next to the chair in terms of seniority.   Senator Portman, as has been pointed out, is the former Trade  Representative. On the chart, he simply pointed out in detail why this  new agreement is far superior to NAFTA and we are working with, as  Senator Grassley pointed out, working groups in the House, with our  lead negotiator, and I hope that works out. I certainly hope it works  out.   Senator Ernst has been an outstanding champion for farmers in Iowa  and all around the country. She is on the committee and has compassion  and also pointed out the need for certainty.   Now, since NAFTA was signed into law, the result has been that Canada  and Mexico have been two of our strongest trading partners.   I worked on NAFTA back in the day when I was in the House and served  as ranking member, and the Honorable Kika de la Garza was the chairman.  We went all over the country working on NAFTA.   The result with that agreement--and every State could say the same  thing, but we are talking about 110,000 jobs in Kansas. Those jobs are  across all sectors of agriculture now, and many are tied to agriculture  and the entire agriculture value chain. NAFTA secured greater market  access for our farmers, our ranchers, our growers, everybody in  between, and for our producers. Today, over one-quarter of our  country's agriculture exports are destined for Canada and/or Mexico.   As with every trade agreement, there is always room for improvement.  It has been pointed out by all of my colleagues that the United States- Mexico-Canada Agreement--the acronym for that is USMCA. I did suggest  it could also be for United States Marine Corps Always, but that is the  acronym we are using. It has modernized the trade pact we have  benefited from for over 20 years. The U.S. agriculture industry  desperately needs this trade agreement now to offer greater certainty  and predictability regarding demand in the marketplace, certainly in  predictability.   That is what we promised in the farm bill, and we passed the farm  bill in this body with 87 votes. That is a record vote, based on the  premise that the most important thing we do is provide certainty and  predictability for our farmers and ranchers and growers.   As chairman of the Senate Ag Committee, I have heard directly,  personally, as all my colleagues have, from producers and the broader  agriculture industry regarding our challenging farm economy.   Every day our farmers, ranchers, and growers experience incredible  challenges, including weather variability, and that is putting it  mildly. I do not know what we have done to Mother Nature for her to act  in this fashion.   In Kansas, the wheat harvest is a month late, and farmers still can't  get in their fields up in the northwest part, but, amazingly, the yield  is pretty good; the protein is staying about the same; and we have seen  a little bit--a little bit--of price recovery. We need a lot more.   The uncertainty regarding the U.S. trade policy has led some of our  most important trading partners to turn to our competitors. That is  sadly true. At a time when the U.S. agriculture industry is facing new  trade retaliation threats on top of the challenging agriculture  economy, we must offer greater certainty and predictability for the  farmers and ranchers across the country.   I cannot emphasize enough how serious this is. This is the fourth or  fifth year that we have experienced this situation. Some farmers and  ranchers who produce--not all but some--are in a desperate situation.   Congressional passage of USMCA would be--will be--should be--a  pivotal step toward restoring the United States as a reliable supplier,  not to mention tangible benefits.   I urge my colleagues--especially in the House--to get together with  Ambassador Lighthizer and work out these concerns that have been talked  about--especially by Senator Grassley--and to give fair and swift  consideration to this new trade agreement. We must expand critical  market access and create new trade opportunities for U.S. agriculture.   I again thank Senator Hoeven for his leadership and for sponsoring  this colloquy.   