 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, one of the favorite parts of my job is  welcoming Texans to Washington to talk about issues that they care  passionately about. Something I have noticed, though, is that it  doesn't matter if they are here to talk about healthcare, taxes,  infrastructure, or fever ticks. The same question always seems to come  up. They say: Judging by what I see in the news, it looks like nothing  ever gets done around here; is that true?   I always remind them that compromise and agreement is not exactly  clickbait. So while some of the bills we are working on may not consume  Twitter feeds, there is a lot of great work being done here on a daily  basis.   One example of that great work came last Thursday when the Senate  passed the Debbie Smith Act of 2019, a major bipartisan achievement  that would support victims of sexual assault across the country.   I would be negligent if I didn't acknowledge the Presiding Officer's  contribution to that great effort in the Senate Judiciary Committee,  for which I am grateful.   The namesake of this bill is an incredibly brave woman whom I have  had the pleasure of getting to know over the years, and I admire her  tremendously. Debbie Smith is a fierce advocate for survivors of sexual  assault and a champion for victims' rights, and she has become one of  the most prominent voices in the fight to eliminate the rape kit  backlog.   Sadly, Debbie's advocacy was born from a personal tragedy. In 1989,  she was at home doing laundry when a stranger broke into her home. He  blindfolded her, abducted her, and took her to a wooded area behind her  home where he robbed and repeatedly raped her.   She reported the crime to the police and went to the emergency room  for a forensic exam, but as days, months, and years passed, no answers  came. She anxiously waited for her attacker to be identified and  brought to justice, but it would end up being years before she saw that  justice being done. Like millions of others across the country,  Debbie's case became part of the long list of those frozen in time  because of the debilitating rape kit backlog.   Though exact numbers are difficult to estimate, some experts estimate  that hundreds of thousands of rape kits remain untested in the United  States--a fact that should upset each and every one of us. Each of  those untested rape kits represents a victim who is waiting for  answers, who has to wonder each day who their attacker was, when will  they show up again, and where are they now. Each piece of DNA evidence  holds the key to apprehending a violent criminal and finally providing  victims with some peace of mind.   For Debbie, it took 6\1/2\ years before the identity of her attacker  was discovered. She has made it her mission in life to ensure that no  other woman has to agonize for that long. The Debbie Smith Act was  originally signed into law in 2004 to provide State and local crime  labs the resources they need to end the backlog of these unsolved  crimes. Because of Debbie Smith and the Debbie Smith Act, more than  860,000 DNA cases have been processed and 360,000 DNA profiles have  been uploaded into the FBI's database. This accounts for 43 percent of  all forensic profiles in the FBI's database.   While the original purpose for this legislation was to reduce the  rape kit backlog, this DNA evidence can help to identify and to convict  people who commit other types of crimes and to take more criminals off  the street. By the way, we should note that if somebody has been  falsely accused, this DNA evidence can exclude them as a potential  perpetrator of a crime. It really works to benefit those falsely  accused as well.   All in all, more than $1 billion has been provided to forensic labs  because of this law. The legislation passed by the Senate last week  will provide even greater resources for this vital program.   The Debbie Smith Act of 2019 will reauthorize the important funding  that supports testing DNA evidence so we can eliminate the rape kit  backlog in the future and someday ensure that it will not grow again.   This reauthorization also reauthorizes important training for law  enforcement, correctional personnel, forensic nurses, and other  professionals who assist victims of sexual assault. This bill is not  controversial, not partisan, and not divisive. In fact, not a single  Senator voted against it. It is exactly the type of legislation that  should get more attention here in Washington.   I thank Senator Feinstein of California, who cosponsored this bill,  for working with me to get it over this first hurdle. I now hope that  the House of Representatives will take up the Debbie Smith Act so we  can get the legislation to the President's desk to provide even more  victims with answers and, hopefully, some peace of mind.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   