 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for nearly 15 years, the Debbie Smith Act  has been the driving force behind our progress to eliminate the  Nation's rape kit backlog.   Though exact numbers are difficult to estimate, experts believe there  are hundreds of thousands of untested rape kits in the United States.  Each one of them, of course, represents a different story--the story of  a sexual assault victim. Also, as a result of DNA science, it holds the  key to apprehending a violent criminal and stopping them from  committing further assaults.   Since the Debbie Smith Act was signed into law in 2004, more than $1  billion has been invested in State and local crime labs for DNA  testing. This program also supports training for law enforcement,  correctional personnel, forensic nurses, and other professionals who  work with victims of sexual assault. Though the primary goal of the  program is to reduce the rape kit backlog and identify attackers,  processing this DNA evidence can assist investigations into other  nonviolent crimes as well.   Once evidence is tested, it is uploaded into the FBI's DNA database,  called CODIS. This is similar to the criminal fingerprint database but  provides DNA evidence that can help identify and convict people who  commit other crimes. So if it is collected as a result of a sexual  assault, you may, in fact, be able to get a hit that will help you  identify someone who has committed a burglary, a murder, a robbery, or  some other crime. This is particularly true when somebody commits a  crime in one State and moves to another State--to be able to connect  the identity of the person based on their DNA, not based on where the  offense was committed. According to the National Institute of Justice,  42 percent of hits in the FBI's DNA database system are the direct  result of Debbie Smith Act funding--42 percent.   In addition to helping us get more criminals off the streets, this  information could also be the key to exonerating individuals who were  wrongly  [[Page S5376]]  accused and preventing innocent people from being put behind bars for a  crime they didn't commit. DNA evidence is very, very powerful.   States have seen the positive results of this program at the national  level and have been following suit. Texas has led the Nation in passing  mandatory rape kit testing laws, conducting audits of the backlog, and  using Debbie Smith funds to analyze untested sexual assault evidence.   Since 2011, the Debbie Smith Act has helped Texas reduce its backlog  of previously unsubmitted rape kits by approximately 90 percent--from  over 20,000 kits to now around 2,000. This program has allowed us to  provide victims of sexual assault with the resources they need and the  answers they deserve while more effectively identifying criminals  across the board.   The benefits of this law simply cannot be overstated, and that is why  the Debbie Smith Act was readily reauthorized in 2008 and 2014. Now it  is time to once again reauthorize this important legislation.   Earlier this year, Senator Feinstein, the senior Senator from  California, and I introduced the Debbie Smith Act of 2019, which will  extend this program through 2024. As you might expect, with this kind  of nonpartisan legislation, it sailed through the Senate earlier this  year. In fact, it passed the Senate in May with not one person voting  against it. But here we are, nearly 4 months later, and the House of  Representatives has not scheduled a vote. If they don't take action  before September 30, the law will expire--something I hope we all can  agree would be unconscionable and certainly completely unnecessary.   The benefits of this program transcend politics or party, and  allowing it to expire would be a disservice to the victims and  advocates who have championed this bill for the last 15 years,  particularly Debbie Smith herself.   It is time for the House to vote to reauthorize the Debbie Smith Act  so that we can get it to the President's desk without further delay.   One of the strongest advocates for the reauthorization of the Debbie  Smith Act is the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, also known as  RAINN. It is the Nation's largest anti-sexual violence organization,  and in its 25-year history, it has helped 3 million survivors and their  loved ones.   Last week, RAINN held a press conference announcing the delivery of  more than 32,000 signatures urging the immediate passage of this  legislation by the House of Representatives. Debbie Smith also spoke at  the press conference.   Just to remind colleagues, Debbie is, of course, a remarkable woman  whose advocacy was born from a terrible personal experience. We have  had the benefit of hearing from Debbie over the years many times in the  Judiciary Committee.   I believe there is no one--no one--who has done more to support  victims of sexual assault than Debbie, and I am continually grateful to  her for her courage and her candor as she travels around the country  advocating for survivors. It can't be easy to talk about your own  personal sexual assault and how you tried to grapple with the fact that  your rape kit has not been tested and, thus, you don't even know who  your attacker was and whether he may show up at some future date and  try to repeat his crime.   During the press conference, Debbie spoke about the years of fear she  dealt with while waiting for her attacker to be identified. She said:  ``The years I spent waiting for justice can never be returned to me.''   That is a heartbreaking reality for survivors of sexual violence and  a reminder of why it is so critical to reauthorize the Debbie Smith Act  without further delay.   While we can't turn back the hands of time and somehow change  history, we can act now to provide victims with the support, the  answers, and the closure they need.   I urge Speaker Pelosi to bring the Debbie Smith Act of 2019 to the  floor for a vote immediately in the House to demonstrate Congress's  ongoing commitment to support victims of sexual violence.   I yield the floor.   