 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Tennessee  and my good friend from California for their leadership of our  Veterans' Affairs Committee. They are a dynamic duo. I appreciate the  opportunity to be on the floor to be in support of this list of good  bills tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to thank my friend from New Jersey,  Mr. Kim, for his hard work and collaboration on this important bill for  our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, in the last 5 years I have served in this House, I have  had over 3,200 cases completed and closed for veterans in my district.   As a former community banker, when I look at those cases and I listen  to these stories, this too often is a challenge for our veterans. It is  a crazy challenge. Mr. Speaker, that withholding a payment can have  severe consequences for our brave veterans who are out there just doing  their job, through no fault of their own and through a computer mess up  or an IT problem, our veterans receive an overpayment and then suddenly  get a letter a few weeks later saying, ``Oh, hey, we made a mistake.  You owe us $5,000 back.''   Well, the normal American, Mr. Speaker, doesn't have that kind of  financial planning expertise, and relies on the quality of our VA  services to not make mistakes like that.   So it is a pleasure to work with Mr. Kim on this measure to try to  improve that situation and answer the IG's own report at the VA that  this is a serious problem affecting over 1.5 million veterans.   This bill tries to tackle this issue by improving Veterans  Administration IT systems, which are often the cause of this challenge,  and offers veterans that unknowingly are forced to go without their  earned benefits for extended periods of time some recourse on being a  victim of an overpayment and have their credit impaired.   I am proud to represent veterans from Camp Robinson and Little Rock  Air Force Base in our central Arkansas area. I am proud to work on  something that rectifies a common problem across this country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New Jersey for his work and for  the leadership of the committee for bringing this bill to the House  floor.   