 Mr. President, the Senate has unanimously rejected the  so-called Green New Deal. In a display of political courage for the  ages, 43 Democrats voted present, including many of the bill's own  sponsors.   Now, many of them are running for President. In fact, these days, it  seems that all of the Democratic Senators are running for President and  perhaps may realize what a disaster the Green New Deal is for them.   The Green New Deal would force a transition in just 10 years--one  decade--to 100 percent green energy, whatever that is. But it is an  impossible goal that would require trillions of dollars of taxes and  the effective nationalization of private industry in America.   That is not all--no, not all.   The Green New Deal would also overhaul or rebuild all existing  buildings in the United States to achieve maximum energy efficiency-- all--every single home and building in America. I guess you could call  it the ``Extreme Home Makeover Mandate.''   The Green New Deal also calls for taxpayer-funded college and jobs  for every person in the country, even for illegal aliens and even if  you are unable or unwilling to work. That is according to a press  release the Democrats sent out and then tried to send down the memory  hole when it was justly mocked, and understandably so.   Jobs for everyone who is unable to work and unwilling to work--there  is a big difference between those two groups of people.   The radical nature of the Green New Deal cannot be overstated. The  amount of control it would give to politicians and planners in  Washington would be the envy of Soviet Russia. Actually, it would make  Stalin blush. And it would take Stalinist tactics to achieve a Green  New Deal.   To borrow from Churchill, ``Socialism may begin with the best of  intentions, but it always ends with the Gestapo.'' Who else is going to  come into your home and make sure that it is energy compliant? Who else  is going to confiscate your gas-using pickup truck? Who else is going  to ensure that you don't commit the terrible crime of eating a  hamburger?   Perhaps we can come up with a better name for the Green New Deal--one  that reflects its true lineage. Might I suggest the Red New Deal, the  color of Communist regimes the world over, or perhaps the Green Leap  Forward in honor of Mao.   I gather some House freshmen might actually feel pretty comfortable  with those labels. They claim these radical ideas are necessary to stop  the threat of climate change--a threat so dire, the Democrats insist-- so dire that we will all be dead in 12 years--12 years--if we don't  surrender to totalitarian levels of power over our lives to central  planners in Washington.   Yet we gave them a chance to vote on this existential, apocalyptic  threat and they all said: Meh, maybe later.   So this isn't really about climate change or even the environment. I  [[Page S2027]]  mean, come on. What do free college for rich kids and guaranteed jobs  for lazy bums have to do with climate change?   The answer is: Nothing. And that tells you all you need to know about  what the Democrats are up to.   The Green New Deal isn't a real policy proposal. It is just the  Democrats' most fanciful and frightful dreams wrapped in one shiny  package. I would call it a policy platform, but that would probably  give it too much credit for substance.   The President put it very well. He said the Green New Deal is more  like an undergraduate term paper, one written late at night after too  many bong hits, judging from its botched rollout.   If you really feared a climate catastrophe, you would do a couple of  simple things. First, you would build as many new, beautiful, carbon- free nuclear powerplants as you could. But the Green New Deal omits  nuclear energy entirely, no doubt to please the Democrats' crony  renewable energy lobbyists and the anti-nuclear know-nothings in the  Democrats' base.   Second, you would get tough on the world's biggest polluters,  especially on China. Foreign nations, after all, have driven almost all  of the growth in global carbon emissions since the turn of the century.   But the Green New Dealers seem to believe America is the root of all  of the world's problems, even though our emissions have been declining.  It is just another case of the Democrats' guiding principle: Blame  America first.   Of course, if we did something as stupid as pass the Green New Deal,  most foreign nations would just laugh at us and keep building their  economies and keep polluting while we tanked our own economy,  immiserated our citizens, and lost millions of jobs in pursuit of a  fantasy.   The Green New Deal would amount to America's unilateral disarmament  on the world stage, which for some Democrats is probably a feature and  not a bug. But sometimes even terrible ideas deserve a vote. So we gave  them a vote on the Green New Deal, and the bill's own sponsors  complained.   In any event, the Senate flunked the Democrats' term paper  unanimously, and the only reason the Green New Deal got an F is that  there is not a lower grade. So common sense prevailed this time,  although I have a feeling this is not the last time we have heard of  the Green New Deal.   Remember, this is not the hobby horse of some eccentric socialist  fringe of the Democratic Party--oh, no, not at all. The Green New Deal  has 90 Democratic cosponsors in the House. That is nearly two out of  every five House Democrats, and the Democratic Presidential candidates  have rushed to endorse the Green New Deal. Remember that when you step  into the voting booth in 2020.    But let me wrap up on a more serious note. I have made a lot of jokes  about the Green New Deal, and, believe me, the Green New Deal is  laughable. But for many Americans, the Green New Deal is no laughing  matter.   Imagine, if you will, a mom and dad and a couple young kids outside  Little Rock, let's say. Every day, they drive the kids to school. They  commute into the city where they work and back out to the suburbs, just  so they can afford a home. When they are home on the weekends, maybe  they try to fire up the grill on the patio to have a little cookout for  the kids.   This working-class family is doing its best to live the American  dream and pass it on to their kids. The Green New Deal is not for that  family. It would outlaw their entire way of life, from the minivan in  the garage to the hamburgers on their grill, to the house they call  home.   The Green New Deal would be a death sentence for America's families.  Yet the Democrats have the nerve to sell it as a rescue mission. I  reject that fraud on America, and now so does the Senate.   I yield the floor.   