 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, when I became chairman of this committee, I vowed never  to do this kind of a package. I thought that each bill deserved to be  debated and to be moved as a standalone.   Basically, we in the House did that. Unfortunately, the Senate did  not, which is why there are at least 63 House-passed bills in this  package, 62 of which were passed on suspension, that have been sitting  in the Senate, languishing for up to a year and a half.   If somebody says they don't have time to look at all the stuff that  is in here, there have been months that they have been able to look at  this stuff as it has been sitting over in the Senate.   Much of it is of parochial significance, which means it solves local  challenges.  [[Page H2212]]    The very basis of all the bills that are in here is to put people  above government. If indeed we are going to have public lands, there  should be access to those lands.   That is one of the reasons why, for the first time in years, we have  had some sportsmen's activities that are put into this particular bill.  So the sportsmen can assume if they are on public land, it is going to  be open for recreational hunting and fishing and shooting and all kinds  of outdoor recreation, unless it is specifically closed.   And a land manager cannot be arbitrary with that. If they are going  to close it, there has to be a public process they go through that  mandates consultation with local officials.   It is extremely important that bow hunters get some protection. Even  duck hunters get some certainty in here. For the first time, we are  going to have special days for duck hunting, for youth and veterans, as  well as those who are on Active Duty.   For the first time, there are real reforms of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. When that program was established a half century  ago, 60 percent of all the land was supposed to go into the State and  local funds.   Those are the programs that your constituents are calling you and  saying: These are the good things on why this program should be  reauthorized.   But when that cap was taken off, the amount of money going to State  and local programs was reduced. In the time of the Obama  administration, it was down to 12 percent. Everything else was for land  acquisition.   This bill reforms that permanently by saying no less than 40 percent  has to go to those State and local funds that your constituents like.   No less than 3 percent has to go to fulfilling facility recreation  access. That means that we are, for the first time now, really  empowering people and communities, State and local governments, as well  as sportsmen.   I have always said that I want to shrink the Federal estate. This  bill finally does shrink the Federal estate, in my State as well as  nationwide.   We create four new monuments in this bill, but the right way; not  expecting the President to make a declaration but, actually, for the  Congress to pass a bill, to debate the bill, and then to pass the bill  at the same time.   This administration actually did use the Antiquities Act on one of  these monuments--nice and cute--but we are going to do it the right way  in this particular bill.   We are going to do wilderness the right way. No longer should an  agency simply create wilderness by dicta or fiat. Congress will make  those decisions of what is wilderness and what is not going to be  wilderness.   Let me talk for just a second about wilderness, because it has some  controversy in here.   Over half the wilderness that is established in this section of bills  is in my home State of Utah, but, as Mr. Curtis will tell you, the  county commissioners, the local officials, endorse this action. They  are happy with it because they gain access to other areas that can  promote recreation and economic development, which they have been  trying to get for several decades.    A quarter of this is also in California, in one district. So we  create wilderness in the national park, but, at the same time, we are  taking wilderness study areas and releasing those at the same time. We  are making exchanges so that some of the lands go into trust funds for  education purposes, to fund the education of our kids--something that  the East doesn't need, but those of us who live in the Federally  controlled West, we desperately need to do that.   For the first time we are taking EAJA, and we will actually have some  transparency so we will really know what it costs for environmental  litigation.   These are all issues we have been talking about for years in the  House. These are issues that we repeatedly passed in the House. But,  for now, we have a chance of actually making it happen.   Is this bill perfect? No. It is too big to be perfect.   Is the process for creating this perfect? Hell, no. But I am  perfectly satisfied and willing to vote for this, because without this  there will be no progress. The status quo will be maintained, and that  is bad.   Senator Graham used to say: If I am going from Washington back to  Houston and I get as far as Memphis, that is not bad. If I end up in  Boston, it is bad, but for Memphis, that is not necessarily bad.   We have been complaining for years about elements that are in this  package of bills, and now we have a chance to actually be positive, to  get to Memphis and beyond, and to actually get something done.   And if someone says: ``It is not good enough; I am holding out for  something better,'' we are holding out for something that never has  been and never will be.   And it puts to the lie the complaints that we have exaggerated in the  past. Congress is finally ready to act.   We should not refuse the solutions that are in front of us right now.  This is a step forward, and this, obviously, is better than the  alternatives.   I urge adoption of this package of compromise bills that have been  worked out in advance, and I appreciate my colleagues on the Democratic  side who have worked so hard to try and come up with a package of bills  that we can all support.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Alaska (Mr. Young), the dean of the House, someone who has  forgotten more about public lands than the rest of us will ever know.   (Mr. YOUNG asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Utah (Mr. Curtis), my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), one of the senior members from Kentucky who  can talk about how you do a monument the right way.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from  [[Page H2214]]  Oregon (Mr. Walden), someone who used to be on our committee but went  over to the dark side and is now former chairman somewhere else.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Wittman), one of the hardworking members of our  committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry), a gentleman who has never been on  our committee, but we have appreciated his friendship and helping to  move this package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Newhouse). We are sending out our members all over  the place. He used to be a member of our committee. He has moved on to  lesser roles now.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Montana (Mr. Gianforte), who worked very hard, especially in  December, for the passage of this package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from South Carolina (Mr. Duncan), a former member of our committee, but  also a leader in the sportsmen's community.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick).    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to  the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Burchett).    Yes, I have a couple speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I appreciate those who have come down and  spoken on this particular bill, especially when you can say the word  ``Oglethorpe'' all the time. It is one of the great names in American  history.   This is a good piece of legislation that will make some solutions and  move this forward. It is not perfect, but it actually solves some  problems. Many are parochial, but significant, local concerns.   That is why this package is here. It passed the 63 bills that we have  passed in the House but were sitting in the Senate. This has a chance  of actually bringing some kind of cloture to all of that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge favorable adoption of this piece of legislation,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   