 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, allow me to begin on a topic that doesn't  currently concern legislation or nominees on the floor but one that  does concern our national security and the privacy of the American  people.   Over the summer, I requested a review of the potential risks posed by  FaceApp, a widely used Russian-based mobile application that requires  the full and irrevocable access of its users' photos and data. Very  recently, the FBI responded to my request in writing, warning that the  FBI ``considers any mobile application or similar product developed in  Russia, such as FaceApp, to be a potential counterintelligence threat,  based on the data the product collects, its privacy and terms-of-use  policies, and the legal mechanisms available to the Government of  Russia that permit access to data within Russia's borders.''   Let me repeat this. These are the FBI's words in a letter sent to me  just in the last few hours; that the FBI ``considers,'' their words,  ``any mobile application or similar product developed in Russia, such  as FaceApp, to be a potential counterintelligence threat.''   The letter went on to say that the FBI is prepared to address foreign  influence operations involving FaceApp against elected officials,  candidates, political campaigns, and political parties.   In light of the FBI's warning, I strongly urge all Americans to  consider deleting apps like FaceApp immediately and proceed with  extreme caution when downloading apps from foreign countries that are  known adversaries. The personal data that FaceApp collects from a  user's device could end up in the hands of Russian intelligence  services. It is simply not worth the risk.   Americans should be aware of the risks posed by certain mobile apps,  particularly those developed in foreign countries that are known  adversaries, before they download them. The FBI didn't name other  countries, but I would certainly name not only Russia but China, Iran,  and there are others.   Please, Americans, be careful, and let us let all of our intelligence  agencies pursue this potential danger to America and ensure that it  doesn't endanger our national security.   