 Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking a Member from  the other side of the aisle, Chairman Eliot Engel. I thank the  gentleman, for when he heard the language, he stood up. I thank the  gentleman for his work.   To all the Members who are here, this shouldn't be this hard. We  should not have to go through the number of versions that we had to. We  shouldn't have to be on this floor even speaking about this. I hope we  won't be back.   Of all the things that have happened this Congress, this is what we  have talked about the most. This is the action that this Congress has  taken the most. Twice we have to make a statement that we are opposed  to anti-Semitism.   The first time it took the minority. It doesn't have very many  abilities to bring something to the floor, but we did, and we spoke  with one voice. But now we are back in a few weeks stating the same  thing, but without apologies, without apologies from that voice.   It did not have to be this hard. Mr. Speaker, we didn't have to break  the 72-hour rule that you put in this year to make it less than an hour  because of fear of what would happen tomorrow on a motion to recommit.   I will pledge to you this from this side of the aisle, and I hope you  understand this clearly: Any hatred, we take action.   I hope you have seen from the action on this side of the aisle where  we stand, Mr. Speaker. We didn't have to have a resolution, but when it  came to the floor, we voted for it. We took action before it came to  the floor, and it wasn't simply: Please apologize.    It didn't have to be this hard.   Yes, Mr. Speaker, our Madam Speaker was right. America is better than  this. But to my Members, Congress is better than this.   Please do not make history write about our time with these 2 years  that the most we have ever done is that we had to keep bringing  resolutions to the floor to tell people that anti-Semitism is wrong if  that is the only action we are going to take. I know we are better than  this.   