 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend,  Mrs. Lesko, for doing a great job representing her constituents in  Arizona.   This is an issue that has got to be addressed. As my friend said,  though, if we defeat the previous question, we will offer my bill, H.R.  4261.   When the majority of Democrats proposed public financing of campaigns  in H.R. 1 at the start of this Congress, I thought it was one of the  worst ideas in campaign finance ever. Public financing of campaigns  will fill the swamp and any Member that voted for it was voting to fill  their own pockets and the pockets of political operatives nationwide.   At first, Democrats tried to use the tax dollars of hardworking  Americans to fund their public financing sections of H.R. 1. Remember,  H.R. 1 was a 622-page behemoth of a bill that was supposed to get money  out of politics that initially had provisions to put public taxpayer  dollars into Members of Congress' own campaign coffers.   Imagine, if more people watched C-SPAN, they would have been able to  see so many Members of Congress vote to line their own pockets with  public tax dollars for their own personal political campaigns.   That is not what my constituents asked us to do when cleaning up  Washington. That is not what we should be doing. We need to work  together now to make sure that it doesn't ever happen again.   This matching program would have created a six-to-one match of public  financing. Well, once the public caught some sense that this was  happening, the majority decided to change the way they do this. What  they did instead was, they were going to use corporate fines.   Well, that criticism forced them to change it, but also not be able  to get funding at the levels that are needed for every Member of  Congress to be able to run this new publicly financed campaign. They  would have had to subsidize the corporate fines with tax dollars. When  the Federal Government fines a corporation that has broken a Federal  law, it does so with specific intentions.   Remember, for every dollar that a donor gives to a campaign under the  Democrats' plan, you would have gotten six times that in first-tax  dollars and then so-called corporate-fine dollars. Imagine a scenario  where a pharmaceutical company is fined for corporate malfeasance  associated with the opioid epidemic and the resulting funds go not to  those actually affected by this horrible epidemic, but, instead, they  go to line the pockets and campaign coffers of Members of Congress,  politicians.   Not to mention, this form of public financing would bring into  question judges' partiality. If they knew a corporation's fine could  end up helping their preferred political party, help them win elected  office, what is to stop them from determining who specifically then  receives the money?   Using taxpayers' dollars or money from corporate fines to publicly  support a candidate and start yet another mandatory program, is  irresponsible. There are better uses that would be more beneficial to  our constituents than putting it back into Congress' own campaign  coffers.   Call it what you want to call it, but we are now subsidizing private  money with funds from corporate fines through campaign subsidies, and  this is simply a money grab for politicians.   Imagine, if every Member of Congress, not counting all candidates in  each of the congressional races--just the 435 of us who serve here-- receives just $1 million in matched funds from the Federal Government.  That is close to half a billion dollars going to just the incumbent  politician's campaigns. In districts like mine, where the investment  every campaign season is substantially higher, it would be even more.   Welcome to campaign finance socialism.   If the goal is to get money and corruption out of politics, public  financing of campaigns is the wrong way to do that.   I thank my colleague from Arizona, and I thank my colleagues who are  going to vote to make sure that we don't publicly finance campaigns of  anyone in this institution.   