 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I start out, first, that this is the largest, most massive coverup of  such a list of crimes against our country, and to go so far as to bring  impeachment hearings to try to cover all of this up.   I would take you back to October of 2015, when Barack Obama said  Hillary Clinton would never intend to jeopardize our national security.  Again, the following April, the next month, Peter Strzok wrote the  statement that was delivered by James Comey: They have spent Democrat  money and Hillary Clinton money in Russia to pick up dirt on Donald  Trump.   And then Joe Biden goes to Ukraine and makes the statement: Here is a  billion dollars, but you must do what I told you to do.   You are accusing Donald Trump of doing that which Joe Biden has  confessed to doing.   And, by the way, Joe Biden was not the opponent of Donald Trump. He  is in a 21-way primary, and he is running third in that race. His  opponents are the other 20 Democrats. How would anybody dig into that  mess of 21 people and decide he is going to go overseas and pull some  maneuver like this?   You have to assign him a motive. You assign him a motive, then you  create the dots, then you go dot to dot.   But the reality is that it was Biden who was doing the extortion of  the power play in order to protect his own son, and it was Donald Trump  that was following the law that said you have to ensure that there is  not corruption here before this money is handed over.   By the way, there was a violent war going on in Ukraine, and that is  when we sent blankets and MREs over there, under Barack Obama.   But when I hear this from the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson):  He doesn't think he can win the election fair and square, so he would  cheat--and I have heard that here on this floor.   No, it is the other way around. Democrats' number one proponent of  impeachment is Al Green of Texas, and he said those very same things;  and they brought this case November 9, the day after Trump was elected.   