 Mr. President, I am delighted to follow on the floor the  chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, who is now  hastening for the exit before I can say nice things about him. I want  to say he represents Wyoming. We have a place called Wyoming in  Delaware just south of Dover--Camden Wyoming--and I go there every  week, just as he goes home to Wyoming every week.   His colleague from Wyoming is Mike Enzi, whom our new Presiding  Officer, a former Governor, is well familiar with. Mike Enzi had  something called the 80-20 rule, and the 80-20 rule goes something like  this. I used to ask him: How do you get so much done with Ted Kennedy  on the HELP Committee, that you now serve on, Mr. President, and he  said: Ted and I agree on 80 percent of the stuff. We disagree on 20  percent of the stuff. He said: Ted and I focus on the 80 percent where  we agree and we set aside the other 20 percent to another day.   So I want to just talk about the 80 percent Chairman Barrasso and I  agree on and then maybe the 20 percent we can agree to disagree until  another day. I appreciate your staying here, but you don't have to. I  know you have better things to do than to listen to me.   Something that is being lost in this conversation is, at least to  this point in time, there is a reason we have a policy that encourages  people to buy electric-powered vehicles. There is a reason we have a  tax policy and other policies to encourage people to buy fuel-celled  powered vehicles that are fueled by hydrogen. The reason why is because  we have way too much carbon dioxide in the air, and it is creating  great challenges for these young pages who are sitting down here at  your feet, Mr. President. They have a planet to worry about. I will be  around for maybe 30 years or more, but I will not be here in the  Senate, I assure you, for 30 years or more. They are going to be around  here for, gosh, 70, 80, 90 years or more, and they have to worry about  this planet, and we have to worry about this planet for them and for  our own kids and, eventually, hopefully, for my wife and me, our  grandchildren.   We want to make sure they have a planet to live on and to grow up on,  and we have way too much carbon, and if we are not careful, it is going  to continue to get worse rather than better.   Here recently, just in the last several months, we have had 13  Federal Agencies that have come together to say the situation is even  more dire with respect to the threat of climate change, global warming,  severe weather than we thought. A month or so before that, an arm, if  you will, of the United Nations had a similar kind of report, and the  forecast was equally daunting and really frightening.   So the reason we are trying to encourage people to buy electric- powered vehicles and to buy hydrogen-powered vehicles is to reduce  carbon in the air.   Why do we care about cars, trucks, vans, and their emissions? The  largest source of carbon emissions in this country today is not coal- fired utility plants. It is not cement plants. It is not our buildings.  It is our vehicles, our mobile sources, and so that is why we focus on  these issues.   The question of whether we need tax incentives forever, permanently,  for electric vehicles, I think you can argue we probably don't. The  battery technology in this country and this world is getting better and  better.   I just want to say to the Presiding Officer who was from  Massachusetts and was the Governor there for a number of years, there  is a company there--and I think they are still in the Cambridge area-- A123 battery, and they are one of the earlier pioneers in battery  technology for vehicles and others.   My son actually was offered an internship there when he was at MIT  one summer. So we have been interested in this industry for quite some  time.   I go to the Detroit Auto Show just about every year. People ask: Why  do you go to the Detroit Auto Show? Up until about 6, 7, 8 years ago,  Delaware built more cars, trucks, and vans per capita than any State in  the Nation. Think about that. More cars, trucks, and vans per capita  than any State in the Nation.  [[Page S888]]    We had a Chrysler plant at one time--4,000 employees in Newark, DE,  near the University of Delaware. We had a GM plant--4,000 employees at  one time,--very close to Wilmington, DE. We lost them both, like that,  at the bottom of the great recession when Chrysler and GM went into  bankruptcy, which was a huge blow to the economy of a small State, as  you can imagine.   The reason I used to go to the auto show all the time in Detroit was  so I would know whoever was running GM, I would know who was running  Chrysler, so that if they ever thought about closing our plants, we  would have somebody to call and to go see and say: You don't want to do  that. We lost them both at the bottom of the great recession.   The reason I tell that story is to explain why I have an interest in  the Detroit Auto Show. Eleven years ago at the Detroit Auto Show, at  the beginning of the auto show on Monday--it is about a 5-day event-- they have what they call the reveals, and they show all the new cars  and the concept cars and everything, all the new technology. Eleven  years ago, the car of the year was a Chevrolet Volt, V-o-l-t. The  Chevrolet Volt is a classic hybrid. You get about 38 miles per gallon  on a charge, and then it ran on gasoline for the rest of maybe 300  miles. That was the car of the year, and they sold a number of them but  not huge numbers--not huge numbers.   Ten years later, about a year ago, the car of the year was the  Chevrolet Bolt, B-o-l-t. The Chevrolet Bolt is a classic electric  vehicle, and it gets about 140 miles--or it did at the time when it was  debuted--about 140 miles on a charge, and now more than that, I think.   When I was at the Detroit Auto Show last month, we saw electric- powered vehicles from American car companies, Korean car companies,  Chinese companies that get up to 250 miles per charge--250 miles per  charge. That is encouraging. What it is going to do is encourage a lot  of people who hadn't even thought about buying them to do that.   One of the reasons folks are still reluctant to buy them is because  when you drive around the country and you have your electric vehicle or  a hydrogen-powered vehicle for a fuel cell, when you are driving  around, you need a place to refuel and to recharge, and you can't take  the time--well, I have 6 hours to recharge my battery. People don't  want to do that. They might be willing to spend 30 minutes to do that  and grab something to eat, but they want to be able to recharge their  batteries conveniently. They may want to refuel with hydrogen  conveniently, but we don't have nearly enough places around the  country. We are trying to create new corridors, densely populated  corridors, places to recharge batteries and to refuel hydrogen tanks,  but we have a lot of work left to do.   So you put that in sort of the mix. I think not just as Americans but  as inhabitants of this planet we want to reduce carbon emissions from  the largest source of carbon emissions on our planet--mobile sources.   Among the incentives for that right now--I am looking for a new car.   In my minivan, my Chrysler Town & Country, which I bought the year I  stepped down as Governor, I just went over 498,000 miles this week. I  promised my wife that I would buy a new vehicle when this one went over  one-half million miles. I want it to be an electric vehicle, and I want  it to have a great distance between charges. I want to make sure we  have a lot of charging stations around, not just in Delaware but all  over the country, so I can refuel that baby when I save enough money to  buy it.   We have this tax credit in place for the first people who buy these  cars, and then, basically, we need to make sure we have an investment  tax credit around for a good while, and maybe phase it out over time,  in order to encourage people and businesses and so forth--like Wawa,  for example, and other gasoline stations--so they will be putting in  their own money to put in those hydrogen fueling stations and the  electric charging stations.   Why is this important? Here is why it is important. We used to  measure our rainfall in the country by the inch; we now measure it by  the foot. I was speaking with a farmer earlier today, and he told me  that last year in Delaware we had twice as much rain as we normally  have. They planted their crops in the spring. We raise a lot of  soybeans and corn in Delaware. They planted a good crop in spring, and  it was washed out. They came back after it dried out and planted a  second crop again, and a couple weeks later, it got washed out from the  rain, and again the third time. Finally, they just kind of gave up.  They gave up, and that is not a good thing.   We had wildfires out in the great Northwest--Northern California,  Oregon, Washington, Montana--this last year that were bigger than my  State of Delaware.   Right here in Ellicott City, in Maryland, where they have--have you  heard of the term ``100-year flood''? A 100-year flood is something  that occurs about every 100 years. A 500-year flood is something you  would expect to occur every 500 years. In Ellicott City, MD, in the  last year or so, they had two 1,000-year floods. Think about that.  These are floods that are supposed to occur every 1,000 years. They had  two of them in 18 months. That is not good.   It is not just Ellicott City; it happens in other places as well. We  have had more category 5 hurricanes than we have ever seen. I think the  last 4 years have been the hottest 4 years on our planet. We know that  climate change is happening, and this is real. We see the vestiges  every day, and we need to do something about it and continue to do more  about it going forward.   The good thing about it is, we can do more about it and create  economic opportunity. We can reduce bad emissions from cars, trucks,  and vans and create economic opportunities.   The auto industry in this country has basically let it be known that  they would like to see the regulation put in place by the Obama  administration about 3 years or so ago on fuel efficiency standards for  cars, trucks, and vans. The auto industry says: You know, we would like  to have some flexibility on those standards so that the monitor  requirement gets more stringent going forward under the Obama  regulation. Other companies have said they would like to have greater  flexibility in the near term, maybe 2021 to 2025, and the Obama  regulation was silent after the year 2025. They said: We would be  willing to handle greater, more rigorous standards going forward after  2025, but give us flexibility in the near term.   I think that is not a bad idea. They say that if we will do that,  they can avoid a lawsuit with California and 12 other States that want  to make sure California and other States have the ability to set their  own fuel efficiency mileage requirements.   The auto industry doesn't want to be involved in litigation with  California or anybody else in the next 5 years. They ought to have  certainty about the fuel efficiency standards their cars, trucks, and  vans are going to have to meet in the years to come. The reason is that  they need to make huge investments, and they need a long lead time for  these investments. They are competing in an international marketplace  against the rest of the world. The rest of the world is going to be  willing to produce very efficient electric-powered and hydrogen-fueled  cars, and they want to be able to compete with them.   So here is a situation where we can do good things for our planet-- clean our air with respect to climate change--and we can do good things  for the auto companies.   (Mr. SCOTT of Florida assumed the Chair.)   I see our new Presiding Officer, who just slipped into his seat. He  used to be a Governor, and he used to do a lot of customer calls in  Florida. I have done a lot of customer calls in Delaware, asking my  businesses three questions: How are you doing? How are we doing? What  can we do to help?   When I ask the auto manufacturers what we can do to help, they say:  Don't get rid of the electric vehicle credit. The idea of phasing it  out over time might be OK--not overnight but over time   The other thing is to make sure we put in place investment tax  credits for fueling stations for hydrogen and charging stations for  electricity.   The current administration does not take the threat of climate change  and severe weather as seriously as the rest of us. In my State we see  it every day. Delaware--which, you know, may be 70,  [[Page S889]]  80 miles to our east--is the second smallest State. I like to say it is  the 49th largest State in America. But we are sinking, and the seas  around us are rising. If you go down the east coast as far as Florida,  you will find that in Florida, especially southern Florida, they have  similar kinds of problems and concerns. This is real.   What should we do about it? Well, the current administration should  not lead a fight, in my judgment, to get rid of the current regulations  that I described earlier and put in its place a regulation that  basically says there will be little to no increase in fuel efficiency  standards as we go forward. I just don't think that is smart, and, in  the auto industry, that is not what they are asking for. They are  asking for near-term flexibility, longer term certainty, and more  rigorous standards. They think that would be good for their bottom  line, and they could sell more vehicles.   We had a committee hearing yesterday--actually a markup and business  meeting in the Environment and Public Works Committee for the  nomination of Andrew Wheeler to be the Administrator of the EPA. We  haven't had a Senate-confirmed Administrator for just over--about 1  year, maybe a little more than 1 year.   Scott Pruitt was the first EPA Administrator for this  administration--not a friend to the environment and someone who turned  out, I think, to be ethically corrupt. He is gone, and Andrew Wheeler  is the Acting Administrator; he was the assistant administrator. He has  been nominated by the President to be the Administrator for the EPA.   I didn't realize this a couple months ago, but when somebody is in a  position like this, when they are the assistant administrator--in this  case the EPA--and the person who leaves as the Administrator leaves a  vacancy, the President can appoint the assistant administrator as the  Acting Administrator. It is kind of like a promotion but in an acting  form. That is good for 210 days. Sometimes you may have a situation in  which someone is not the assistant administrator of the EPA or an  Agency but is just plucked out of the air by the President and plopped  in as the Acting Administrator. That person doesn't have 210 days--a  period in which they can stay there and do the job as Acting  Administrator. Andrew Wheeler does. For all intents and purposes he  will be the Administrator in an acting capacity for 210 days.   So we are saying to the administration, to our colleagues on the  Environment and Public Works Committee, there is no real need to rush  through the nomination until we resolve our differences in a couple of  areas, and one of those areas deals with emissions from mobile sources,  the greatest source of carbon in our air.   Another issue we have a lot of interest in--the automobile industry  does; so does the utility industry; so does the Chamber of Commerce--is  a regulation from the last administration that was actually promulgated  in 2012. It is called MATS, mercury and air toxics standards. The  mercury and toxics standards regulation, basically put in place in  2012, says to the utility industry: You have to reduce your emissions  of mercury by 2050.   Why do we care about mercury emissions? Because if you are a pregnant  woman and you ingest fish with large amounts of mercury, you may do  serious damage to your unborn child. It can also do serious damage to  the life of the woman, but the real concern is brain damage for unborn  children because of high levels of ingestion of mercury by pregnant  women of childbearing age.   We are not talking about something that affects 100 or 1,000 women a  year. We are not talking about tens of thousands but literally hundreds  of thousands of people who are at risk. So we have in place a MATS  mercury and air toxics rule. It was adopted in 2012. The utility  companies initially said: Well, we don't like that. We don't want to do  that.   Guess what. They did--and at one-third of the cost they expected. It  was implemented more quickly than they expected, and the health  benefits are greater than they expected.   Now the utility industry, including the rural electric co-ops,  including their trade association for utilities, chamber of commerce,  National Association of Manufacturers, a whole host of environmental  groups and clean air groups--everybody said: Well, we know this MATS  rule, the mercury and air toxics rule we are familiar with, and we are  complying with it. It is OK. Leave it alone.   The current administration wants to take some steps that would really  undermine the ability to uphold that 2012 regulation in a court of law.  They are saying they are not doing that, but actually that is the  effect of what they are trying to do.   In order to move expeditiously on the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to  be the Administrator of EPA, we want to make clear that the mercury and  air toxics standards rule does not go away. We are going to comply with  what the industry has asked us to do.   The third front I will mention is HFCs--we are really good with  acronyms--hydrofluorocarbons. We have refrigerants, and we all have air  conditioning in our cars and homes--most of us. We used to use  perfluorocarbons in the cooling systems, in our refrigerator systems.  They have created real problems for the environment and the atmosphere.   The follow-on product was called HFCs, hydrofluorocarbons. We found  this was better for the atmosphere, better for the environment--but not  great--and American companies, American technologies have come up with  another product to replace HFC. That form of technology is American- owned, and American technology creates American jobs.   We need to adopt and pass a treaty in this country called the Kigali  treaty, which makes it clear that the current HFCs, which are coolants  for refrigerants, are still a problem, but they can be phased out, and  this new technology by American companies can be phased in to take its  place. This involves job creation in this country. We are not talking  about a couple of hundred jobs; we are talking about thousands of  jobs--good-paying jobs in this country, bringing economic value to  American companies--not measured in millions of dollars but billions of  dollars every year. It is there for us.   This is a situation in which American technology can do good things  for our environment, for our atmosphere, for our air, and at the same  time create jobs, American jobs using American technology.   I might mention one more, something called--and I just want to say  that the EPA is standing in the way of the administration's submitting  for our approval in the Senate this treaty called the Kigali treaty.  Apparently, the State Department wants to submit the treaty for our  consideration. The Commerce Department wants to submit the treaty for  our administration, and the EPA is standing in the way. I don't really  understand why, but before we move expeditiously on the nomination of  Mr. Wheeler, the administration should say: OK, we are not messing with  the treaty.   Most of the administration thinks they ought to submit it, and,  frankly, so do the rest of us. It is one of those deals, again, that is  good for environment, good for public health, creates jobs--win-win.   The last one I want to mention is PFOA. I wish I can tell you what it  stands for, but it is a long name. One of the things we found out is  that in places where we have military bases--where we have firefighting  equipment for planes, air crashes and so forth, and we use that type of  firefighting equipment--sometimes the water runs off the tarmac, off  the runways and the parking areas, and it gets into groundwater and  creates problems with our drinking water. These are substances that are  known carcinogens, and we have seen in places around the country-- including places like West Virginia, where I was born, and North  Carolina, where my wife is from--this is a real problem. We are not  saying--nobody is saying, at least to my knowledge--that it ought to be  completely banned. This family of elements, the PFAS and PFOA--we are  not asking for a ban; we just want a clean water drinking standard  established by the EPA. That is what we want in 2 years--not today, not  tomorrow, but in 2 years, creating clean water so that people can be  protected.   Those are four things we are asking for the administration to take  action on and to make clear. To the extent it  [[Page S890]]  does, we are then prepared to move forward on the nomination, right  here, for Andrew Wheeler. My guess is, he will get confirmed, but I  think it is important for us to address those particular issues.   At the end of the day, we will improve the quality of life for the  people in our country. At the same time, we will create jobs. That is a  great combination. It is a real win-win. We can seize the day and win  on behalf of our young people and our not so young people. At the same  time, we can create a lot of jobs and enhance economic activity. We  ought to do that. If we do, the EPA will end up with an Administrator-- one who will be a lot better than the last one. Let's do that.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield to my friend, the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator  Grassley.   