 Thank you, Mr. President. I thank my colleagues from  Alaska, Maryland, and other States for their willingness to spend so  much time talking, listening, and trying, together, to craft a path  forward.   The role the Senate has historically played in our constitutional  order is one where we are the body that others look to when there is  either an inflexibility or an unreliability in negotiating a path  forward. We have lots of folks across this country suffering from this  government shutdown. It is having an impact that all of us could  detail.   I have to ask, what is it going to take for us to reopen this  government? Is it going to take a breakdown in food security or airline  security? Is it going to take an increase in crime or terrorism, an  accident, or thousands more Americans struggling to feed their  families, losing housing or electricity? I will not go on with the  list. We all know the human cost of this shutdown.   I am here to join my friends, my colleagues from both parties, in  saying that we are intent on making a good-faith effort to reopen the  government for 3 weeks, to promptly support good-faith negotiations, to  address the President's priorities, to discuss what effective, modern  investment in border security and changes in immigration policy would  look like, and then reach a resolution in 3 weeks or less. We have to  be able to do this. We have to show our country and the world that  democracy can work.   I am optimistic that with the passion and the commitment I have heard  from my bipartisan colleagues who stand on the floor with me tonight,  that it is possible to get this done and that whatever gets taken up  and considered in regular order by this body could then be passed by  the House and signed into law by the President.   Let us take a first bold step together today and sign on to an  amendment that my colleague from Maryland has, committing us to a  clean, 3-week continuing resolution, reopening the government, and  promptly negotiating in good faith to increase investment in border  security.   I yield the floor.   