 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, but  more importantly, I thank him for his work on this bill, and all the  others, as well, in their committees.   There is an urgent need to address the soaring cost of prescription  drugs that burden too many American families. It is well past time that  we offer a practical solution that actually lowers costs while ensuring  new cures can reach Americans fighting disease and illness.   This Congress in the past has spent a great deal of time making sure  that we have cures for the future. That is why Republicans introduced  this bill, Lower Costs, More Cures Act, and I urge all my colleagues to  support it.   The bill was written with a rule: each policy must be bipartisan. I  know in this town and in this climate, that is not achieved very often,  but for an issue as crucial as lowering the cost of prescription drugs  for Americans, partisanship should be set aside.   Later today, we will see which side and which bill is bipartisan. By  drawing on the very best ideas, H.R. 19 makes crucial reforms that will  lower out-of-pocket costs for Americans at drugstore counters. For  seniors, it makes medication more affordable by capping their out-of- pocket costs. It increases the availability of generics and biosimilar  drugs by prohibiting drug companies from delaying the start of their  exclusivity period. It speeds up the FDA approval process. It provides  greater price transparency by requiring insurance companies to make  information about drug costs available in the doctor's office before a  prescription is written. And for diabetics who have  [[Page H10137]]  high deductibles in their plans, it allows insurance companies to cover  the cost of insulin before meeting the plan's deductibility.   While Republicans offer practical solutions, Democrats are catering  to their progressive base by opening a door to a government takeover of  our prescription drug market.   Mr. Chairman, Speaker Pelosi's partisan plan, H.R. 3, will make our  broken system worse by placing more barriers between Americans and  their medication, including by reducing the number of new drugs on the  market instead of helping them reach the patients. According to  estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers, the Speaker's radical  proposal could kill upwards of 100 new drugs over the next decade.   Pause for one moment and think about that: 100 new drugs over the  next decade will be killed by passing H.R. 3. That is one-third of the  total number of new drugs expected to enter the market during that  time.   Moreover, the Council estimates that H.R. 3 would reduce America's  average life expectancy by 4 months. Nearly a quarter of the projected  gains in life expectancies over the next decade, simply because you  want to appease the progressive base and have a partisan bill that  denies us more cures and shortens our lifespan.   But you will achieve one goal today: You will have one party vote for  a bill that will not become law, but you will appease a base with this  and impeachment.   And it is not just the Council. The CBO reports that fewer drugs will  be available because of the provisions in H.R. 3. The Democrat's plan  is yet another example of how unnecessary government control harms the  very people it claims to help.   All of us have or know someone with a loved one who has fought a  disease or an illness for which no cure has been found. Imagine how  demoralizing it will be to cut off hope for a future cure. All of us  have gone through this. My father never got to see the day I was  elected because he lost his life to cancer. He battled it for 3 years.  I would give anything to have found a cure for my father's cancer. But  it is not just his.   If we delay one cure, that is one cure too many. The best way to  lower costs is not to lose the cures, even the loss of one.   Mr. Chairman, Americans want their government to put the best  available ideas into action. They deserve solutions, not political  posturing filled with empty promises. The saddest part of today, we  could have had prescription drug prices lowered on this floor even  earlier in this year. There was a window of opportunity, a moment in  time where you did not see the partisanship that we see today, a moment  in the Committee on Energy and Commerce where every single Democrat and  every single Republican voted on three bills to lower the price of  prescription drugs.   But as I learned as a child on ``Schoolhouse Rock,'' ``I am just a  bill on Capitol Hill,'' at the time it goes from a committee and before  it gets to the floor, it goes through leadership. And unfortunately for  the Americans across this country, leadership changed that bill, not  the Members in the House. They changed that bill so when it came to the  floor it became partisan.   And you know what? Our drugs were not lowered, the bill did not  become law, and we are impeding the exact same thing today.   You will have two choices: You will have a choice of H.R. 3, that,  yes, had to be negotiated even this week with progressives on the other  side to appease them to make sure this was as partisan as can be. It  won't become law. It will be another talking point, a moment of time to  try to explain why you wasted a majority on just investigations.   But you will have another opportunity, a substitute. If you want to  lower drug prices in 2019, vote for H.R. 19. You know why? Because  every single provision in that bill is bipartisan.   Can we not, with one issue, at one moment in one time put  partisanship aside? Can we put people before politics? Can we expand  our life expectancy? Can we find 100 more cures? Can we do that?    I know you might upset a few in your party, but think about how many  more lives we will save. There is always a moment in time that I have  hope that this Congress will rise and keep the promises that I heard  before an election took place, that we would be different, that we  would govern together, that we would find bipartisanship.   Today, on the floor, you will have that window. You will have a bill  that has every single provision. You will have a report that says, No,  we won't stop 100 new cures in the next decade. No, they will give hope  to the American public that there will be opportunity to cure disease  that you have today and live a long and full life.   And you know what? It is the only bill on the floor today that could  become law. So if you want to make a real change, you have a voting  card to do it.   