 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, transgender and gender nonconforming people  face extraordinary levels of physical and sexual violence. According to  the U.S. Transgender Survey, which surveyed nearly 28,000 transgender  Americans across all 50 States, nearly half of transgender individuals  have been sexually assaulted in their lifetime, and nearly 1 in 10  respondents in the survey reported that they were physically attacked  in the past year because of being transgender.   Transgender people face disproportionate harassment and violence.  More than one in four transgender people have faced bias-driven  assault, and this rate is higher for trans women and trans people of  color. The fear caused by these acts sends people underground and away  from community services and support.   This violence has deadly consequences. The American Foundation for  Suicide Prevention has found that transgender and gender nonconforming  people have an elevated prevalence of suicide attempts, especially when  they have suffered physical or sexual assault.   As always, listening to and believing survivors is critical, and I  stand committed to rejecting the prejudice and hate facing transgender  and gender nonconforming people in our Nation. Far too often, the  experiences of transgender and gender nonconforming people are ignored  and overlooked.   My amendment, which is supported by the Human Rights Campaign and the  National Center for Transgender Equality, adds language to the Violence  Against Women Reauthorization Act that recognizes the ongoing epidemic  of violence against these members of the LGBTQ community.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment that seeks to include the experiences of transgender and  gender nonconforming people in this important piece of legislation.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the Member's comments and agree  that suicide, nationally, is an issue, regardless of the situation, and  I appreciate his comments that anybody in that situation should be  encouraged to reach out.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as we seek to reauthorize this landmark piece  of bipartisan legislation, it is important that we recognize we have a  long way to go to end rape, sexual violence, and sexual harassment on  college campuses.   Nearly one-quarter of American college women experience sexual  violence.   Let me repeat. Nearly one-quarter of college women experience sexual  violence while attending school.   We have failed the young people of our Nation who are tirelessly  pursuing higher education and chasing the American Dream.   The Violence Against Women Act supports hundreds of thousands of  sexual assault survivors across the United States; however, we must do  more to prevent these acts of sexual violence from occurring in the  first place. My amendment would give colleges and universities the  opportunity to use grant funding to offer or improve the delivery of  primary prevention training.   Primary prevention training is exactly what it sounds like. It seeks  to educate and change the culture on college campuses. It promotes  healthy relationships and addresses community and societal challenges.  It teaches students consent and stops sexual assaults from occurring.   Organizations like End Rape on Campus know that primary prevention  training works, and they are in full support of this amendment.   As I mentioned earlier, one-quarter of college women experience  sexual violence while on campus. Today, we can begin to change that  unacceptable statistic by adopting this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as I mentioned, 25 percent of female students  on campus have experienced sexual assault, yet less than 10 percent of  college students who experience sexual violence report their assaults.   For many survivors, reporting a sexual assault is an incredibly  traumatic process that forces them to repeatedly relive the worst days  or nights of their lives.   More than just traumatic, reporting can be dangerous or detrimental  to one's social status, academic pursuits, or career prospects.   Knowing that 90 percent of students feel uncomfortable with the  current reporting process, my amendment would give colleges and  universities the opportunity to use grant funding to offer alternative  justice response programs.   These programs allow for a nonpunitive response to objectionable  conduct, seek accountability from the accused, provide alternative  pathways for justice and healing for survivors, and give an opportunity  for education and behavioral change.   Research has shown that alternative justice programs, which return  autonomy and control to survivors, can lessen PTSD symptoms.   Working toward justice and healing are not always linear processes,  and this amendment would allow for the complex experiences of survivors  to be respected and supported.   Mr. Chair, I ask that my colleagues join me in supporting this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's comments.   As I mentioned early, when you look at 25 percent of the female  student body experiencing sexual assault on campus, and only 10 percent  feeling comfortable to come forward and report, that 90 percent of them  that do not feel that they have an avenue that they are comfortable  with to share their story and seek justice, this is an opportunity to  do just that.   There is no evidence that suggests those universities that have  already provided restorative justice have seen a decline in actual  reports.   As such, I think this is a program that provides exactly what was  laid out in the amendment and should have bipartisan support.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I will point out that lots of times victims  do not come forward to the police department and the court system  because they recognize that they often will not get justice. That could  be because of a lack of evidence, or that could be for other reasons.  This provides another recourse for them.   As the father of a daughter and three sons, I would want to see this  available for those kids in that type of a situation, that if the  victim felt this was the right course of action for them to address  that issue, then I believe this amendment helps them do just that.   And while I respect my colleague's comment, again, I would hold the  amendment up as is, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my final amendment addresses training for  all participants involved in the complaint resolution process.   Campus disciplinary processes, governed by Title IX, vary by school,  and involve many participants before the complaint even reaches the  hearing phase where a campus disciplinary or judicial board would be  involved. Many survivors never even reach the hearing phase.   At the same time, throughout the disclosure process, survivors are  required to relive and discuss their sexual assaults with  administrators, faculty, and staff. As previously mentioned, only 10  percent of college student survivors officially report their assault.   When and if they decide to report, survivors deserve to be met with  trauma-informed care, and campus faculty and staff deserve training on  the best practices to meet this critical need.   My amendment would give colleges and universities the opportunity to  use  [[Page H3058]]  grant funding for training of all participants involved with the  resolution process in training which identifies or responds to crimes  of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   Resolution process members include the Title IX coordinator's office,  as well as the office of student conduct. This training will ensure  that survivors are treated with more respect, professionalism, and  compassion by every school official, campus security guard,  administrator, and professor.   I urge Members to adopt this amendment which promotes effective and  positive responses to survivors on college campuses.   I yield back the balance of my time.   