 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 397.   Protecting pensions and retirement security for all Americans should  be one area where Republicans and Democrats can agree. It should be a  top priority in Congress.   As the gentleman from Virginia indicated earlier, these plans need  structural reform. Sadly, this bill does not include any.   H.R. 397 falls short of making any meaningful structural reforms to  address the problems of underfunding or provide a method to pay back  the loans. Instead, H.R. 397 provides taxpayer-subsidized loans to  multiemployer pension plans that are insolvent or in danger of becoming  insolvent.   This only throws out more taxpayer dollars while kicking the can down  the road. This is unacceptable. We can and should do better.   However, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have rushed  this partisan legislation to the House floor with almost zero  Republican feedback or amendments.   Instead of a partisan bill with no chance of going anywhere, I  believe we should work together on serious bipartisan solutions to make  the needed reforms so that we don't get right back in this situation  again.   As Kansas State treasurer, we reformed the public pension system. We  should do that with this system as well.   As Kansas State Treasurer, I helped reform the Kansas public pension  program when it was facing a financial crisis and set it on a path to  being solvent.   In fact, when I was sworn-in as state treasurer, Kansas had the  second worst funded pension in the nation. But thanks to reforms we  enacted, KPERS is now funded at 67% and ranked 29th in the country.   This was a big turnaround and is also the same kind of leadership and  action we need now to preserve and protect pensions across the country.  Pension plans can be reformed even after 2008 stockmarket decline.   Unfortunately, today's bill does nothing to keep pensions solvent in  the future.   American workers and families deserve better and I urge my colleagues  to vote against this bill.   