 Mr. President, I rise tonight to talk about the  government shutdown. I thank my colleague from Minnesota for her  remarks. I remember the 2013 shutdown that she talked about. The reason  I remember that is that while this place was shut down by the Senator  from Texas, my State was under water from some of the worst floods we  had ever seen, and there were people at every level of government--the  local level, county government, the State level--coming together to  work with FEMA, coming together to work with religious organizations,  coming together to work with ordinary people to literally dig  themselves out of the mud and the rocks that were the consequence of  floods we had never seen before. I had to stand there almost like a  fool explaining that the Federal Government was shut down for politics,  and here we are again.   For 10 years, I have come to this floor and said over and over that  this place had become the land of flickering lights. The standard of  success was only whether we kept the lights on for one more day or one  more week. The standard of success had nothing to do with whether we  invested in the next generation of Americans and had nothing to do with  what America's place in the world was, and tonight, 18 days later, we  are shut down.   Just like in Minnesota and just like in New Hampshire, people in  Colorado are suffering as a result of this. This shutdown is inflicting  real harm on people who are Federal workers who can't pay their  mortgage, can't take care of their kids, can't hire a plumber.   We heard today that the EPA is only getting paid half of their  paycheck. You can't pay only half your mortgage. You can't go to the  grocery store and pay only half your bill. We have farmers and ranchers  all over the State of Colorado who can't get operating loans from the  FSA to buy seed or fertilizer.   We have had FEMA meetings canceled and critical projects delayed that  are vital to our rebuilding after the 2013 flood, the last time there  was a long shutdown like this. After a terrible fire year in Colorado,  the Forest Service can't move forward with new projects or reduce  wildfire risks in our communities.   Rocky Mountain National Park is closed. Why do people from Estes Park  have to bear the burden of the stupidity of this place--the inability  to govern like every other entity in America governs, where you could  never shut down your local government and you could never shut down  your school district? But for some reason, you can do it over politics.  In this case, why? It is over a mnemonic device that the Trump campaign  supplied to candidate Trump--the wall--and two things that weren't  true: one, that Mexico would pay for the wall. If he had fulfilled that  promise, we wouldn't be here because there wouldn't be a need for $5  billion because the Mexicans would pay for this wall. That is what he  said over and over. It was objectively not true, just as it is not true  that what is needed is the wall that he has proposed.   We had a bill here in 2013 that 68 Senators voted for. That bill had  $46 billion of border security in it, 350 miles of fencing on the  southern border, internal security, and fixed our visa system--far more  effective than the ineffective wall that the President is trying to  build now for $5 billion. He can't even spend the money that has  already been appropriated, and now he has shut the government down for  $5 billion to keep a campaign promise that is not true. It wasn't true  then, and it is not true now.   This is ridiculous. Last week, China marked the New Year by landing a  spacecraft on the dark side of the Moon. That has never happened before  in human history. Here in the United States, while they were  accomplishing that, we had a government shutdown. Close observers might  say--and they would be right--that NASA--which, by the way, is closed-- marked New Year's  [[Page S60]]  Day by successfully flying the New Horizons probe past an object 4  billion miles away. We should celebrate that achievement, but let's  also remember that mission was 18 years in the making because people  planned for the future. An American craft is literally on the outer  edge of human discovery, and last week we were shut down while the  Chinese landed their craft on the other side of the Moon. Because of  the fecklessness of people in this body, we can't even put an astronaut  into space now. We have to call up the Russians and ask them to put us  on a rocket to take us up there. Do you think our parents and  grandparents would have stood for that?   There was a unanimous vote in this Chamber, and it passed in the  other Chamber. We should reopen the government. This is doing too much  damage to the country, and the President should understand that part of  his job of being President is keeping the government open, not cheering  it when it is closed.   I yield the floor.   