 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to honor a member of my staff,  Seth Pringle, who has dedicated his life to serving his country and the  people of Ohio. Not only does Seth serve the people of Ohio each day on  our staff, helping Ohio servicemembers and veterans, but he also serves  in uniform himself as a member of the Army National Guard.   This past week was his last in our office for a year. He is heading  out soon to deploy with his unit to defend our country overseas.   Seth earned both a master's and a bachelor's degree from Kent State  University. He didn't stop there. He is currently pursuing a master's  in national security from the University of Akron while also working  for our State and serving his country.   Seth has worked in our office since 2015. He joined our team as an  intern in the Cleveland office. He impressed all of us. He was hired  first part time and then as a full-time staff member, serving as a  constituent advocate on veterans and military issues.   Seth has helped hundreds of Ohio servicemembers and veterans navigate  the military and the VA's bureaucracy so that they can receive the  medals and timely medical care and benefits they earn.   About a year and a half ago, I joined Seth and members in the  community in Cleveland to present long-overdue medals to George  Burress, a Vietnam veteran who served as an Army infantryman and earned  the Combat Infantryman Badge, as well as five other  [[Page S2953]]  well-deserved honors. Mr. Burress had never received those medals due  to a paperwork error. Because of Seth's work, we were finally able to  present this Ohio veteran with the honors he had earned for serving our  country.   There are so many stories like that one of American heroes finally  receiving the honors and the Federal benefits they have earned. So many  of those stories are because of Seth's hard work.   Seth Pringle does so much for the people of Ohio, and at the end of  the week, when others might look forward to a relaxing weekend with  friends and family, Seth often is headed out for drill with his unit.   Now Seth's unit is deploying. While we will miss his expertise, his  dedication, and his unique perspective in the office this year, we are  so grateful for his service to our country.   On behalf of everyone in my office and on behalf of Ohio's 12 million  citizens, we wish Seth Pringle well in his tour overseas--and all of  his unit, of course. We thank him for his sacrifice and his service.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   