 Mr. President, I come to the floor today as the 2020  Democratic Presidential candidates prepare to debate this evening. We  are sure to hear once again about their proposals for massive taxing  and spending. At the top of the list is their $34 trillion Medicare for  All, which is really a one-size-fits-all healthcare scheme for the  people of our country. Here is the key point. Democrats will  dramatically raise taxes on all Americans. One candidate plans to  increase taxes on working families by $26 trillion over the next year-- that is new taxes--new taxes--of $26 trillion. This candidate also  proposes an additional $2 trillion on top of the $26 trillion by hiring  an army of IRS agents to crack down on hard-working Americans who this  one candidate, as a Member of this body, says can actually pay more and  are not paying their full share. So Americans will pay $28 trillion  more in taxes over a decade. Do not be deceived. These taxes will hit  all Americans.    Democrats know they can't win this election on policy. Specifically,  they are dangerous Democratic socialist policies that they are going to  be promoting in the debate tonight. So what are they doing? Well, they  are counting on their totally partisan impeachment process. We have  been hearing all about it now for months--actually, for years.   Democrats have been obsessed with impeaching--impeaching--President  Trump since day one, the day he was elected. Then fast forward to his  inauguration in 2017. The campaign to impeach President Trump, starting  from the day he was elected, really took force the day he was sworn  into office.   Democrats want to overturn the last election, and they want to  interfere with the upcoming election. Election day 2020 is now less  than a year away. Still, Democrats' impeachment obsession continues to  burn on.   This is an unfair, bitterly partisan process. I will tell you, the  Americans I talk to at home in Wyoming see right through it. When I  talk to my colleagues around the country, their constituents at home  see right through it as well.   Recent polling shows that the public wants the voters--not House  Democrats and not Speaker Pelosi--to make  [[Page S6696]]  their own call on election day. The Democrats, meanwhile, seem to  prefer impeachment to doing the work of the American people--the work  all of us were elected to do.   Republicans prefer to work on the issues we were elected to address:  jobs, the economy, and our Nation's security. We are going to continue  to work for the people who elected us.   