 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to provide an  additional $10 million for the National Security Innovation Network, or  NSIN, which was originally called MD5.   Section 225 of the 2018 NDAA authorized the national security  innovation and entrepreneurial education programs, including what is  now known as NSIN. NSIN aims to educate and build a network of  innovators and entrepreneurs equipped with the expertise, know-how,  incentives, and resources required to develop, commercialize, and apply  technology for defense and national security applications.   NSIN initiatives provide education and technology innovation and  entrepreneurship. Of note, they provided a unique pathway for veterans  to leverage their expertise, while learning cutting-edge business  innovation methodology, and apply their knowledge to new national  security problems.   Through these initiatives, DOD is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs  that are adept at critical thinking, innovative problem solving, and  the creation of successful ventures that deliver economic national  security and social value.   One initiative in the National Security Innovation Network is the  highly successful Hacking for Defense course. Hacking for Defense, or  H4D, is a course currently taught at more than two dozen universities  across the Nation. It pairs student teams with sponsors from across the  defense and intelligence community to apply lean startup methodology  developed in Silicon Valley to rapidly solve challenging, nonclassified  national security problems.   H4D was authorized in the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act and  has been taught for 3 years, already producing innovative solutions to  national security problems. For example, a team at Columbia University  helped Special Operations Command automate communication of essential  information from the battlefield to Central Command; a Stanford team  helped develop an innovative way for Navy SEALs to spend less time  underwater.   These and other successful innovations have been developed by  students in these classes. The innovation and entrepreneurial education  that occurs with H4D also helps to train the next generation of our  industrial-based innovators. In this way, it provides tremendous  benefit to our national security.   Madam Chair, I have had discussions with Chairman Visclosky on this  amendment about the best way to move forward with this funding  increase, and I believe we have come to an agreement on the best way to  move forward to get an even bigger increase.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Visclosky), chairman of the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Visclosky for his work on  this appropriations bill and for working with me on this amendment.   America's strength and entrepreneurship and innovation, we need to  use those to protect our Nation in a rapidly evolving threat  environment and  [[Page H4717]]  maintaining our security. A small increase in investment in Hacking for  Defense helps us do this, while also training the next generation of  innovators who understand the need to contribute to our national  security.   Madam Chair, with the agreement of the chairman, I withdraw my  amendment.    Madam Chair, I thank the chair and ranking member for  including and supporting my amendment in this bloc, and I thank Mr.  Foster for his support.   The amendment redirects an additional $15 million to the Leadership  Computing Facility at Argonne National Lab. This facility will be home  to Aurora, the first exascale computer in the U.S., if not the world.   We are currently in a race with China to build the first computer  that can perform 1 billion billion operations per second. This will  enable advanced simulations, such as climate modeling. It will also aid  in the discovery of new therapeutic drugs and the development of new  materials for solar energy production, batteries, and other advanced  technologies.   It is an economic and national security imperative that the U.S.  maintains leadership in supercomputing by developing a well-supported  exascale computer, and this amendment will help do that.   Madam Chair, I thank the chair and ranking member for their support.   