 I want to join my friend Senator Casey today to talk about  the importance of Medicaid. I want to echo his comments and Senator  Wyden's comments, particularly given the attacks from the White House  and State legislatures and, frankly, too many in this body.   I am still incredulous when I think about what happened in this body  and has happened many times. In my State, 900,000 people have insurance  because of the Affordable Care Act. The expansion of Medicaid meant  hundreds of thousands of families can rest easier knowing they will  have health insurance when they need it.   I have sat in this body a number of times and watched my colleagues-- mostly on that said of the aisle, well-dressed, well-paid, health  insurance paid for by taxpayers--who are willing to cast a vote to take  insurance away from hundreds of thousands in their States. Again, these  are elected officials who have taken an oath of office, who have  insurance paid for by taxpayers, and they are willing to take insurance  away from others.   I will illustrate with one story. Fourteen people in Ohio die every  day from an overdose--more than any State in the country. I know it is  a serious problem in Montana and a serious problem all over the country  but more in Ohio than most places. Our State legislature wants to make  it harder for Ohioans to get that care and so does President Trump.  President Trump continues to try to take insurance away.   These aren't people sitting at home. Most of these people under  Medicaid expansion were workers making $10, $12, and $15 an hour,  working every bit as hard as Senators do, but they don't have jobs that  provide insurance so they depended on the expansion of Medicaid. These  are people working hard.   This President wants to take their insurance from them. Senator  McConnell, down the hall, wants to take their insurance from them. They  cast votes. This isn't hyperbole or me making this up.   Let me tell you a story real quick. One of the best treatment centers  in Ohio is called Talbert House. I was at Talbert House one day in  Cincinnati. I sat with a man and his daughter. He turned to me, put his  hand on his daughter's arm, and said: Without Medicaid, my daughter  would be dead. How dare Members of this body--elected officials who are  supposed to represent the public interest--take away insurance from  people like his daughter. Every day I just can't believe it.    Mr. President, there are a lots of things we know about  American workers today; that is, that workers understand that they are  working harder than ever and have less to show for it. Productivity is  up. Stock prices are soaring. Executive compensation has gone through  the roof. Profits are up, but wages are largely flat. It is not  [[Page S3355]]  a coincidence, not an accident of the market. It is not an inevitable  result of capitalism that compensation for executives just vaults  skyward, that profits are up, and that stock prices are up and wages  are flat. Capitalism doesn't have to be that way. It is just the way it  is now.   Wall Street's laser focus on accumulated wealth for people who  already have great wealth is by their explicit design. It comes at the  direct expense of American workers. That is why I am laying out the  case for how Wall Street undermines workers and some of the changes we  need to make in this country to grow our middle class and make hard  work pay off.   Each installment of this series, what we are calling ``Wall Street's  War on Workers,'' is posted on my media page. You can follow along at  www.medium.com/@SenatorBrown.   I have talked about how Wall Street's business model encourages  companies to pay workers low wages and to lay off workers. It is the  cost of doing business to minimize the expense of workers. Today I want  to talk about how corporations use stock buybacks to withhold profits  from workers who create them. The workers create this value, these  profits and, instead, Wall Street and these corporations keep more and  more profits for their CEOs and for Wall Street investors.   Corporations focus on the short-term performance on the stock market,  not the long-term success of their company and its workers. Their main  goal becomes increasing stock prices quarter-to-quarter. That is how  CEO's performances are evaluated. They are not thinking 10 years down  the road. They are certainly not thinking of their country or community  or even long-term of their company. They are thinking about stock  prices quarter-to-quarter. That is how their performance is evaluated.  They are compensated, in large part, with company shares.   Increasingly, corporations juice those stock prices by repurchasing  their own stock--what we call a stock buyback. Because there are a  finite number of company shares at any given time, purchasing shares  will decrease the number of shares available to investors and therefore  drive up the value of the remaining shares. Existing stockholders will  see their stock value increase. Lo and behold, who are those existing  shareholders? Many of them owning great numbers of shares are-- shocking--the executives of the companies.    They offer an even more attractive option to executives than  dividends because buybacks are more flexible, and they aren't taxed  until the shares are sold.   Stock buybacks have been a way for companies to return cash to  shareholders rather than investing in workers, rather than investing in  new products since at least the 1980s, but since the past decade or so,  the amount corporations are spending on buybacks has dramatically  increased. Between 2010 and 2017, corporations spent more than $3  trillion on stock buybacks. How much is that? Three trillion is 3,000  billion.   You all remember last year down this hall, as I pointed out before,  where Senator McConnell works, the majority leader's office, lobbyists  were going in and out of there writing the tax bill a year and a half  ago. We had that discussion a number of times. Last year, following  President Trump's tax giveaway to corporations, that tax bill that was  written down the hall in the leader's office, 75 percent of the  benefits of that tax bill went to the richest 1 percent.   Last year, following President Trump's tax giveaway to corporations,  companies spent $1.5 million every minute of every day on stock  buybacks. Since that bill passed--that giveaway to the richest people  in this country--companies have spent $1.5 million every minute of  every day on stock buybacks.   A couple of years ago, Home Depot spent 99 percent of its net-net  income on stock buybacks; IBM spent 92 percent. Think about that--99  percent and 92 percent of its income spent on stock buybacks. That is  not money going to a $14-an-hour worker at that company. That is not  money going to reinvest in equipment or building the company or  research. Ninety-nine cents on the dollar is going to stock buybacks to  enrich the biggest--not the small-time investors, to enrich the biggest  investors. Companies are spending close to 100 percent of their profits  on that--not on wages, not on other things.   Do you know what? When all this was going on back when this tax bill  was written--and I remember opening this door and pointing down the  hall to Senator McConnell's office--around that time, President Trump  invited some Senators of both parties to the White House. He promised  us that every American would get at least a $4,000 raise; some would  get a $9,000 raise. Do you know what happened? I know the President  figured out he wasn't really telling the truth. He was doing his  typical exaggeration.   When he said every American would get a $4,000 pay increase, at  least, that money didn't go to wage increases. In those two companies,  more than 90 percent of it went to stock buybacks. It went to increases  in salaries and wages but only to the top executives. Don't even try to  tell us that these tax cuts for the rich trickle down to middle-income  workers or trickle down to middle-income Americans. They simply don't.   Buybacks jumped even more after President Trump signed that bill.  More money was spent on stock buybacks in 2018 than on debt payment,  capital expenditures, research and development, on dividends.   Virtually almost every Republican voted for that tax bill. Don't try  to come here, my friends on the other side of the aisle, and say we are  going to vote for this huge tax cut for rich people--this bill written  down the hall in Senator McConnell's office--we are going to vote for a  bill to give big tax cuts to rich people, and that money is going to  work its way down to help the middle class. Don't even bother trying to  lie to us and tell us that. That never happens.   Proponents of stock buybacks argue that companies purchase their own  shares only after considering other value-creating investment options.  There is not a lot of consideration of other options when more than 90  cents on the dollar is spent on stock buybacks. They expect us to  believe America is truly out of ideas. Are all our factories as updated  as they can be? Are all workers earning a fair wage they can live on?  Of course not.   Talk to any family in Cleveland, where I live now; or Lorraine, where  I lived before; Mansfield, where I grew up; or Chillicothe; or  Marietta. Talk to anyone outside of Wall Street or the richest enclaves  of this country. Ask these families if they can think of a better  investment for the trillions of dollars in wealth American workers have  created.   It doesn't have to be this way. The Tax Code is one of the best tools  we have to influence businesses. Tax reform should have been an  opportunity for companies to encourage people to invest more in  workers.   When I went to the White House in that meeting with President Trump,  I gave him a couple of ideas. I actually handed him legislation. I  handed him the Patriot Corporation Act. Do you know what that bill  does? It doesn't just give tax breaks to the big corporate lobbyists  who come in and out of Senator McConnell's office. The Patriot  Corporation Act says that if your company pays good wages, if your  company provides decent benefits for health and retirement, if your  company makes your product in the United States of America, you get a  lower tax rate.   A comparable bill, the freeloader fee bill, says that if you, on the  other hand, are a company where a huge number of your workers receive  Medicaid because you don't provide health insurance, a huge number of  your workers get food stamps because you don't pay high enough wages,  and a huge number of your workers get section 8 housing tax credits,  you pay a corporate freeloader fee. That corporation is penalized.   If the company does the right thing, they should have a lower tax  break. If a company depends on American taxpayers to subsidize their  low-wage employees, that company should be penalized. It is as simple  as that.    The President said he liked these ideas, but then the special  interests came funneling into Senator McConnell's office, lining up out  in the hall as far as you can see. They were going  [[Page S3356]]  into the office petitioning, asking, begging, pleading for the majority  leader to take care of them, and he did.   If we started corporate tax reform with the Patriot Corporation Act,  we would have seen rising wages. Instead, we see exploding stock  buybacks. Again, we know why. Depending on the size of the companies,  stocks can account for as much as half of an executive's compensation.  An executives' personal interest influences decision making.   One study of 2,500 companies found that the greater the percentage  stock options in executive compensation packages, the more likely a  company was to do stock buybacks. No kidding. If I am a CEO, and I see  that my compensation depends on stock buybacks, I am going to maybe  cash in and do stock buybacks. That is at least what we have seen.   We shouldn't be surprised that when the President and Leader  McConnell handed them a windfall, those executives turned around,  plowed their money right back into stock buybacks and into their own  pockets.   A good example of that is really close to home for me. It is what  happened to General Motors. General Motors pays almost no taxes anyway.  It is a profitable corporation. Ten years ago, in this Senate, I was  proud of what I did. I worked with Senator Voinovich, Republican from  Ohio; I worked with President Bush, the second; and worked with  President Obama in saving those two plant companies, Chrysler and GM.  It meant that a lot of Ohioans and a lot of people around the country  continued to have decent jobs.   What happened 10 years later? They closed their plants. They do major  stock buybacks. The executives get richer, and because of this Trump  tax law, more production goes to Mexico.   How do we stop this never-ending cycle of corporate greed and make  sure the workers share the profits they created? It may not seem like  it, but there are already regulations in place to prevent stock price  manipulation.   The problem is, the SEC rule put in place in 1982 has big loopholes.  We need to strengthen the SEC rules to ban buybacks and provide more  transparency.   Some have suggested we ban buybacks altogether. That might sound  good, but it will not do anything to put that money in the pockets of  workers where it belongs. The goal is not to tax the rich. The goal is  to quit giving them tax breaks, and the goal is to plow money into the  middle class, to help American workers get their fair share, to help  American workers share in the wealth they create for corporate America.   My proposal is simple. If corporations want to transfer wealth to  Wall Street, workers simply get a proportionate share of the pie. For  every $1 million passed on to shareholders in the form of stock  buybacks or dividends, corporations will have to pass on $1 to every  worker in that company. I am calling it a worker dividend, and all  public corporations would be required to pay it.   I will be introducing legislation to strengthen SEC rules and to  establish the worker dividend in the coming weeks. It simply comes back  to the dignity of work. We should honor work. We should respect work.  It means better wages. It means retirement benefits. It means  healthcare. It means more control over your work schedule. It means a  safe workplace. It means childcare. It means all the values that we  appreciate as Americans. With the dignity of work and respecting and  honoring work, we would see a worker dividend.   Wall Street so often doesn't recognize that all work has dignity.  Whether you swipe a badge or punch a clock, whether you work for tips,  whether you work on salary, whether you are caring for an aging parent,  whether you are raising your children, all work has dignity. Dr. King  said there is no job that is menial if it has adequate compensation.   Wall Street considers shareholders' equity in a company to be all  that matters. Workers have equity in a company too. It is called sweat  equity. For the first time in years in this country, it is time that  workers are rewarded for their work.   I yield the floor.   