 Mr. President, the Senate often does things by  unanimous consent in areas in which there is really no common  disagreement. This body will do a unanimous consent to congratulate the  New England Patriots for winning the Super Bowl, and, unanimously, all  of us will agree to congratulate them. Yet, today, the Senator from  Nebraska brought up a very straightforward, simple bill: Do we as a  nation permit infanticide?   For some reason, the New England Patriots is noncontroversial, but  the death of children at their deliveries is controversial enough that  my Democratic colleagues are blocking it. It is not some fancy, formal  bill with a trick piece in it; it is a very simple, straightforward  bill. Occasionally, an abortion is botched, and while they are actually  trying to take the life of a child, the child is actually delivered. At  that moment, the child is delivered and is on the table, crying, and  the question is, Now what do we do?   Current medical practice is to back away from the child and allow him  to die slowly on the table because there was supposed to have been an  abortion, although the child was fully delivered and was on the table,  with the umbilical cord attached, crying. It doesn't seem like this  should be controversial; it seems like this should be as  straightforward as congratulating the Patriots for winning the Super  Bowl. How can we as Americans say no to a fully delivered child's life?  [[Page S839]]    The question about abortion has been historically a question about,  when does life begin? I am one of those crazy radicals who actually  believe in science. I think, when cell division is occurring and when  DNA is there that is different from the mom's and different from the  dad's, that it is actually a different human being--a smaller human  being but a different human being. That is what everyone in science  believes. That child who is developing is alive. The day of his birth  is just another day. Now, it is a pretty traumatic day for him to  transition from being inside the womb to the outside, but birth is just  another day of life for that child because he is fully developed. He  was developing in the womb, and he is developing outside the womb.  Every single person who can hear this has had the exact same experience  of developing in the womb.   This seemed like a commonsense issue until the legislators in the  State of New York, a few weeks ago, stood and cheered and applauded  when they passed a bill for third-trimester abortions. These are ultra- late-term abortions. This is a fully viable child abortion.   Let me review quickly what the State of New York did. There are only  four countries in the world that allow late-term abortions. There are  only four left--North Korea, China, Vietnam, and the United States.  Those in the New York Legislature stood and cheered that they are in  the middle of the human rights-depraved nations of China, North Korea,  and Vietnam. That is at 24 weeks and on. At 20 weeks, there is still  Canada and the Netherlands and Singapore that are left, but by 24  weeks, at that late-term, Canada, the Netherlands, and Singapore drop  off. They say: No, we are out. That is a fully viable child. Yet those  in the New York Legislature stood and applauded.   It got one-upped in Virginia last week as the Governor of Virginia  explained Virginia's late-term abortion bill as one-upping New York's.  He said, in Virginia's bill, in his words, this is how it would work.  If children have deformities, however that is defined, or for the  mental or physical health, however they want to define that because  there was no definition, they would deliver the child, make him  comfortable, resuscitate the child if the mother wants, and then would  discuss what to do with the child.   It is not enough for the State of New York to applaud late-term  abortions and join North Korea, China, and Vietnam as the only places  on Earth to allow this. No. The Virginia Democrats had to go one more  and say: Let's deliver the children and then discuss it based on their  deformities.   Back to the Super Bowl conversation, one of the most popular  commercials in the Super Bowl was for a gaming system that showed kids  with disabilities who played a video game just like other kids, except  now they want to decide at those children's births whether to just take  their lives then. How in the world can we as a culture run a television  commercial and say: That kid is just like that kid. Look, they play  games just alike. But when they are little, let's deliver them and  discuss it and figure out what we want to do.   This is infanticide. This is not about pro-life and pro-choice; this  is pro-humanity. To get to the point at which we are discussing whether  children live or die based on what they look like at birth and then, if  they don't quite look right, we will take those lives is inhumane and  is beneath us as a society. I cannot fathom the discussion that we are  having on the floor of the U.S. Senate as to whether a fully delivered  child lives or dies or discuss what happens during a botched abortion  when a child is fully delivered. It used to be that my Democratic  colleagues said life begins at birth. Now, apparently, it is not at  birth anymore; it is unknown when life actually begins because it is a  discussion we are going to have at their births now.   How can we block this bill? How can this, of all things, not bring  unanimous consent? It is inhumane.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   