 Madam President, I call up the Lankford amendment No.  158 and ask that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, I want to express my strong concern  about various countries and a lot of places in the world potentially  implementing discriminatory tax laws. These laws that they are thinking  about target U.S.-based multinational companies operating particularly  in the high-tech or the digital industry.   Let me be clear right from the outset. These countries--mostly in  Europe--should immediately cease any unilateral actions that target  U.S.-based multinationals. Instead, these countries should focus their  energy and their efforts on the multilateral solutions that are being  developed by the global community operating as the OECD.   I will provide a bit of background for those who haven't been  following this issue closely.   Recently, the European Commission proposed a 3-percent digital  services tax on the revenues of multinational companies that provide  certain digital services to users based in Europe. The tax would not be  on profits but, instead, on revenues. By its design, this proposal  would specifically target U.S.-based multinational companies.   Implementing such a discriminatory proposal would have required the  unanimous approval of the European Union member states. Fortunately,  for American companies, the European Union did not go ahead with that  proposal.    However, some of the European Union nations see a large pot of money  that they can extract from U.S.-based multinationals. They are  currently taking unilateral steps to implement new digital taxes that  are the same as or are similar to those proposed by the European  Commission that the European Commission has decided not to move forward  with. To be clear, these types of taxes are discriminatory. They target  U.S.-based multinationals. They will likely result in double taxation,  and they will create a new transatlantic trade barrier. These effects  will then come just as we head into negotiations for a new trade  agreement with the European Union. This is the exact opposite direction  in which our transatlantic trading relationship should be going.   Last October, then-Finance Committee Chairman Hatch and Ranking  Member Wyden sent a letter to the Presidents of the European Council  and the European Commission. Hatch and Wyden expressed strong concerns  about these indefinite and discriminatory digital services taxes  targeting U.S.-based multinational companies. The Senators called on  the European Union to abandon the proposal and for member states to  delay implementing any similar type of digital services tax. Instead,  the Senators argued that the EU member states should refocus their  efforts on reaching consensus on a multilateral solution at the OECD.   I happen to concur with the sentiments of those Senators and echo the  concerns that Hatch and Wyden raised in that letter. In fact, I  reinforced those concerns in a letter with Ranking Member Wyden that we  sent to Treasury Secretary Mnuchin just last week. We encouraged the  U.S. Treasury Department to stay closely engaged with the OECD and the  negotiations that are going on in that organization. Wyden and I also  urged the U.S. Treasury Department to encourage its counterparts at the  OECD to abandon any unilateral action and to work together on a  consensus solution.   OECD members, for years, have recognized tax challenges surrounding  the so-called digitalization of the economy. The issues played a  significant role in the OECD's tax base erosion and profit-shifting  project, and that happened several years ago. It was also prominent in  the 2018 interim report on the tax challenges of the digitalization of  the broader economy. Just last week, the OECD released a document that  outlined at a very high level the timeline for the multilateral  consideration of the issues and potential paths forward regarding the  tax challenges arising from digitalization.   I look forward to the Treasury Department's participation in this  very important negotiation. It would probably be doing it anyway, but  we want to reinforce, as members and leaders of the Finance Committee,  our interest in the Treasury Department's not letting that slip.   I also encourage nations around the world to participate and allow  this process to play out. The alternative is not acceptable because it  is discriminatory unilateral action, double taxation, and has  potentially negative trade implications. The results are no good  outcomes for countries that impose the taxes and no good outcomes for  companies that are the subjects of the taxes--mainly this country, the  United States.   In our letter last week, Ranking Member Wyden and I encouraged  Treasury Department officials and their counterparts to reach a  consensus on a measured and comprehensive approach to this issue. We  also asked the Treasury Department to keep us informed of the solutions  that are being developed and of the progress being made at the OECD.  Since he is tasked with leading our trade negotiations with the  European Union, we also shared this letter with Ambassador Robert  Lighthizer.   Given that the Finance Committee has jurisdiction over tax and trade  matters, my colleagues and I will have views on the position taken by  the United States in the OECD negotiations. We all want to see a good  outcome for both the U.S.-based multinational companies and for the tax  base of the United States. We must avoid international tax chaos where  significant double taxation is the norm. This is in the interest of the  United States. I hope other countries around the world will reach the  conclusion that it is in their interests as well.   Other countries should not view the participation of the United  States in this OECD exercise simply as academic or a delay tactic. On  the contrary, the United States has shown that it takes action on  multilateral initiatives. Limitations on interest deductibility and  anti-hybrid rules are just a few examples of the items enacted into  U.S. tax law, and the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue  Service took regulatory action on various other initiatives.   I think it is worth reiterating that I am invested in this process  and in reaching a viable, long-term, multilateral solution. I look  forward to staying in close contact with the Treasury Department as the  negotiations progress. I also intend to bring up in the Finance  Committee issues related to this OECD negotiation and the Treasury  Department's positions. If appropriate, we will look into legislative  or other actions to address solutions reached at the OECD as well as  unilateral actions that are taken by other countries.   I yield the floor.   