 Madam President, the Republican leader in recent days  has charged that because the House of Representatives is now engaged in  its constitutional duty to examine Presidential wrongdoing, that  somehow Democrats are not interested in legislating.   It is a curious criticism coming from Leader McConnell, Democrats not  interested in legislating, from the man who proudly calls himself the  ``grim reaper.'' Since the midterms, the Democratic House majority has  passed hundreds of bills with bipartisan support while Leader McConnell  has deliberately focused the Senate on anything but legislation. He has  turned this Chamber into a legislative graveyard.   Democrats want to vote on things. Gun safety, how about it?  Healthcare, how about it? Infrastructure, how about it? Improving our  democracy. On none of these things will Leader McConnell even dare put  a bill on the floor, let alone the House bills, which would have a  chance of getting something done.   This very week, we have an example of how Democrats plan to work with  our Republican colleagues to advance legislation. The Republican leader  has indicated, finally, alas, that he may bring several appropriations  bills to the floor this week. Democrats want to move forward and debate  those bills in an open and vigorous fashion.   There are several appropriations bills that don't have any bipartisan  support. The Republican leader knows why. We need to have bipartisan  support on the 302(b)s, the allocations to the various agencies, to  move forward on bills like Homeland Security and Health and Human  Services, Military Construction, and Defense. That negotiation, to  succeed, must be bipartisan. That is what the history of this Chamber  shows. That is what commonsense and logic shows. House leaders have  suggested a conference--Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate--on  these 302(b)s. That is a good idea. If Republicans are willing to  engage with us on 302(b)s, we get negotiations back on track to fund  the government.   In the meantime, Democrats want to move forward on the  noncontroversial appropriation bills--the bills that have had  bipartisan agreement--and we hope Leader McConnell will allow a fair  and robust amendment process. It would be nice to consider something on  the floor besides an endless parade of rightwing judges--who side with  a special powerful interest, time and time again, not working  Americans--and Executive appointments.    Madam President, I am rising once again to ask the  Senate's consent to move to the H.J. Res. 77 condemning the President's  abrupt decision to withdraw U.S. troops from northern Syria.   Despite the Pandora's box of problems the President's decision has  opened, the slaughter of our partners, the Kurds--and I think many of  us on both sides of the aisle ache for the Kurds who risked their  lives. Many of them lost their lives so our soldiers would not be in  harm's way.   With the strategic gains of our adversaries in Tehran, Moscow, and  Damascus and, most troubling, the potential resurgence of ISIS, the  President has failed to articulate any strategy at all. We have asked  to have Secretary Pompeo, Secretary Esper, and Director Haspel come  before us. They have canceled again today because they don't have a  plan.   Now, this is America at risk. We in New York know better than anybody  else how a small group of people thousands of miles away--evil people-- can  [[Page S5946]]  cause terrorism and hurt us. There is no strategy about what to do with  the tens of thousands of ISIS prisoners and their fellow travelers who  had been locked up and guarded by the Kurds.   No one believes--and I have talked to the top military intelligence  people--that either Syria or Turkey has the interest in preventing ISIS  from escaping that we do. Erdogan, in fact, hates the Kurds far more  than he hates ISIS.   So every day this lack of policy and this lack of common sense from  the President and this White House puts American lives in danger. What  is the best way to get the President to act? Well, my friends, you know  it. It is you. When Republican Senators protest what the President has  done, he sometimes acts. Witness Doral. I guarantee you my speeches had  very little effect on him, but yours did. Well, this is far more  important than Doral. This is America, and lives are at stake. Our  battle against terrorism, to be fought jointly most of the time, is now  being jeopardized. Frankly, when Leader McCarthy and Representative  Scalise and Representative Cheney can vote for this kind of resolution,  why should we not be doing the same? It will send a better message to  the President than anything else we can do.   My friend, the Republican leader, said we need a stronger resolution.  Quibbling over words at a time when America is in danger doesn't make  sense to me--particularly a resolution that he knows will not pass the  House and not go to the President's desk.   So I would plead with my colleagues, let's move forward. I plead with  my friend from Kentucky--they are both my friends from Kentucky--but I  plead with the junior Senator from Kentucky, do not stand in the way.   He has a different world view than almost all of us. We talked  earlier this morning. I asked him if he was against going after the  Taliban and bin Laden when they hit us in America, in New York, and he  said no. Well, this is the same kind of thing. We are happy to vote on  his resolution. Let's vote on both. This is momentous.   These terrorist acts from escaped ISIS prisoners might not occur  tomorrow, they might not occur 6 months from now, and they might not  occur a year from now, but they may. They certainly--almost certainly  will at some point in the future, and we will risk lives: the American  lives of our intelligence officials, of our Special Forces, and we will  risk the security of America and spend millions of dollars.   The sooner we can put this back--and the only person who can is  President Trump, and the only people who can really pressure him are  sitting right here. I would plead with my colleague from Kentucky and  with all of us because even if he objects, we could pass this joint  resolution within a few days to do it. Our security, the security of  this wonderful country and its beautiful 320-some-odd million people  deserve no less.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No.  246, H.J. Res. 77; that the joint resolution be read a third time, and  the Senate vote on passage with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I don't want to prolong this. I will  make two quick points. No. 1, my friend from Kentucky thinks he knows  what is better for the Kurds than the Kurds know. The Kurds hate going  into the arms of Syria--hate it.   Second, if our friend from Kentucky believes that any time we have a  small number of Special Forces in different places--and we have them  all over--we need a declaration of war, then his view is different from  99.9 percent of America and every other single person in this Chamber.   We do not need a declaration of war for a small number of Special  Forces to be there to protect us against terrorism, and my friend from  Kentucky knows that.   I yield the floor.   