 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come before the Senate today to  recognize a historic milestone in the Colorado agricultural community.  The Colorado farm bureau is celebrating 100 years of representing  farmers, ranchers, rural communities, and every aspect of agriculture  in Colorado.   I grew up in the Eastern Plains, the very heart of agriculture. In  fact, the county I grew up in is one of the largest corn-producing  counties in the country and, certainly, economically speaking, one of  the top agricultural communities in the State.   Our livelihood, our neighbors--everything--depend on agriculture. In  fact, when there is a downturn in agriculture, it is not just the next  day that our community feels that. It is that next hour that the  community feels the impact. It is the same with a good agriculture  economy. It is not just tomorrow that we will feel the impact, but  immediately we will feel the impact.   I grew up working in a family farm equipment dealership where you got  to  [[Page S6914]]  know everybody in the community, not because of the kind of operation  they had but because of the kind of person they were, the kind of  relationships you built, and then, of course, the opportunities to do  business in those communities.   There are ebbs and flows, good times and bad times, times of  prosperity and times of difficult predicaments in rural America, in  agriculture. In the 1980s, I grew up watching one of the hardest times  agriculture faced--watching a number of banks face foreclosures, a  number of farmers face foreclosures. I watched as people I knew my  whole life sold their farms, gave up farming, and closed their  businesses.   It wasn't that long ago--in fact, just a few years ago--that we saw  some of the highest priced commodities this country had ever seen for a  very long time. The golden years of agriculture occurred just a couple  of years ago because of all-time high prices. That is not the situation  we are facing today.   Once you have worked in the agriculture industry, I think you develop  a very deep understanding and appreciation for the men and women who  have our farmers' backs through the good times and the bad times, like  the Colorado Farm Bureau. The Farm Bureau plays a vital role in the  wellbeing of all aspects of agriculture. It gives rural communities a  prominent voice when the government is debating policies that impact  their farms, their finances, and their families.   The Colorado Farm Bureau began in 1919, when a group of farmers,  ranchers, veterinarians, rural doctors, shopkeepers, and tradesmen in  10 local counties met to form what was termed a ``Farm Bureau.'' Their  goal was to make the business of farming more profitable and the  community a better place to live. The organization struggled through  the years and almost died out in the 1930s.   In the late 1930s and early 1940s, a group of people across Colorado  organized to breathe new life into that Farm Bureau in Colorado. Ezra  Alishouse, C.J. Phillips, Arthur Andersen, and others sold memberships  to rebuild the organization.   As a group of farmers naturally would, the Farm Bureau persisted and  grew. They grew the Farm Bureau to become the largest farm organization  in the State of Colorado and expanded the support they provided to ag  communities throughout the State.   In the 1940s, farmers and ranchers were having a difficult time  insuring their operations. So the Colorado Farm Bureau created a farm  insurance casualty company. They began offering farm insurance in 1948.  Later in the 1950s, they began offering life insurance for those in the  agriculture community.   Today, the Colorado Farm Bureau represents 23,000 member families, 45  local county Farm Bureaus, and is one of the largest farmer-led  organizations in the State of Colorado. The Colorado Farm Bureau has a  simple mission: to promote and protect the future of agriculture and  rural values.   They show people the agriculture industry up close, why it is  important to all of us, and the success of our rural communities.   The Farm Bureau offers leadership training for young professionals,  scholarships, college programs, health and safety trainings, helpful  resources to farmers, and support when it is needed the most. Through  the Colorado Farm Bureau Foundation, the Farm Bureau has raised  hundreds of thousands of dollars to support victims of natural  disasters in Colorado, whether that is a drought or whether that is  severe blizzards.   They represent, improve, and promote all aspects of agriculture in  Colorado and have helped to develop the industry into the economic  powerhouse it is and one of the strongest drivers of Colorado's  economy.   Every year I have been honored to join the Colorado Farm Bureau and  have the Colorado Farm Bureau join me on our annual farm tour. That is  a tradition I first started when I came to the House of  Representatives. Every fall we would go to the Eastern Plains of  Colorado and the Western Slope of Colorado and talk to everyone from  peach growers in Palisade to corn growers in Kiowa and beyond, and we  had opportunities to learn how we can help every nook and cranny of the  State when it comes to agriculture.   This year, we have traveled to 15 different counties across Colorado,  visiting family farms, ranches, and agricultural businesses. We held  roundtables with locally elected officials. We went to a wind farm and  talked about the impact that renewable energy is having in positive  aspects for our farmers and ranchers.   This farm tour wouldn't be possible without the Farm Bureau and the  others who helped put it together and make sure we see these important  issues that we are facing. In the past, we have turned to them for  their expertise in policy, their insights, experience, and their  partnerships as we champion efforts that will help and benefit rural  Colorado. They have been a great partner in providing agricultural  producers with the resources and certainty they need to protect private  property rights, to protect our waterways, to ensure that farmers are  treated fairly in the Tax Code, and, recently, in helping to relocate  the headquarters of the Bureau of Land Management to Grand Junction.   The Farm Bureau is a regular presence in Washington. I think all of  us know that. Colorado Farm Bureau members have played an important  role in developing policy. They are not afraid to get their hands dirty  and of the hard work it takes to get good legislation passed.   The Colorado Farm Bureau takes on difficult issues and has a real  impact on people's lives. Their dedicated work and their willingness to  take on difficult issues has also earned them national recognition. In  2005, the Colorado Farm Bureau was recognized by the Department of the  Interior in Washington for their work at the Colorado Department of  Natural Resources to protect the mountain plover.   This created a win-win partnership that the government and the  private sector could work in together to preemptively protect the  species without listing it on the Endangered Species Act.   The Colorado Farm Bureau was instrumental in opening up 300,000 acres  of land for data collection and research on the mountain plover's  nesting and population status. Through that effort, they were able to  avoid listing, develop better management practices, and help to grow  the mountain plover population.   I look forward to continuing to hear from Colorado Farm Bureau  members and farmers and ranchers across our State, as this Chamber-- this body--debates new trade opportunities, new agricultural policies,  and anything that could impact farmers back home.   Their contributions will be especially valuable as we continue to  open up new markets for Colorado producers, invest in rural  communities, and manage our public lands.   Last month, the Senate passed a resolution I introduced with my  colleague, Senator Bennet, celebrating this historic 100th anniversary,  recognizing all of the Colorado Farm Bureau's past, present, and future  efforts to promote and advocate farm and ranch interests.   I ask my colleagues in the Senate to join me today in celebrating the  Colorado Farm Bureaus's rich history and contributions to the ag  industry, not just in Colorado but across the United States.  Congratulations to the Colorado Farm Bureau for your 100 years of being  a strong voice for farmers, ranchers, and our rural communities in the  ``Centennial State'' and for all your work to protect the Colorado way  of life. I look forward to continuing our work together with the Farm  Bureau in seeing what we can accomplish for the next 100 years of  agriculture in Colorado.   I yield the floor.   