 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 24, the Government  Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019.   This bill is a promise to our dedicated civil servants, both those  forced to the sidelines and those still hard at work without pay.   When the House Democrats stop using Federal employees' livelihoods as  a political football to fund the government, including border security,  paychecks will be issued.   Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: We get  it. You don't like the President. You made your point. It is now time  to stop messing around.    We need to fund the government so we can make good on the promise in  this bill. And let's be clear: This bill does not stop the immediate  pain of missed paychecks. Under S. 24, Federal employees still do not  get paid until the funding bills are passed and the government is  reopened.   Federal employees will still struggle to find ways to put food on the  table and make ends meet until the House Democrats agree to negotiate  in good faith.   This bill also does not reimburse taxpayers for all the missed  government services like our national parks and the Indian Health  Service.   Every day this shutdown continues, taxpayers are on the hook for  paying Federal employees for jobs they are legally barred from doing.  Every day this shutdown continues, Border Patrol agents and other  Federal employees are forced to work without pay.   And every day this shutdown continues, many Members of Congress are  still getting paid. I have instructed the administrative officials with  the House to withhold my pay until the partial shutdown ends and until  Border Patrol agents and other Federal employees are paid.   Members of Congress should not get paid when portions of the Federal  Government are shut down.   There are other pieces of legislation that would pay Federal  employees who are working during this partial shutdown, and there are  others that would hold Congress accountable for not doing its job.   I will support the Government Employee Fair Treatment Act, but I urge  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: End the games. Get back  to work. Let's get the job done.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   