 Mr. Chair, I also rise to commemorate the incredible  life and career of John Dingell, the former dean of this House.   Few individuals have amassed a record of public service that could  rival John's, and I will bet no one will ever match it--59 years as an  elected Representative.   In fact, his interest in politics began during his time as a  congressional page, where he personally witnessed FDR's ``a day that  will live in infamy'' speech from this very podium.   Take one moment to think of the life that this man has witnessed on  this floor.   John taught us that public service is not a sprint, but a marathon.  There are many lessons in his life that we can learn from, but I hope  we take that lesson every day when we come to work here.   Another lesson I hope we learn is the one how I first met John. He  was an icon before I got here. But I watched the respect, not from his  own colleagues in his own party, but the respect from across the aisle.   They went to John for advice. When he walked on the floor, there were  many on our side who stood around him to question him where he thought  we could go.   He believed in this House; he believed in this country.   He had great passions: passion for his constituents; passion for his  committee, Energy and Commerce. He loved that committee so much, he  thought there needed to be no other committee in this House. It wasn't  until his retirement that we got jurisdiction back in other places.    But he understood an ever-changing world, if you can only imagine  serving that long. He was able to adapt, which we should learn from  him, too.   Yes, the new world of social media many would think would pass him by  because of his age. He was one of the first I would follow on Twitter.   And this is a lesson that this House, in a bipartisan manner, should  take. It is one of my favorite tweets from John. It came in July of  2017. He wrote: ``I've been trying to repeal and replace the United  States Senate since 1955. No luck.''   Yes, we are sad today, but he lived a life we could admire. I may  have differences of opinion and philosophy with him, but I admired his  will to fight for what he believed in. I admired the way he treated  people who had different beliefs, and I admired the way he believed all  sides should be heard.   I speak for everyone on this side of the aisle to convey our deepest  sympathies, and to Debbie, and I ask that we lift him up in our prayers  to God for his soul to rest peacefully, and to remember what he truly  believed: public service matters; this country matters; and the ability  to work together so all Americans will have a better tomorrow matters.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for the promotion.   