 Madam President, 5 years ago, I, along with 46 of my  fellow Senators, released a letter to Iran's Ayatollah letting him know  that any nuclear deal he reached with President Obama wouldn't be worth  the paper it was printed on unless it was ratified as a treaty by two- thirds of the U.S. Senate. We wrote: ``The next president could revoke  such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future  Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time.''   A lot of people were upset by this letter, but I don't really know  why. All it did was state a straightforward lesson on American civics-- something any ninth grader who has read our Constitution should know.  Yet the Ayatollah agreed to a deal with President Obama that was not,  in fact, approved by two-thirds of the Senate. In fact, it was almost  rejected by three-fifths of the Senate. Just as we cautioned, not 3  years later, a new President did, in fact, revoke that deal with the  stroke of a pen.   Today is the 1-year anniversary of America's withdrawal from the Iran  nuclear deal, and a lot has happened since then.   Just this morning, Iran threatened to renew its rush to the bomb,  stockpiling more uranium and producing more heavy water--even  threatening to enrich nuclear fuels to dangerous levels in the months  ahead if the civilized world does not cave to its demands.   We know better than to cave in to the ayatollahs. The United States  will remain steadfast in our maximum pressure campaign against Iran  until that regime abandons its nuclear and missile program and its  support for terrorism. I welcome the news that the President is  announcing new sanctions on Iran's mining industry as well.   As for our European allies and partners and members of the business  community abroad, I hope Iran's threats will serve as a needed wake-up  call. Any attempt to invest in Iran's market under any circumstances  other than Iran's complete and verifiable cessation of its full range  of malign activities will be fraught with huge legal and financial  risks--huge risks. Businesses shouldn't put themselves in that  compromising position, and European partners shouldn't give in to  Iran's high-stakes nuclear blackmail.   Of course, today's announcement is just the latest dangerous  provocation by the Iranian regime. In the past year, Iran and its well- armed proxies have continued their killing spree across the Middle  East--the same spree they were on before and during the Iran nuclear  deal. This time, the United States has stood up to Iran rather than  rewarding its evil deeds.   We designated the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps for what it is--a  foreign terrorist organization--for plotting attacks around the world  and arming groups like Hezbollah, Hamas, and Palestinian Islamic Jihad,  the very same groups that slaughtered innocent civilians in Israel just  last weekend with no regard for the lives they purportedly represent in  Gaza.   We reimposed sanctions on Iran that were waived by President Obama.  We have also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights,  affirming a close ally's right to defend itself against Iranian-backed  aggression. These are good things. Iran is a weaker adversary today  than it was a year ago when it was flush with bribe money from its  nuclear deal with the Obama administration.   Not everyone sees it that way. At least six Democratic Presidential  candidates have talked about reentering this outdated obsolete nuclear  deal with Iran. They would give the ayatollahs and his armies sanctions  relief yet again at a time when Iran's economy is on the mat, not just  in recession but in borderline depression. If we were to give them  sanctions relief, we know what they would do with that money. We have  seen this movie before. They would use it to build ballistic missiles,  to kill and maim innocent civilians, and to fuel chaos in Iraq, Syria,  Yemen, and further abroad.   A return to the Iran deal would be a disastrous decision, but more  importantly, such a decision would be every bit as reversible as the  first. When are these people going to learn? Everybody ought to keep in  mind this simple fact, whether you are a politician making promises or  on the campaign trail or a business leader considering major  investments in Iran.   To make it abundantly clear, on the 1-year anniversary of our  withdrawal from that horrific, terrible nuclear deal, I have a gift for  them all. It is the first anniversary. So it is a paper gift. I have  introduced a resolution with my colleagues that reaffirms the policy of  the United States to never, never allow Iran to acquire nuclear  weapons. Furthermore, the resolution reaffirms that sanctions can only  come off of Iran once it meets the basic conditions approved by  Congress under existing law. Among other things, that law requires that  Iran must stop supporting terrorism and dismantle its ballistic missile  program before sanctions can be waived. They can't simply be waived by  a President using his so-called pen and phone.   I hope this resolution clears up any confusion about where the United  States stands with respect to Iran and for anyone considering investing  in the Iranian market. America will continue to apply maximum pressure  against the ayatollahs' regime so long as they continue their campaign  of terror and violence against the United States and our allies  throughout the Middle East, and we will continue to assist those allies  as they fight against Iranian-backed aggression.   To the Ayatollah and all of the rulers of Iran: Happy anniversary.   I yield the floor.   