 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Arkansas for his  work and also my other colleagues, those who have already spoken and  the good Senator from Montana, who is going to speak right after. This  really has been a bipartisan effort to make a difference, and I  appreciate all my colleagues who are here today and who have done so  much to advance this work, as well as the Senator from Kansas, who I  believe will be speaking here in just a minute.   I join my colleagues today to discuss our Nation's effort to battle  the opioid abuse epidemic that has taken far too many lives and has  affected communities both large and small. Our first responders, law  enforcement officers, healthcare professionals, and medical facilities  are fighting this crisis on the frontlines. That is why we worked to  advance a comprehensive approach that assists these key players and  empowers States and localities to combat this public health emergency.   Last year, Congress passed and the President signed into law  bipartisan legislation--the SUPPORT Act--to help families and  communities impacted by addiction. This law supports  [[Page S6279]]  prevention, treatment, recovery, and law enforcement efforts.   Additionally, the SUPPORT Act contains language that I was able to  cosponsor to prevent the sale and shipment of illicit and dangerous  drugs. This aligns with the goals of my Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety  Act, which closes a loophole that has enabled bad actors to circumvent  the law to distribute synthetic variations of drugs, like the powerful  drug fentanyl, by labeling the products as ``not for human  consumption.'' While these variations are technically different, they  hold the same dangerous risks as the original drug.   The law also includes the Synthetic Tracking and Overdose Prevention  Act, or STOP Act--another measure I cosponsored that requires shipments  from foreign countries sent through the U.S. Postal Service to provide  electronic data. This enables CBP to better target illegal substances  like fentanyl and prevent them from being shipped into our country from  places like China and other countries.   These measures are important steps in keeping deadly drugs like  fentanyl out of our communities; nevertheless, there is more to do, and  we continue working to combat the opioid abuse epidemic from all sides.  Just this week, I co-led a letter with Senator Shaheen encouraging the  FAA to work with airlines to get opioid overdose reversal drugs like  Naloxone included in the airlines' emergency medical kits.   As chairman of the Senate Ag-FDA Appropriations Subcommittee, I  worked to secure $20 million in our fiscal 2020 funding legislation to  support telemedicine grants that will help rural communities to combat  opioid abuse as well.   Additionally, as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I  have supported the good work of Senator Blunt, the chair of the Labor- HHS-Education Appropriations Subcommittee, to provide strong support  for opioid abuse prevention, treatment, and recovery initiatives  through the Department of Health and Human Services. The Labor-HHS- Education bill provides $3.9 billion for such efforts, including $800  million for the National Institutes of Health to develop pain  management alternatives to opioids, as well as to study opioid  addiction, and $200 million to support the great work done by our  community health centers, to enable them to expand prevention and  treatment services and provide access to opioid overdose-reversal  drugs.   Also, these bills include language I helped author that places a  focus on addressing the challenges facing rural communities struggling  with this ongoing crisis. The bill gives States greater flexibility in  how they can use opioid abuse funds, including allowing some resources  to be used to address stimulants like meth, which remains a substance  of high concern in many of our rural States, including my own.    We need to move forward with the Labor-HHS appropriations bill and  the other full-year funding bills, including the Defense appropriations  bill, which I believe we will be voting on this week, because they are  vital to our national security and provide certainty for our military  and our servicemembers.   Passing these full-year appropriations bills will ensure that we fund  important priorities, from national security to vital support for our  ag producers, to combatting the opioid abuse epidemic we are talking  about here today.   We worked hard to pass the SUPPORT Act to provide our healthcare  providers, first responders, and law enforcement with the tools to  prevent drug abuse, treat those suffering from addiction, and assist  those in recovery.   While progress is being made, we need to continue working together to  advance full-year funding bills to keep moving the ball forward in the  fight against opioid abuse. We can combat the epidemic, stem its tide,  and save lives.   I again want to commend my colleagues and will defer to my colleagues  from Montana and Kansas.   I yield the floor.   