 Madam Chair, I have an amendment on the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to support the Consumers  First Act and my amendment that would provide transparency in the  number of fair lending cases that are opened and closed by the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau.   This Bureau was created under Dodd-Frank to provide consumer  protection from unfair lending practices. These individuals include our  Nation's veterans, students, those who have mortgages, and individuals  with auto loans, which is very prevalent.   Since the creation of the CFPB, it has helped over 31 million harmed  consumers with over $12 billion in relief. That is pretty substantial.   In addition, the CFPB has received and taken action on nearly 1  million complaints.   Today, the CFPB's ability to continue protecting our Nation's  borrowers has been severely limited by the Trump administration. The  administration has weakened the supervision and enforcement of fair  lending, blocked payday loan cases, dismantled protections for  servicemembers, and has reduced transparency and accountability.   The Consumers First Act fights back.   The bill, along with the amendment, specifically requires  transparency in fair lending investigations, requires interagency  cooperation, and demands diversity and inclusion efforts.   My home State of Florida has one of the highest rates of consumer  complaints in the Nation. Some of it might be due to the elderly  population that we have or the high number of just regular citizens who  need protection.   What would these consumers do without the CFPB? What would be their  recourse for Federal action?   Madam Chair, it is time that we put consumers first. I urge my  colleagues to support my amendment and to support the underlying bill.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, how many minutes do I have  remaining?    Madam Chair, I would say to the distinguished  member from North Carolina, who I have enjoyed working with, during my  tenure in Florida, especially in the Florida legislature, one of the  biggest complaints was for protection for the consumers.   I spent my career there fighting on their behalf, for the voiceless  who did not have a voice, and I continue with this fight here, because  I know the importance of it.   Madam Chair, I can tell the gentleman, if I walked out of here today  and just walked down the street and asked an average person what was  more important to them, they would say the consumer protection that  they feel that they don't really have.   This is the most important legislation that I have seen since I have  been in Congress, because it goes straight to the people who need it  the most, our veterans, our students, regular consumers, just the  average people.   Big banks and institutions have a lot of protection, but the average  person does not have this protection.   Madam Chair, I can guarantee my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, if they vote for this protection, it will be in the same vein of  when our great President Lincoln said that: ``The world will little  note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what  they did here.''   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   