 The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).     The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    Madam President, December 22 will mark an anniversary, the  second anniversary of the signing of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Tax  reform was a big priority for Republicans. We wanted to help American  families by reducing their tax burden and spurring the kind of economic  growth that would result in better jobs and better wages.   At the end of 2017, we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We cut tax  rates for American families, doubled the child tax credit, and nearly  doubled the standard deduction. We lowered tax rates across the board  for owners of small and medium-sized businesses, farms and ranches. We  expanded business owners' ability to recover the cost of investments  made in their businesses, which frees up cash they can reinvest into  operations and their workers, and we lowered our Nation's massive  corporate tax rate, which up until January 1 of 2018 was the highest  corporate tax rate in the developed world,  [[Page S7077]]  and we brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century  so American businesses are not operating at a competitive disadvantage  next to their foreign counterparts.   Over the last 2 years, tax reform has done exactly what we intended.  It has allowed American families to keep more of their hard-earned  money, and it has helped spur wage growth and increase the availability  of good jobs for American workers.   For 2018, the average family of four with an income of $75,000 saw a  tax cut of more than $2,000. On top of that, company after company  responded to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act by issuing bonuses, improving  benefits, or increasing wages. At least 100 utility companies around  the country announced plans to cut utility rates for consumers.   Then, of course, there is the economic growth that the law has  spurred. A whopping 266,000 jobs were created in November, smashing  expectations and bringing the average monthly job creation for 2019 to  a strong 180,000 jobs per month. Job creation since President Trump was  elected has exceeded the Congressional Budget Office's 2016 preelection  prediction by more than 5 million jobs. The unemployment rate is at a  50-year low and has been at or below 4 percent for an incredible 21  straight months. The year 2019 has also seen record-low unemployment  rates for African Americans, Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans,  Americans with a disability, Americans without a high school diploma,  and veterans. For 20 straight months, there have been more jobs  available than Americans looking for work.   Meanwhile, wages for American workers are growing steadily. Wage  growth has been at or above 3 percent for 16 straight months. Before  the start of this streak, the last time wage growth had reached 3  percent was more than a decade ago. Income inequality has declined. The  poverty rate has fallen to a 17-year low. The list goes on.   Those are a lot of numbers and percentages, but they all boil down to  one thing, and that is that American families are doing better. Thanks  to Republican economic policies, fewer Americans are having to choose  between a car repair and a doctor's bill. More Americans are able to  put away money each month for their retirement or their children's  education. There are more good jobs available for Americans looking for  work.   Of course, there is still more work to be done. Our farm economy, for  example, is not doing as well as the economy as a whole. Passing  policies that will bring relief to our farmers and ranchers and expand  markets for their products is a priority of mine.   But 2 years on from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we can celebrate the  fact that millions of American families are bringing home more money in  their paychecks and have access to better jobs and better  opportunities. Preserving and building on those accomplishments is a  Republican priority.   Unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues are more likely to suggest  tax hikes than preserving the tax cuts that have brought so much  economic progress over the past couple of years. Democrats opposed the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, despite the fact that many of the ideas included  were the product of both Republican and Democratic proposals. They  objected to it, and they fought it because they were determined not to  work with this President.   Two years on, Democrats would still like to pretend the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act didn't help American families, despite the reams of statistics  on the economic progress we have made and the fact that an estimated 90  percent of middle-class families received a tax cut. After all, if  Democrats acknowledged that tax cuts have made life better for  families, it would be even harder for them to defend the massive  middle-class hikes that would be needed to fund their socialist  proposals like Medicare for All and the Green New Deal. It is  unfortunate the Democrats are so opposed to policies that have made  life better for millions of Americans.   I am proud of all we have achieved for American families with the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act. I will continue to work with my colleagues to keep  our economy growing and to expand opportunities for Americans even  further.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the senior  Senator from South Dakota and junior Senator from Tennessee be  authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions during  today's session of the Senate.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   