 Madam Chairwoman, I thank the gentleman for the time.   Madam Chair, the package before us represents the misguided partisan  nature of this majority infecting everything Congress touches. This  package highlights the real lost opportunities before us because of the  majority's insistence on impeachment all the time.  [[Page H9972]]    The Democrats have rallied and promised real sweeping policies to  create jobs, address our trade challenges, tackle our national energy  needs, and fight wildfires. Yet, they have been so consumed with  attacking our President and impeachment that they have nothing to show  for it.   So to save face, Speaker Pelosi loaded up her giant jumbo jet, wasted  taxpayer dollars gallivanting around Spain to simply talk about climate  change. This coming week, she has scheduled a series of bills on the  House floor in the name of ``combating climate change'' that are  actually retreads of programs that are already authorized and actions  that are already being taken by the Federal Government.   H.R. 729 is clear proof that the Democrats have no agenda and have no  plan other than to impeach President Trump. Most of the bills included  in this package before us today duplicate existing authority that the  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, already has  under the Coastal Zone Management Act, CZMA. Also, under Tribal CZMA,  living shoreline and climate change, NOAA and U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service have for fishery research and management, like the Great Lakes  fishery, or NOAA has for Digital Coast data platforms. This package  represents deeply misguided priorities based off misguided efforts.   Now, let's start with the premise that we need to designate a city, a  noncoastal city, as a participating member of the Coastal Zone  Management Act. Why would we declare the District of Columbia a  ``coastal city'' and give them veto power over Federal actions  affecting its coastal zone, once it develops an approved coastal zone  management program? Political partisan power.   What does this threaten?   What happens when the District of Columbia expresses concerns with  the impacts of expanded Federal operations at Naval Station Norfolk?  What happens when the Federal Government wants to expand the Wilson  Bridge and I-495? Does D.C. get veto authority? This bill could grant  them that authority.   Next, let's be clear, the loan guarantee program under the Working  Waterfront program will simply put the American taxpayer on the hook  for local defaults with little or no adequate oversight.   While the National Sea Grant Program is popular among coastal  members, this bill establishes a mandatory fellowship program that  provides free graduate students to staff, and, yes, Democratic  congressional offices, at taxpayer expense.   Finally, according to the Congressional Budget Office, CBO, the  cumulative cost of this package to the American taxpayers would be  upwards of $1.4 billion over the authorized periods, with the potential  for an additional cost of $292 million outside of the authorized  windows. Yet, here we are with massive new authorizations in the bill  package that are unnecessary, and like all things in this Congress, are  much higher than current levels of spending.   The agencies responsible for carrying out most of this legislation  stated that it can do, and is doing, most of these functions under  current law.   So why are we here? To create giant authorization slush funds that  future Democratic Congresses working with future Democratic Presidents  will have available to funnel money to their schemes to combat climate  change. We should reject this package before us. We should pass the  USMCA. We should focus on infrastructure permitting and reforming the  way we approve major projects in this country to create jobs and move  America forward.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   