 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma and the  gentleman from New York for yielding time, and I respect the amount of  work they have put into this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise, without surprise to anyone in this room, in  opposition to the legislation.   I keep hearing this phrase: ``this bill provides.'' I keep hearing my  colleagues saying this. But this bill doesn't provide anything. The  American people provide. This bill borrows, and it borrows at a time  when we can't afford to borrow more.   Our Nation is $23 trillion in debt, now racking up more than $100  million of debt per hour.   We haven't figured it all out yet, but it appears this bill spends  $50 billion more than 2019 spending levels. Don't worry, everybody will  go back home and campaign on a balanced budget amendment that has no  prayer of passage.   This bill is filled with massive policy changes that we should debate  and vote on individually.   It has a bailout for Big Insurance cloaked as tax relief.   It embraces the very partial ObamaCare repeal that Republicans have  argued props up ObamaCare, yet they now embrace.   The bill changes the tobacco age nationwide, turning federalism on  its head, with nary a whimper from Republicans who like to talk about  the 10th Amendment in speeches back home.   The bill extends the big giveaway to huge corporations like Boeing in  the form of Ex-Im for 7 years.   The bill funds bureaucrats who wish to target your Second Amendment  rights.   It funds abortion through ObamaCare plans.   The biggest problem is, we haven't read the bill.   Days like today, everyone declares bipartisanship. But in this  version of bipartisanship, it is the bipartisan smell of Christmas jet  fumes and everyone's desire to get home fueling the worst kind of  bipartisanship, the kind that says: ``To heck with it, keep spending  money we don't have and leave it to our kids and grandkids to clean  up.''   No one has read the bill. It is a massive, unreadable, 2,313-page  bill filled with government-expanded goodies and spending, and it was  dropped on us yesterday afternoon at 4:30 p.m. My staff got their first  look at 4:30.   The bill is a blatant violation of the House's 72-hour rule, a pretty  weak rule requiring that we have at least 72 hours to review  legislation--everyone back home is saying, ``Are you kidding me?''--in  this case, 2,300 pages.    Seventy-five years ago this week, American forces were under  siege from 200,000 German soldiers, over 1,000 panzers, as Hitler  mounted a counteroffensive in the middle of the freezing-cold winter at  Christmas. Our boys, no doubt, wanted to get home.   Yet, this Congress surrenders. It surrenders to the swamp, mortgaging  the future, the very future those men fought for.   The President, last spring, about a massive omnibus, said: ``I will  never sign another bill like this again. I'm not going to do it again.  Nobody read it. It's only hours old. Some people don't even know what  is in it.'' It was $1.3 trillion, the second largest ever.   Mr. President, I look forward to your veto.   