 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my  colleagues to defeat the previous question so the House may consider  election security legislation that actually has a chance at becoming  law.   As I explained last night during debate of H.R. 2722 at the Rules  Committee, there is no place for partisanship when it comes to securing  our elections.   H.R. 2722, the SAFE Act, is simply another partisan bill by the  majority aimed at federally mandating election standards; like  mandating that States exclusively use paper ballots, effectively  banning any type of direct recording electronic voting machines which  have been proven safe and efficient.   Madam Speaker, keep this in mind; that if this legislation passes, if  one of our local election officials had just worked to spend hundreds  of thousands of dollars purchasing new, digital electronic machines  with a paper backup, those machines and that investment of their hard- earned tax dollars would be obsolete in the year 2022, 3 years from  now. That is not right.   Mandating the exclusive use of paper ballots will create longer lines  at polling places, and can be lost, destroyed, or manipulated far  easier than electronic voting machines with a paper trail backup.   I want to highlight the fact that there is no evidence of voting  machines being hacked in 2016, 2018, or ever. So why are we forcing  States to get rid of what they have deemed as safe technology?   We should work together to safeguard technology. Safeguard technology  not abandon it. We don't know in this institution what technology is  going to look like when it comes to voting machines in the next five to  10 years. Why are we requiring a certain type of ballot process that is  only going to be processed by five companies that maybe produce it  today? That is not what we should be doing here in Washington.   Additionally, the SAFE Act federally mandates han recounts, which  will result in drawn-out elections that will become unnecessarily  expensive.    The majority's bill also contains irresponsible funding commitments.  The funding of elections is the primary responsibility of our States.  Democrats are committing $1.3 billion over 10 years, with zero funding  match requirements from States.   Congress has a responsibility to be good stewards of taxpayer  dollars. Funds should be given based on need, not a guess of what might  be needed a decade down the road.   I want the record to be clear. Many of the provisions in the SAFE Act  are inconsistent with what we have heard from experts in election  administration. But the majority is ignoring their requests.   As my colleagues across the aisle know, I believe there are areas on  election security where Republicans and Democrats can find and have  found common ground. There is a role for Congress in election security,  which is why, me and my fellow members on the House Administration  Committee, introduced H.R. 3412, the Election Security Assistance Act.  [[Page H5095]]    I want to thank my colleagues on the committee, Mark Walker and Barry  Loudermilk, for joining me in this effort, and the others who have  cosponsored it since its introduction. This realistic legislation  provides $380 million in Federal grants to States to update their aging  and at-risk election infrastructure, while requiring a 25 percent match  from States.   If it is good for transportation projects; if it is good for DHS  projects, DOJ projects, USDA projects, why don't we have locals and  States have some skin in the game?   In addition, our bill creates the first-ever Election Cyber  Assistance Unit. It is aimed at connecting State and local election  officials with leading election administration and cybersecurity  experts from across the Nation.   Our bill empowers State officials by providing security clearances to  election officials to better facilitate the sharing of information and  requiring the Department of Homeland Security to notify State election  officials of cyberattacks and any foreign threats within the State.  Keep in mind, the majority bill does not address this.   If DHS hacked a local election official's election system, if they  saw a hack in, let's say, central Nevada, DHS would not be able to  notify your local election official because he or she may not have  security clearance. The majority bill doesn't address this. Our bill  does.   To sum it up, our solution provides much-needed election security  improvements and reinforcements for local election officials without  overstepping the State's authority to maintain their elections. The  Election Security Assistance Act, our bill, is the only proposal being  discussed today that has a realistic chance of becoming law.   If the previous question is defeated, it will be the first step in  putting forth election security legislation that has a chance of  helping States improve their security ahead of the 2020 election.   I thank Ranking Member Cole for giving me the opportunity to speak on  behalf of this important issue.    Madam Speaker, I am always glad to be  here with my good friend from the House Administration Committee, the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin). And he was right in committee  during the markup of this bill that was posted late last week, and we  marked it up earlier this week after the rules notice was already  posted. It just shows you how rushed this process is.   The gentleman erroneously, and I know, because I had made a quick  joke about it afterwards, mentioned we ought to have a mandated  republican government or something like that. I said, ``You know what?  That is one mandate I can be for in our State and local authorities,''  but I knew what he was talking about.   He knows what he is talking about when it comes to what we all have  the same interest in doing, and that is protecting our election  security.   My colleague mentioned about standing together. Well, we were trying  to stand together, Madam Speaker. We were working in a bipartisan way  to put together a bipartisan election security bill, and the Democrat  majority walked away. They forced this vote.   These are areas that we can come together and find common ground.   I have been asked, what did the Republicans do when we were in the  majority? Well, we not only did $300 million in election security  upgrades and cybersecurity protections, we did $380 million. And what  was great was we were working over the last 2 years with DHS officials  and our local election officials to ensure that 2018 did not suffer the  same consequences as 2016. And it worked, even in an extensively high  midterm turnout.   Then they said, well, what else did you do over the 2 years? Well,  you know what we did? We waited for the $35-million Mueller report to  come out and tell us what else we could do.   Now we are here today. We are here today to ensure that we put  together an election security bill, not one that the Democrats want,  not one that is going to be a top-down approach. It is not what our  local secretaries of state want, it is not what our local election  officials want, and they are on the ground. Let's listen to them, but  let's make sure that we don't take away our ability to address  cybersecurity concerns.    It has been mentioned that the Russians  used social media to strike at our election process in this country.  That is true. This bill does nothing to address that problem. The  majority's bill does absolutely nothing to address this problem. That  is something that we still need to take care of in Congress.   Let's not confuse the issue, and let's not listen to the 30,000-foot  rhetoric that somehow one party over the other is more defensive or  wants to be more offensive against nefarious actors. We are all  Americans. We are all elected to serve this great country and this  great institution.   None of us, Republicans or Democrats, want anyone to attack this  country, let alone attack our election process, but the answer to  making sure that our elections are safe are in our bill, the previous  question.   We are the ones who ensure that DHS can talk to local election  officials. Their bill does not do that.   We are the ones that make sure that we create a cybersecurity unit  and the ability to address ongoing threats. Their bill does not do  that.   That is why I would urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question.  Let's come back to the table. Let's get something done.   