 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the rule.   I would just note for the Record that Mr. DeSaulnier and Chairman  McGovern deserve great credit because this is basically an open rule.  There were eight amendments which were offered to the Rules Committee,  and all eight amendments were made in order, including a Republican  amendment, which is somewhat in line with Dr. Burgess' comments from  Mr. Byrne from Alabama, who is on the committee.   Again, I would just say this shows that the Rules Committee was  serious last January when they said we are going to have a new era of  bringing down the number of closed rules as much as possible. This is a  perfect example of it.   In fact, Politico this morning wrote a story saying that this is  actually the first bill to come to the floor that was a completely open  rule that accepted every amendment that was offered by Members. I don't  know if that is true, but certainly it is true that all amendments were  made in order with the rule that is presented. I guess sometimes you  sort of wonder: When do people take ``yes'' for an answer in this  Chamber?   Again, Mr. Byrne can have ample opportunity to make his arguments. I  look forward to opposing it on the floor as I did in committee. And  again, to me, it seems like a rule that all Members should really  support.   So again, just to begin with Mr. DeSaulnier's description of the  problem--and, again, Dr. Burgess certainly did not quibble about the  fact that this is a real problem that we are talking about. In 2013,  former Congressman George Miller and I asked GAO to look at this  problem. They took 3 years to study it. They used Bureau of Labor  statistics, Justice Department statistics, they did surveys, and they  found, in fact, that we have a really very scary problem in terms of  the 15 million healthcare workers who go to work every single day: They  are five times more likely to be the victims of intentional assault  than any other sector in the U.S. economy.    And what is most alarming is the trajectory is going up. This is not  a problem which is sort of level normal operations. It is something  that is actually getting worse.   There is no secret why it is getting worse. The heroin-opioid  epidemic and the behavioral health problems that exist out there in  society make every ambulance call that EMTs are going out for an  overdose, every emergency room patient who is coming through the door,  every rehab patient who is going into a facility for treatment, all of  these now are high-risk situations.   And, yes, there are some hospitals that have taken proactive steps.  They have used the OSHA voluntary guidelines; they have looked at the  Joint Commission on Hospitals, which has endorsed those guidelines and  has, again, written strong advocacy in favor of having a national  standard for this problem out there for many workers. And that is why  we need to act.   Again, just so we are clear, OSHA, in 2017, as the Obama  administration was leaving, put it on their regulatory agenda. They  took too long.    Madam Speaker, I would be happy to stipulate they took  too long.   Since the Trump administration has taken over, in 34 months, they  have not held one hearing in terms of stakeholder input. Yes, they  scheduled two small business reg review hearings, canceled both, and  they have not rescheduled. So, 34 months into this administration,  there is nothing happening.   This bill, fundamentally, is about Congress, as it did with  bloodborne pathogens, which addressed a crisis in hospitals back in the  1990s and early 2000s--which a Republican Congress, by the way,  supported--put a deadline on OSHA to get a rule in place. We are a  safer country because Congress took that action. That is what this bill  does.   It is 42 months, by the way, in terms of the deadline for the rule  and it is 1 year for the interim rule.   We accommodated Republican objections in the committee, made sure  everybody gets a comment period on the interim rule, and we also carved  out doctors offices, dentists offices, anybody who is not part of the  healthcare facility. We shrunk the scope of this bill to healthcare  facilities 200,000, which is going to reduce the mandate.    Madam Speaker, the cost per facility, which Dr. Burgess  referred to, which was reduced because of the reducing of the scope of  the bill, is $9,000 per facility per year.   So when we talk about the healthcare sector and how much money gets  spent in it, how many patients come through the door--and these are not  the small independent practice doctors offices. These are healthcare  facilities. The fact of the matter is it is $9,000 a year for 2 years,  then it goes down to $3,000 a year in terms of cost and expense.   What is the benefit? Lower workers' comp cost, less absenteeism, and  trying to improve the morale of the people who are doing the right  thing in this country in terms of providing care for those who need to  be healed, consoled, and cured.   We need to pass this bill.   Again, we made Mr. Byrne's amendment in order, but we need to reject  that amendment which throws it back to OSHA, whose batting average is  really a disgrace in terms of getting rules through the process.   