 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my  bipartisan amendment in both the House and Senate to the National  Defense Authorization Act, a necessary leap forward in combating the  opioid crisis by cracking down on illegal fentanyl from China, Mexico,  and other countries.   I would like to acknowledge and thank the cosponsors of this  amendment, my colleagues French Hill, Anthony Brindisi, Brian  Fitzpatrick,   David Trone, and Conor Lamb.   This amendment will place sanctions on drug manufacturers that  knowingly provide fentanyl to traffickers, on transnational criminal  organizations that mix fentanyl with other drugs and traffic them into  the U.S., as well as financial institutions that assist these  traffickers.   Critically, my amendment also authorizes new funding to U.S. law  enforcement and intelligence agencies to go after fentanyl traffickers  while establishing a commission on fentanyl and opioid trafficking to  ensure that we make progress here.   Kids are dying in my district, in Staten Island, south Brooklyn, and  New York City, and they are dying around the country because of deadly  fentanyl.   We know where it is coming from. It is about time that Congress does  something about it. The days when a person or a company could find safe  harbor in another country, flood our streets with drugs, and face no  consequences have to be over.   Madam Chair, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of  this amendment. We have to get this done.    Madam Chair, I want to thank my good friend,  Congresswoman Lee, for introducing this amendment and, just as  importantly, for her, as our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  noted, consistency and leadership on this issue for the last 18 years.   Madam Chair, it will be 18 years this coming September. Men and women  will enlist in the United States military who were not born on 9/11.  They are enlisting in the United States military, and they will likely  go to fight in a war in Afghanistan that is currently being fought  based off an authorization that was signed before they were born.   In the last 18 years, three different Presidents from both parties-- yes, this is a Democratic and a Republican problem--have conducted  countless military operations in 19 different countries against groups  entirely unrelated to those who attacked our country.   I don't want to hear that we don't understand. I fought in  Afghanistan. I am a New Yorker. I was in New York City on 9/11. We  understand the severity of this problem. We understand that, in the  immediate aftermath of 9/11, we had to kill those people who had killed  innocent people in this country. But that is not what this is about  today, and we refuse to make that the focus of this discussion.   This is about Congress doing its job. This is about the fact that we  are still waging war, and 80 percent of this institution has never  voted to declare war.   This is about the fact that, right now, we are unwilling to enact a  piece of legislation that requires Congress to do its job in 8 months.   So I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we accept  your invitation.    We accept your invitation, and we would love to  work out a way for Congress to----   