 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next, when it shall  convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative  business.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana, the  Republican whip, for yielding.   On Monday, there will be no votes expected in the House.   On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning-hour debate  and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed until 6:30  p.m.   On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for  morning-hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   We will consider several bills under suspension of the rules. A  complete list of suspension bills will be made available by the close  of business today.   The House will also consider H.R. 312, the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe  Reservation Reaffirmation Act. That will be considered under a rule.   In addition, the House will consider H.R. 987, the Strengthening  Health Care and Lowering Prescription Drug Costs Act. This legislation  is composed of seven bills that would protect and expand affordable  healthcare and lower prescription drug costs. The legislation consists  of separate bills from the Energy and Commerce Committee to ban junk  health plans, bring generic prescription drugs to market more quickly,  provide funding for States to establish State-based marketplaces under  the Affordable Care Act, require and provide funding for outreach and  enrollment, and fund the navigator program that assists Americans  during the open enrollment period.   All of these bills will be directed at trying to reverse some of the  steps that have been taken to undermine Americans' access to  affordable, quality healthcare.   Lastly, Madam Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 5, the Equality  Act. LGBT Americans and their families deserve to be protected against  all forms of discrimination no matter where they live. This legislation  would ban discrimination against LGBT people in housing, employment,  education, jury service, credit and financing, and public  accommodations.     Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The good news is, we just passed a bipartisan bill with 34 Members  from my friend's side voting in favor of that bill to give very, very  substantial relief and an additional $3 billion to take care of the  storms and natural disasters that have occurred since we passed a bill  to the Senate many, many weeks ago that, unfortunately, was not dealt  with by the Senate, largely because there was a reluctance to help the  Americans who happened to live in Puerto Rico to the extent that we are  helping other people around the country as we should.   I agree with the gentleman. We had a bipartisan bill today. I am  hopeful that we can have a bipartisan bill moving forward.   As my friend knows, the amendment that was offered, the MTR that was  offered, was offered to an object in the bill where there had been  already a substantial increase, with apparently the argument being made  on the floor that that money was going to be taken from the place to  which we appropriated it to another area to which it was not  appropriated.   We had that somewhat, I want to say, confrontation with the President  on doing exactly that, taking money from MILCON and wanting to put it  in a wall.   Very frankly, there was the opportunity to do that in the  subcommittee and in the committee. In fact, as the gentleman knows,  many of his colleagues who serve on that committee voted against  funding the level of Head Start that they wanted to make a $2.8 billion  increase to.   That aside, I will tell the gentleman that, clearly, we want to make  sure that we handle people at the border in a humanitarian way that is  consistent with the American way.   It is ironic, I will tell my friend, as you heard in the debate, that  today is the 1-year anniversary when we started a policy of taking  children from their parents at the border, separating them. Some of  those children to this day have not been reunited with their parents.  We are very concerned about that.   One of the things that I know the gentleman knows is that when we  opened government--the government was shut down when we took over--we  included a little over $500 million for humanitarian expenditures for  people at the border so we could treat them fairly. I think, frankly,  that money has not all been spent at this point in time.   We do know there is a challenge for us at the border, with the  numbers of people who are seeking asylum and seeking refuge. We are  certainly, as the gentleman suggested, going to work on trying to  respond to that in a bipartisan, effective way.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   He had a lot of facts and assertions in his comments. First of all,  let me correct: He adopted the President's number. The President's  number was wrong. It bore no relationship to reality. He picked it out  of the air. Numerous fact-checkers have indicated that.   The facts are that $42 billion has, in fact, been allocated, $20.3  obligated, and $12.7 outlaid. So, clearly, there are funds that have  been allocated, but not the $90 billion to which the gentleman  referred.   Having said that, obviously, what held it up in the Senate was the  argument over Puerto Rico. I mean, that is why we have been put to the  process of passing another bill.   The good news in that delay is, we did take care of the Midwest. We  put $3 billion in there for disasters that occurred subsequent to the  first emergency disaster relief bill that we passed. And, as I said, we  included $500 million when we opened up the government for humanitarian  relief.   We included another half a billion dollars for judges because there  are, as the gentleman knows, legitimate seekers of asylum who are  fearful of their own lives, the lives of their families  [[Page H3717]]  are in danger, and they are coming here.   The gentleman well knows there are some people in the White House who  want to see the numbers of immigrants to America almost eliminated, so  that there is some discussion and disagreement in the White House. I  don't know exactly where the President stands on that, but he certainly  has been hostile to immigration.   So, I take the gentleman at his belief, but we have not necessarily  seen that from the White House.   Having said that, we will work--because we believe, as he does, that  people who come to the United States need to be treated, for whatever  reason they come to the United States, in a way consistent with our  American values, in a humanitarian way.   And it is--I will repeat--ironic that we are debating this issue on  the year's anniversary of children being taken from the arms of their  mothers and fathers and sent hundreds of miles and, in some cases,  thousands of miles away, and still have some of them who have not been  reunited with their parents.   I am glad that there is concern about humanitarian treatment now.  That is appropriate. I share the gentleman's view on that. Hopefully,  we can reach bipartisan agreement in the very near term.   As the gentleman knows, the President's request was just sent down  last week. As the gentleman further knows, we have appropriated money  to certain objects. And we had a confrontation on that, and both the  House and the Senate thought the President was taking money and  applying it to an object which we had not authorized.   Then the Congress stood up for itself, in a bipartisan way, in the  Senate and in the House.   Unfortunately, the President vetoed that bill, and he is spending  money that was not authorized by the Congress of the United States.   We are having a number of challenges to the underpinning of our  democratic system and the authority of the Congress of the United  States versus the exercise of authoritarian power by the President of  the United States, and I would hope the gentleman would share that  view.   But, having said all that, we clearly want to get to the same  objective, and I am sure the Senate--and I know, as I have just talked  to Mrs. Lowey--they are going to review the request, as Ms. DeLauro  said on the floor, see what the money is going to be spent for, make  sure that it is, in fact, going to be spent for humanitarian relief at  the border.   We are very concerned about that and, I think, rightfully so. That is  what it is projected to be, and we want to make sure that that is what  it is.   So, we will proceed, hopefully, in a bipartisan way and, hopefully,  with relative speed.   But I hope the Senate, Madam Speaker, will take up this relief bill  and pass it forthwith so that the folks who have been so damaged by  natural disasters will get some relief and will understand that their  Federal Government cares about them and is going to give them  the relief they need.    I hope that we can move that as quickly as possible.   