 Madam President, I rise to speak today about  the things Congress is failing to accomplish while Democrats in the  House continue their obsession with impeaching this President to  overturn the results of the 2016 election. Let's be clear. That is what  is happening here. Democrats lost the election in 2016 and realized  they are going to lose again in 2020. They are trying to use the  impeachment process to hurt the President.   That is shameful enough, but let's think about what Congress is not  doing. Congress is not passing a budget. Congress is not funding our  military. Congress is not securing our border. Congress is not lowering  the cost of prescription drugs. Congress is not doing the things the  American people sent us to Washington to do.   I won't accept that. I have a background in business, and in the real  world, if you don't do your job, you don't get paid. It is that simple.  If Congress can't accomplish even the most basic tasks--passing a  budget and appropriations bills in an orderly fashion--lawmakers  shouldn't get a paycheck, period.   The current system is broken. No one takes responsibility, and there  are no consequences. That should change. That is why we need to pass my  No Budget, No Pay proposal now. Withholding paychecks from Members of  Congress who fail to pass the budget will help prevent government  shutdowns, which hurt the economy and millions of everyday Americans.  It is also an important step to promote fiscal responsibility in the  face of our staggering national debt, which stands at over $23  trillion.   No Budget, No Pay is moving through Congress with bipartisan support.  It was approved by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs Committee in June, and it is included as part of the Prevent  Government Shutdowns Act. We need to pass No Budget, No Pay now to show  we are serious about the future of this Nation.   Members of Congress make $174,000 a year. All we are asking them to  do is the most basic function of government--pass the budget. It is not  complicated. If you are a Member of Congress, rich or poor, and you  don't believe Congress can or should pass a budget every year, then go  home. There are lots of other competent people who can have your job.  When the American people don't do their job, there are consequences.   It is time we make Washington just a little bit more like the real  world, so I ask all my colleagues to join with me to pass No Budget, No  Pay.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   