 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for his  leadership on this issue and for working with me to ensure this bill  passed out of committee on a bipartisan basis. I also thank the  gentleman from Florida for his support on this bill.   Madam Speaker, it is an honor to rise today to ask my colleagues for  their support on my bill, H.R. 2943, the Providing Benefits Information  in Spanish and Tagalog for Veterans and Families Act.   So many veterans have come from Puerto Rico, as well as the  Philippines. The VA actually does have a hospital both in Puerto Rico  and in the Philippines. This legislation would direct the VA Secretary  to make all Department of Veterans Affairs fact sheets available in  English, Spanish, and Tagalog.   According to the U.S. Census, as of July 1, 2017, the U.S. Hispanic  population is approximately 59 million people, making up 18 percent of  the Nation's total population, making people of Hispanic origin the  Nation's largest ethnic or racial minority. The U.S. Census has also  reported that Filipino Americans make up the third-largest AAPI  subgroup, with an estimated 4 million people living in the United  States.   With those changing demographics trending toward a more racially and  ethnically diverse majority, the veteran population is diversifying at  similar rates. The share of veterans who are Hispanic is expected to  nearly double.    During my time in service, many of my proud brothers and sisters in  arms were of Filipino descent.   With Spanish and Tagalog as the first language of an increasing  number of veterans and their families, and our significant strategic  national security footprint in Puerto Rico and the Philippines, it is  important that fact sheets offered by the VA are made available to  everyone.   This bill would serve as an initial step in ensuring veterans and  their families with limited English proficiency have full access and  information on VA services, without burden or barriers.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of my bill  to ensure we do not overlook veterans and their families who may need  these important fact sheets.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, and I  again want to thank the gentleman from Florida for his support on this  bill as well.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Takano and Ranking Member Roe  of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee for working with me to ensure  my bill passed out of committee on a bipartisan basis.   Today, I rise to ask my colleagues for their support on my bill, H.R.  2942, the Helping Expand and Launch Transitional Health for Women  Veterans Act, introduced with my colleague and fellow veteran,  Congresswoman Chrissy Houlahan.   As a Navy veteran, one of my top priorities is ensuring that active  servicemembers transitioning into the civilian world are connected to  the VA system and provided the best education and tools needed to  succeed.   Despite being the fastest growing cohort in our military community,  many servicewomen face unique challenges with their VA benefits.  Studies have shown that women veterans, on average, connect with the VA  nearly 3 years after military service, which can result in higher rates  of physical and mental health issues. In a male-dominated VA system, it  is not surprising why women veterans often report that they are  uncomfortable seeking women-specific care.   My bill would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to extend an  ongoing initiative with the Air Force and the Transition Assistance  Program, which educates transitioning servicewomen about women's  healthcare at the VA.   Specifically, the bill would mandate an extension of the program  across all military service branches and require a report on the  feasibility of making it permanent. Participants of this pilot program  report an increased likelihood to use VA healthcare and have shown  higher rates of confidence with the VA.   It is time our women servicemembers and veterans receive the care  they need, and this bill will do just that. I urge my colleagues to  join me in support of my bill to ensure that, when servicewomen  transition to civilian life, they are provided with the information  that will help them navigate their VA benefits in a commonsense way.   