 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Velazquez for yielding me  the time.   Since coming to Congress 10 months ago, I have been focused on  protecting  [[Page H8268]]  jobs in the State of Maine, and that means helping small businesses  succeed.   Thousands of small businesses in my State have launched or grown with  help from small business development centers, or, as you heard them  referred to, SBDCs.   Just last year, SBDCs served over 1,500 small businesses in my State,  helped to start 136 new businesses, and worked to protect or create  more than 800 jobs. Here are just a few of the small businesses that I  have heard from directly in my district about this program:   SBDCs helped The Maine Meal in Skowhegan purchase a building in order  to launch their new business;   The Milk House in Monmouth received the accounting and tax advice  that they needed to help grow their business from an SBDC adviser, an  important farming and dairy industry right there;   SBDCs helped Lost Valley Ski Area in Auburn, just across the river  from my hometown, to develop a business plan so that they could secure  the financing they needed to acquire and continue the Lost Valley Ski  Area, which is very important to our community, particularly during the  winter months.   I have visited each of these businesses and seen their work  firsthand. These are just a few of the thousands of SBDC success  stories in the State of Maine.   Given that small business development centers are the largest  resource partner to SBA, it is particularly important for Congress to  keep the program up to date and performing at a high level for small  businesses throughout the country.   In Maine, the State's lead SBDC runs 11 outreach locations in my  congressional district alone, in partnership with regional economic  development entities, enabling small businesses in Maine's rural  communities to access valuable assistance.   While the centers have had many successes, we have also learned  lessons about ways to improve the programs in the year since it was  last reauthorized. That is why I am excited to lead this bill,  alongside Vice Ranking Member Radewagen, to reauthorize the program.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank her for her support of the bill. It has  been a pleasure to work with her.   The Small Business Development Centers Improvement Act of 2019 will  make a number of positive changes to improve oversight, better enable  SBDCs to partner with other organizations, bolster the center  accreditation process, and improve the voice of SBDCs in setting the  program's direction.   I am particularly glad that the bill will help broaden rural small  business access to this assistance by clarifying that centers are  allowed to market and advertise their services. Rural access to SBA  resources is key for States like Maine and many rural communities all  over the country.   Finally, the bill will reauthorize appropriations at the level of  $175 million for fiscal years 2020 through 2023, reaffirming Congress'  commitment to the program.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank the chairwoman and the  ranking member and, in particular, their staffs for forging a  bipartisan path forward on the reauthorization of this program.   I would also like to thank Vice Ranking Member Radewagen for  coleading this bill with me, as well as Mr. Hagedorn, Mr. Evans, and  Mr. Fitzpatrick for joining me as cosponsors.   Mr. Speaker, I would encourage all of my colleagues to support this  bill to keep the SBDC program up to date for the good of America's  small businesses.   