 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, if you ask the Trump administration about  their highest spending priority in terms of their budget, it is pretty  clear--national defense. Over and over, the President has asked and  Congress has voted for more money for America's military for  operations, readiness, and investment across the board. I don't think  there is any question that the votes reflect the bipartisan commitment  to our military and the belief  [[Page S1679]]  that spending dollars today to train our men and women, to equip them  properly, and to make sure they live in the best circumstances is in  the best interests of America's future. We have done that year in and  year out, but this year we are facing quite a challenge from the Trump  administration.   This notion of building a $5.7 billion wall is going to be paid for  at the expense of the U.S. military. It is the military that will end  up surrendering projects that are underway and investments in our  troops that are underway so that the President can build this almighty  wall of his that was supposed to be paid for by the Mexicans, right? I  heard him say that--only 100 times, but I heard him say it. Now he is  off of that. It will not be the Mexicans paying for the President's  wall. It will be our military.   So we ought to be very honest about the vote that is coming up.  President Trump has decided to declare an emergency and to say that  regardless of the Constitution's giving authority to Congress to  appropriate funds, he wants to take on that responsibility to decide  where funds will be spent. That will be challenged in court, I am sure,  as it should be. But for those Members of the Senate who in a few days  will be asked to vote, I would like them to reflect on two things.  Their vote supporting the President's approach is basically giving the  authority of this branch of the government away to the Executive. Make  no mistake, that is at the heart of it, and a number of Republican  Senators--a handful--have stood up and said: We wouldn't have allowed  this under a Democratic President; why would we allow it under a  Republican President?   Yet others have said they are prepared to look the other way. If this  President is popular back in their home States, the Constitution comes  in second. I think that is a mistake.   Secondly, though, Members of the Senate, before they cast this vote  giving this President the authority to take money out of our military  to build this wall, ought to stop and take a look at where the money is  coming from within our military.   I am in the fortunate position to be the ranking member on the  Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. It is the biggest appropriations  job on Capitol Hill, and I am happy to have Senator Shelby, a  Republican from Alabama, as my chairman of the subcommittee. I am the  ranking Democrat on that committee. We have the biggest appropriation  bill when it comes to discretionary spending--some 60 percent of the  Federal discretionary budget, and we know how important it is to get it  right. America never wants to come in second in a war, and we certainly  never want to be in a position where we are mistreating or ignoring the  needs of our men and women in uniform.   Each year we go through their requests and try to make sure the most  important things are funded. The military will tell us: There are  certain things that are essential and timely, and we need you to spend  money on them. And we have responded, not just in the subcommittee and  in the full committee but in the Senate and in the House.   Now comes the President and says: Not so, we are going to take the  money that we told you was so critically important this year and spend  it on the Mexican border to extend the wall--$5.7 billion worth of it.   As I have met with the heads of the branches of our military service,  we have asked basic questions. I did that yesterday to several generals  and Secretaries who came before me. I said: Has the administration sat  down with you in terms of your branch of the military and told you  where they are going to take the money to build the wall?   Consistently, the answer is no, they don't know. We are days or weeks  away from that money being taken.   What we have done is to prepare a chart through the Military  Construction Subcommittee, which is chaired by Senator Boozman, the  Republican from Arkansas, and Senator Schatz, a Democrat from Hawaii. I  asked them: Where are the unobligated projects? These are projects that  have been authorized but haven't been started. They may have had basic  engineering and preliminary estimates done and so forth. They are ready  to let a contract. The money is sitting there ready to move forward,  and these are the projects that are on the target list for President  Trump when it comes to cutting the military to pay for his border wail.   We have a long list here. The list includes almost every State-- certainly, every State that has anything near a military facility. The  State of Illinois has several key projects that we consider to be  essential. There is one in Peoria, IL. It is a fire crash and rescue  station that needs to be upgraded for the safety of the men and women  who work there and those who use that important airport, and there are  other things within our State.   As I said, hardly any State is omitted from this list. Any Senator  who is voting to give this President the authority to cut military  projects and to stop the spending on military projects should realize  that it may come home and require an explanation.   The Presiding Officer is from the State of Oklahoma. I tell him that  four of the projects are in Oklahoma that are on the target list--the  hit list--for cuts if the President decides to cut those projects or  Illinois projects to fund this wall.   I have two or three specific ones that I would like to highlight  today because they came to my attention. I thought it would be a  shame--in fact, it would be just plain wrong--for us to cut the  spending on these projects. Let me tell you about one of them that  struck me first.   The Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps came to see me. He is a no- nonsense man. You can understand that if you come to be a four-star  general in the Marine Corps, you get down to business in a hurry. We  talked about some of the damage done at the premier training facilities  for the U.S. Marine Corps. Last year, Hurricane Florence tore through  the State of North Carolina. The Marine Corps happened to be one of the  victims of that violent storm. The hurricane damaged roughly 800  buildings on base at Camp Lejeune, New River, and Cherry Point.   Here is an overhead shot that is not as graphic because it was taken  after the hurricane, but the blue coverings on the tops of these roofs  are an indication of the structural damage that was done to these  buildings.   As I mentioned, 800 buildings on these bases were impacted and  damaged by this hurricane. This overhead shot taken last month  indicates the work that needs to be done before these buildings can be  successfully inhabited by the Marine Corps and their families.   I have a photo of the Camp Lejeune chapel, too. There is not much  left of it. That is an indication of the damage that was done there.  This is a worker walking outside of the chapel. That is what is left of  the chapel. Insulation is falling from the ceiling. There is no good  reason to prolong the cleanup.   The Marine Corps said they want to get down to work as quickly as  possible and restore this training facility for the good of the Marine  Corps and for our Nation, but this is on the hit list for the President  for the wall at the border.   What else needs attention this year? The U.S. Air Force needs $750  million to begin cleaning up Tyndall Air Force Base, which was leveled  by Hurricane Michael. The Army leaders need $1 billion for everything  from more training to jump-starting new technology to keep our troops  safe and effective in the battlefield. The Navy has asked for hundreds  of millions of additional dollars for unexpected ship maintenance. We  can't afford to shortchange the men and women in the Navy. We saw what  happened not that long ago with the fatal accidents involving Navy  maneuvers and exercises. We never want that to happen again.   The National Guard has 2,100 personnel on the border, but it is  starting to run low in its pay account. So it was hoping some of these  unobligated funds, at least a small part of them, might be used so they  can continue their border mission.   Unless the Department of Defense finds $150 to $300 million this  year, the National Guard will have to cut short its summer trainings in  all 50 States.   My subcommittee has identified almost $5 billion in military  priorities that need attention today, but after President Trump takes  half of that--$2.5 billion to pay for his border wall--which priorities  will get cut?  [[Page S1680]]    The President has also decided to cut or delay $3.6 billion in  military construction projects. The President might not think these  projects are timely or important, but it was just weeks or months ago  when the administration said just the opposite and asked Congress to  appropriate money--examples: $800 million for essential training  facilities like the National Guard readiness centers, simulators and  firing ranges in the States of Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, and Montana,  to name a few; $1.4 billion worth of maintenance-related projects such  as aircraft hangars and vehicle maintenance shops in Arkansas, Indiana,  Missouri, and Oklahoma, not to mention many other States affected; $1  billion worth of projects for medical and dental care facilities for  the men and women in uniform; schools for military families, military  barracks, and other essential facilities in Arizona, Missouri, Texas,  and beyond.   Fort Campbell, KY, needs a new middle school for military children.  The current building dates back to 1967 and is in serious disrepair. We  were told that was a priority, but it could be stopped, cut, and  eliminated if we are not careful to build this wall.   Also on this list is a new rifle range at Parris Island, SC, a  training base for 20,000 new Marines every single year.   There is a new training center at Fort Bragg, NC, to provide top- notch training and prevent injuries among our Special Forces. They are  using an old warehouse right now, and they want a modern facility. If  it were your son or daughter serving our military at Fort Bragg, you  would give them nothing less. The list goes on and on.   Are we really going to tell our military--the very people who are  protecting and defending this Nation--that the needs they have  identified and we have appropriated money for are going to be put on  hold because President Trump made a campaign promise that he can't  keep--that the Mexicans were going to build the wall?   Republicans and Democrats in the Senate should join the House in  rejecting the President's emergency declaration. The Senate should  reject any effort by the President to take money from our troops, from  the military--from the Marines, from the Air Force, the Navy, the Army,  the National Guard units--to build this wall. We may not agree on much,  but we used to agree on fundamental things. The Department of Defense  was a priority. The men and women serving there deserve not only our  gratitude but the investment in their training, operations, readiness,  and a way of life that shows our respect for what they are doing in  service to this country. We can do nothing less.   When we face the vote--quite likely a week from today or tomorrow--on  whether we agree with the House, I hope that the Senate, Democrats and  Republicans, will put the national defense of our Nation first and our  military first and vote no on President Trump's effort to extend this  emergency designation and to try to assume constitutional  responsibilities beyond what is already written.   We are a branch of government--article I of the Constitution. Our  responsibility is to appropriate funds. When we give away that  responsibility, we walk away from the reason we were elected. I hope  that Members on both sides of the aisle will consider that as we face  this historic vote.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr.  Manchin) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr.  Manchin) is necessarily absent.   