 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, after months of headlines about the  dangers of vaping and a litany of mysterious medical conditions, we hit  a pretty concerning milestone last week--vaping-related lung injuries  have now been reported in all 50 States.   Alaska became State No. 50 with the identification of a teen  suffering from these illnesses. I said a teen. The teen reported  regularly vaping both nicotine and THC products, and while I am glad to  hear the patient is recovering, it highlights the need for immediate  action to this public health emergency.   Nationwide, nearly 28 percent of high school students and 1 in 10  middle school students are using e-cigarettes. That is just to the best  of our knowledge.   Folks at home are struggling to respond to these growing numbers, and  parents and teachers and others are trying to figure out how to get  their arms around this problem.   Last year, 19 percent of Texas high school students had used an e- cigarette in the last 30 days, and all of these recent cases lead me to  believe that this number has gone up and gone up significantly.   It is, I believe, a growing epidemic, but folks in North Texas are  bearing the brunt of it. More than half of all the vaping-related  injuries at home occurred in North Texas. It is also home to the first  vaping-related death in the State.   Last Friday, I visited the University of North Texas Health Science  Center in Fort Worth to learn more about the dangers of e-cigarettes  and the community-led efforts to curb their use.   Let me be clear. When we are talking about adults making choices on  what to put in their body, I will leave those choices to the individual  adult, but if we are talking about children exposing themselves to a  chemical that is addictive, which may lead to a life--even if they  avoid some of the immediate public health consequences, it may lead to  a lifetime of addiction and worse.   We heard from a pulmonary specialist that a lot of kids she talks to  don't understand the risk of e-cigarettes. They think that because  these devices aren't subject to the same regulations and restrictions  as traditional cigarettes, they are somehow different and safer.   We got to hear from a teen who certainly had that mindset. Sixteen- year-old high school junior Anna Carey is one of the many students in  her high school using e-cigarettes, and she admits to becoming rather  quickly addicted to the nicotine.   She said she began to display symptoms like those we have seen across  the country. She was extremely lethargic and would experience random  and severe pains in her chest.   Two initial x rays came back clear. So her doctors released her, but  her symptoms continued. Eventually, she was admitted to the Cook  Children's Hospital and diagnosed with chemical-induced pneumonia in  both lungs. That, Anna told us, was her wake-up call.   I am glad to report that Anna has fully recovered and is using her  story to help educate and alert her fellow teens from going down the  same path.   Everyone who participated in our discussion in Fort Worth last Friday  [[Page S6899]]  agreed that there is no single action or initiative that can put this  outbreak to rest. We need to work together, not only the Federal  Government but State and local governments, parents, teachers, and  communities, to combat this crisis from every angle.   During our conversations we talked about the need for action by the  Food and Drug Administration, something our colleagues on the HELP  Committee have been examining. We also talked about the need to do more  to educate our kids about the risks of e-cigarette use to stop them  from picking up these devices in the first place.   One of the easiest ways we can do that is to make it more difficult  for children to purchase vaping devices from online retailers, but,  unfortunately, our current laws make that difficult to enforce. We are  not talking about changing the age restrictions to purchase these  devices, but merely the manner in which these devices are purchased in  a way that avoids the age restrictions on their consumption.   For traditional cigarettes, consumers are able to make purchases  online, but there are clear guardrails in place to prevent children  from skirting the age restrictions. At the time of the delivery, the  buyer has to sign and show an ID proving that they are an adult. That  just makes common sense. You have to show an ID when you purchase  cigarettes at a gas station or convenience store, and it shouldn't be  any different when you purchase these devices online.   But e-cigarettes are on a different playing field. As often is the  case, developments in the real world can outpace Congress's ability to  respond, and this is, perhaps, a prime example of that.   Anyone, no matter how old or young, can go online and buy e- cigarettes and have them delivered to their front door--no questions  asked, no age verification, no ID, no nothing--and that is wrong.   Kids can be resourceful, you better believe, in taking advantage of  this loophole. In fact, a recent survey found that a third of underage  e-cigarette users bought them online.   There is no reason why e-cigarettes should be subject to lesser  restrictions than traditional cigarettes. They are just as addictive  and dangerous. After hearing from a number of constituents who share my  concerns about teen vaping, I introduced legislation to make it more  difficult for our children to get their hands on these devices.   The Preventing Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act would put  in place the same safeguards for e-cigarettes as traditional cigarettes  purchased online.   Just to be clear, we are talking about protecting children. We are  not talking about limiting adults' rights to use these devices.   This bill would require online retailers to verify the age of a  customer, release deliveries only to an adult showing a proper ID, and  to comply with all State and local tobacco taxes.   These are commonsense reforms, and they have garnered broad  bipartisan support. More than a quarter of the Senators in this body  are cosponsors of this bill, and it recently passed by voice vote in  the House of Representatives. When we are talking about passing  consensus legislation that makes just common sense, well, this is as  easy as it comes.   We need to do everything in our power to turn the tide on this wave  of addiction to protect our children from these dangerous substances.   I appreciate Dr. Michael Williams and the folks at the UNT Health  Science Center for hosting such an important discussion and for their  work to educate the public on e-cigarettes and the dangers associated  with their use, particularly by minor children.   I want to thank my colleagues who have thrown their support behind  this legislation. It is a bipartisan bill, as demonstrated by the chief  cosponsors on the other side, Senators Feinstein and Van Hollen.   I can't imagine why anybody would want to hold such a commonsense  bill up, and I hope we will be able to send it to the President before  we head home for the holidays.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   