 Mr. President, I rise to honor and pay tribute to one of  the most tenacious and dedicated Kentuckians I have had the pleasure of  knowing, Mr. Jim Milliman.   Jim began his career in 1964 after graduating from the University of  Notre Dame. He subsequently graduated magna cum laude from the  University of Louisville School of Law in 1970. He married Nan  Milliman, and they made their home in Louisville, KY. They have been  married for 48 years.   When I first met Jim, I knew him as one of Kentucky's finest  attorneys, who represented Brown & Williamson during the tobacco  litigation and the State Republicans in election law matters. I knew  him as an accomplished managing partner of the Louisville-based law  firm, Middleton Reutlinger. I also knew him as the fiery conservative  cohost who often sat opposite Congressman   John Yarmuth on WAVE 3 TV's  political show ``Hot Button.'' He was known for his spirited debate and  for not backing down.   After having over 40 successful years in commercial litigation and  receiving numerous awards from his peers, such as being named one of  the top 50 attorneys in Kentucky, Jim decided to retire--from the law,  at least. In 2010, right after I was elected to the Senate, I convinced  Jim to come out of retirement and be my State director for Kentucky. I  am truly grateful that he said yes because, for nearly a decade, Jim  has served in that role and has been one of my most trusted advisers.   Anyone who knows Jim knows that he is a force to be reckoned with. He  is fiercely loyal, a real problem solver, and a highly accomplished  legal mind. Moreover, he is an incredibly kind person who cares deeply  about his friends and colleagues. When I ran for President, Jim  spearheaded the approval of a caucus for Kentucky so I would not be  kept from the ballot for President and the U.S. Senate.   Recently, Jim has decided to transition from the daily State director  duties into more of an advisory role. Considering he tried to retire  over 10 years ago, I think it is well-deserved. No matter in what  capacity, I will always be thankful to have Jim as a part of my team as  an ally and an adviser.   He has dedicated so much of his time to the pursuit of liberty and  freedom, to defending the principles that made this Nation great, and  to supporting a pro-Kentucky policy agenda.   Thank you, Jim, for your service to Kentucky and to this country.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for floor privileges  for a member of my staff, Rob Givens.   