 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of my amendment that would reduce the overall  funding provided under Division D of State and Foreign Operations by  2.1 percent.   Every year, the House lays out a blueprint for spending that is  comprised of 12 separate bills. It seems many in this body have chosen  to continue Washington's pattern of out-of-control spending with  increases in every bill, some bills going up as much as 15 percent.   This is why Washington is doing exactly what is expected, spending  too much money overall while not funding critically important programs  like border security.   Given that last year we borrowed nearly $1 trillion, or 20 percent of  total spending, this partisan 4.1 percent spending increase, an  additional $2.2 billion, included in the State and Foreign Operations  division of H.R. 2740, as proposed by House Democrats, puts America  even further in debt, which is completely irresponsible.   It is kind of strange, if you think about it. If you were going to  ask somebody for more money, would you ask the U.S. Government?   My amendment would seek to rein in this out-of-control government  spending by capping growth in the State and Foreign Operations  division.   I encourage my colleagues to return to responsible spending and  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will just make one point. We are  borrowing. We have dropped a little bit below about 20 percent of our  budget right now. I think most people on the Appropriations Committee  would say everything is essential.   I will make one point, among several, on the programs that were  criticized. We are going to cut 2.2 percent of global health programs.  In my district, it is more and more common for people to have $10,000,  $15,000, $20,000 deductibles on their health insurance policies.  Frequently, they are paying $15,000 or $20,000 for those policies, to  boot.   We are crying the blues that maybe we can't afford a 2 percent cut in  our global health programs. I think it is bizarre that I am going to  have to go back home--and I will probably lose this fight--and tell  people that next year, their health insurance premiums may go up 10 or  11 percent, but we can't cut global health programs by 2 percent. It is  just absurd.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   