 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  1644, the Save the Internet Act.   As the father of four children, I worry about what my kids see on  social media and online, and I know firsthand how important it is that  illegal content doesn't pollute the internet.   My amendment would affirm that this bill preserves broadband internet  [[Page H3234]]  service providers' ability to block unlawful content, including  disturbing and harmful materials like child pornography.   We are here today to vote on legislation to protect the internet as  an engine of innovation and open communication free from undue  restrictions, such as blocking legal content and services, throttling  service, and paid prioritization of content. While the bill does not,  as currently written, revoke service providers' ability to block  illegal content, I believe the House can agree that we should  nonetheless affirm our commitment to stopping unlawful behaviors, such  as viewing child pornography and copyright infringement.   My amendment does not impose additional or onerous legal requirements  on service providers to act as an arbiter of lawfulness but, rather,  ensures providers can continue working with consumer watchdogs and law  enforcement to keep our internet free from illegal content and to make  it safe for our families.   Let me reiterate this amendment also does not grant ISPs any new  rights to block content that is lawful or decide what is lawful on the  internet. My amendment simply stands for the proposition that unlawful  content is not protected by net neutrality rules.   It is one thing to say ISPs can block content subject to a valid  court order and quite another to let ISPs make decisions about the  lawfulness of content for themselves. This amendment strikes that  balance.   We have bipartisan consensus on the tremendous value of the  internet's contribution to our society's innovation and communication,  and I also know that there is bipartisan concern about severe illegal  misuses of the internet's power. I believe my amendment offers us an  opportunity to confirm our support once again for a free internet with  unfettered access to legal content and to our vehement opposition to  child pornography.   Mr. Chair, I thank the members of the committee for their work on  this legislation, and I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Michael F. Doyle) for the purpose of a colloquy.     Mr. Chair, yes, that is correct. Nothing in this  amendment grants any sort of new rights to an ISP. Rather, this  amendment simply stands for the proposition that unlawful content is  not protected by net neutrality rules. In other words, blocking  unlawful content does not violate net neutrality.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   