 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized  for 6 minutes, please.    Thanks very much.   Madam President, I rise again today to speak on an upcoming vote  later on the majority leader's Green New Deal resolution.   To my colleagues, I would just say that I think we have a serious  choice to make. Either we can acknowledge the climate crisis that our  planet faces and confront it head-on, or we can turn our backs to it  and walk away. I think the clock is ticking, and we need to not walk  away.   While it is clear that a majority of Americans are calling on  Congress to work together to address climate change, a number of our  Republican colleagues--not all--have chosen to devote their time to  deriding the Green New Deal instead of acknowledging the 800-pound  gorilla in the room and crafting an action plan to do something about  it while we still have time.   Madam President, I will ask unanimous consent to offer a very simple  resolution here in a few minutes. I think my friend from Wisconsin is  probably here to reserve the right to object to that, which is his  right.   It is a pretty simple resolution. There are three parts to it. The  first part of the resolution that I will be offering is that climate  change is real. The second part of the resolution is that we as human  beings have a lot to do with this problem. The last part of it is that  we ought to do something about it. ``We'' includes the U.S. Congress.   I have been asked a fair amount today: Well, what should we do about  it? What should we do about it?   If you look at the Green New Deal, the first part of the Green New  Deal--especially the findings--gives a pretty good roadmap that I think  we ought to seriously consider. I would just suggest that some items  that have come up before the Environment and Public Works Committee in  recent weeks and months--hearings that we held--could also help us  figure out what the Congress might want to do about it.   If you think climate change is real--and I do, and I think most of us  do. It is becoming a more urgent matter, not a less urgent matter. What  are some of the things we can do? I will mention a few.   I think most people believe that carbon dioxide contributes to  climate change, and that is true. With respect to climate change, there  are other pollutants that are a lot worse than carbon. I want to  mention a couple of them.   One of them is black carbon. Where does black carbon come from? It  comes from diesel engines--think of trucks, cars, locomotives, trains,  and boats. If you have ever been at a traffic intersection and have  seen those big diesel trucks that pull away from the traffic  intersection and the huge plumes of black smoke that appear as they  pull off, they include black carbon. Black carbon is more than 100  times more dangerous than regular carbon dioxide in terms of its  climate potential.   We have American-made technology that can be used on diesel engines-- all diesel engines; there are millions of them--to reduce those  emissions by 90 percent.   We have a program called the Diesel Emissions Reduction Act, which  helps to fund and make monies available for States and local  governments and private businesses to reduce their diesel emissions,  especially black carbon. That is one.   Two, think about our National Highway System in this country. Through  most of our National Highway System, we don't provide charging stations  for electric vehicles that have batteries. We don't have fueling  stations for vehicles that are powered by hydrogen in conjunction with  fuel cells that create movement for all kinds of vehicles.   We need to put money into tax credits and grants for fueling stations  for hydrogen and charging stations for electricity. We have an electric  vehicle credit that has expired or is about to expire. It needs to be  extended so that when people in this country are thinking about buying  a vehicle, they will consider buying an electric vehicle, which doesn't  put out any carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury, or CO2.   Another thing we could do is provide an investment tax credit, which  Susan Collins and I have proposed doing for some time, where, for the  first 3,000 megawatts of offshore wind that is deployed, the business  gets a 30-percent investment tax credit. That is one thing we can do.   The chairman of our Environment and Public Works Committee is here.  He and I believe another good idea--and we are joined in this by  Republicans and Democrats--is to develop technology, which we think is  very promising, that would literally pull  [[Page S1969]]  carbon out of the air--not out of a smokestack but literally out of the  air--and turn it into something more useful. That is something we can  do.   We had a hearing on legislation called the Nuclear Energy Innovation  Capabilities Act, the NEIC. Part of what we want to do is, instead of  running nuclear powerplants and ending up with a whole lot of spent  fuel, we want to have technology where, when the heat is so high, those  nuclear plants would use most of the spent fuel. Instead of having it  stacked up around the country, we use it up and we create electricity  from it.   Two more things, and I am done. There are HFCs, hydrofluorocarbons,  which replaced CFCs. CFCs put a hole in the ozone. They are a coolant.  They are a refrigerant. CFCs put a hole in the ozone. They were  replaced by HFCs. HFCs didn't put a hole in the ozone. They are better  for the ozone layer but not good for climate change. Now we have a  follow-on product, a successor to HFCs. They are good for the ozone  layer and good for climate change. We ought to make sure that we pass a  treaty here in this body so we can actually use that technology.   Finally, the last thing we can do is provide for our auto industry.  It is something they are asking for.    I ask for 30 more seconds, please, Madam President.    Thank you.   The last thing we can do is--the auto industry has been saying, with  respect to fuel efficiency standards, CAFE and so forth, that we ought  to give them some near-term flexibility in terms of meeting more  efficient fuel requirements, more efficient mileage requirements, and  more stringent requirements going forward in the future. That is what  they are asking for to provide certainty. It is a 50-State deal.  California is at the table. We ought to do that.   Those are just a couple of things we can do in Congress to actually  address this, and we ought to do them. While we successfully help do  good things for our planet, we are also going to create jobs and  economic opportunity.    I think that is something the chairman of our committee  and I might just agree on.   Thank you, Madam President.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Environment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S.J. Res. 9 and that the resolution be read a third  time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.   This resolution says that climate change is real; that as people on  this planet, we have something to do with it; and three, that Congress  is part of the solution.    That is my resolution.   