 Mr. President, I rise to address one of the most pressing  crises the American people are facing today. Our refusal to address the  border crisis is inexcusable.   Right now, Texas and other border States are being overwhelmed by  thousands upon thousands of illegal immigrants who are flooding into  small communities monthly. The inaction of the U.S. Congress leaves  these communities responsible for paying for where these illegal  immigrants will stay, for how they will receive medical care, and for  where they will go when they are released.   From Brownsville to McAllen, to Laredo to Eagle Pass, to Del Rio, to  El Paso, and beyond, Texas communities are at their breaking point in  terms of resources and manpower in dealing with this crisis. I am  hearing from elected officials throughout South Texas--Democrats and  Republicans--that the crisis has reached a breaking point.   Our hard-working Border Patrol agents are also struggling with the  enormous influx of illegal immigrants. It has been reported that there  are now more illegal immigrants in custody than Border Patrol agents on  the southern border and thousands more being apprehended daily.   Since last October, over half a million illegal immigrants have been  apprehended at our southern border, many of them having traveled  through Mexico from El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala. Over 200,000  of these illegal immigrants were single adults, and over 56,000 of them  were unaccompanied children.   During this time, the Border Patrol also apprehended nearly 700 gang  members trying to illegally enter the United States. In the month of  May alone, the Border Patrol apprehended over 144,000 people coming  through the southern border--144,000 in a single month. If that pace  were to continue for a year, we would be looking at nearly 2 million  apprehensions in just 1 year. That is a staggering number of illegal  immigrants for Texas and other border States to take in.   Instead of acknowledging that this crisis exists, instead of doing  the responsible thing and taking action, congressional Democrats  instead have stubbornly clung to open-border fantasies. Speaker Pelosi  has called the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants coming  through our border a ``manufactured crisis.'' Some of our colleagues on  the Presidential trail have called it a ``fake crisis'' and  ``fearmongering of the worst kind'' or have said that climate change is  a more serious crisis. All I can tell them  [[Page S4798]]  is to go to the border. The crisis at the border is very real, despite  what the Democratic talking points say.   Last week, I visited the Rio Grande Valley, as I have done many times  in representing the State of Texas in the Senate. I have toured the Rio  Grande Valley Centralized Processing Center, the largest immigration  processing center in the United States. I also traveled to Rincon  Village, which is ground zero for illegal border crossings near  Mission, TX. What I saw there was staggering. When I was in the Rio  Grande Valley, the RGV Sector Chief told me that in 2014, just 5 years  ago, roughly 2 percent of single adult men crossing illegally into the  Rio Grande Valley had a child with them. Today that number is roughly  50 percent. It went from 2 percent all the way up to 50 percent. The  word is out among traffickers, among smugglers, among others seeking to  illegally enter the United States that coming with a child is a get- out-of-jail-free pass. According to the Border Patrol, family unit  apprehensions have increased by 463 percent since last year, with  increases of 2,100 percent in El Paso and 1,034 percent in Del Rio.   I also learned of a recent pilot program that used rapid DNA tests to  discover whether these family units were real. Nearly 30 percent were  found to be fraudulent in the Rio Grande Valley. In other words, the  adults bringing kids into the United States illegally weren't related  to the children.   One of the most tragic elements of the crisis is the number of  children who are being trafficked, who are being physically abused,  sexually abused, and neglected. Often they are being used as pawns.   That is not all. In the Rio Grande Valley, 60 percent of Border  Patrol Agents are now helping to process and care for children and  family units. That means only 40 percent are dedicated to border  security. More than half the Border Patrol agents in our Nation's  busiest crossing point for illegal immigrants are not on the border  stopping narcotics traffickers and stopping human traffickers because  they are instead changing diapers. Instead, they are caring for  children because the volume is so massive.   Just recently, the Rio Grande Valley Sector canceled their horseback  patrol because they lacked the manpower because they are instead caring  for the massive influx of illegal immigrants. On average, they make 30  trips to the hospital a day. On average, in the Rio Grande Valley  Sector, one child is born each day to an illegal immigrant who has come  over. Last week, 12 people died.    This is a crisis. By refusing to address our border crisis, we invite  child smuggling and child abuse. That is shameful, and that is a  tragedy. We know how many illegal immigrants are being apprehended. We  know more and more illegal immigrants are trying to get into our  country, and we know Border Patrol doesn't have the manpower or the  resources to handle a humanitarian crisis of this scale. It is a fact,  and it is a reality that our Democratic colleagues need to face.   Nobody who is compassionate, nobody who wants to be virtuous, nobody  who cares about other human beings would want to perpetuate what is  happening at the border for even a single day. We should be angry. We  should be angry at politicians who say this is a made-up crisis. We  should be angry at politicians who keep the loopholes in place that  ensure that more and more children--more and more little boys and  girls--will be abused at the hands of human smugglers.   While the passage of the $4.5 billion border supplemental bill a few  weeks ago was a good first step, Democrats in Congress need to finally  do their job and work with Republicans and work with President Trump to  secure our border. We need to build a wall. We need to enforce  immigration laws already on the books. We need to reform our amnesty  laws to prevent asylum abuse, and we need to support the brave men and  women of the Border Patrol with all the resources they need to  effectively secure the border.   I have introduced legislation to secure the border using the billions  from El Chapo's criminal fortune that the Department of Justice is  seeking to have criminally forfeited and use El Chapo's ill-gotten  goods and those of other drug lords to build the wall. The EL CHAPO Act  would reserve any amounts criminally forfeited to the Federal  Government as a result of criminal prosecution of El Chapo or other  drug kingpins for the building of a border wall and other border  security assets.   I am also a cosponsor of the WALL Act, which would fully fund the  border wall by closing existing loopholes that provide illegal  immigrants with Federal benefits and tax credits, all without affecting  the benefits and tax credits used by American citizens.   These bills are just two commonsense ways to secure the border.  Everyone should support taking money away from murderers, from drug  smugglers, and from human traffickers such as El Chapo and using it to  prevent murder, drug smuggling, and human trafficking--all without  costing American taxpayers even a dime or adding anything to the  Federal deficit.   We also need more judges. We need to close the loopholes in our  asylum system. Right now, immigration courts have a backlog of about  900,000 pending cases--nearly a million. Increasing the number of  immigration judges and providing an expedited process for asylum claims  is necessary so migrants who don't qualify for asylum can be quickly  returned to their home countries rather than released into the United  States.   These reforms are necessary, and they need to happen. We know how to  solve this problem. We don't have to ask theoretically because we have  seen it happen specifically. In the first 6 months of 2017, right after  President Trump was elected and sworn into office, illegal immigration  dropped nearly 70 percent. It plummeted. I remember going back down to  the valley in early 2017 and asking the Border Patrol agents: Why did  the illegal crossings drop? We hadn't built a wall yet. We hadn't hired  new Border Patrol agents. What changed? What those Border Patrol agents  told me was the only thing that changed is the human smugglers, the  traffickers, now believed there was an administration in office that  would enforce the law that would deport them if they came here  illegally. That one change--the traffickers believing the  administration would send them home--dropped illegal immigration 70  percent.   Then what happened? Why did we see this enormous deluge we are seeing  right now? Well, the answer is the Congress put loopholes in the law  that mandate the release of children. In a short timeframe, and under a  court decision called the Flores decision, adults with a child get  released as well. That process is what is known as catch and release.  It means someone who is apprehended is given a court date some months  or years into the future and then are let go on the hope that they will  magically show up. Far too many of them don't show up.   What happened in the summer of 2017 was illegal immigrants would pick  up the phone and call their friends or family back home and say: The  policy hasn't changed. They still let us go. We still get to stay.  There are still no consequences. Come on over.   Even worse than that, smugglers learned that bringing a child is the  ticket to crossing illegally into this country. There was a portion of  the detention facility I saw in the valley that the officers refer to  as ``daddy daycare'' because it was simply filled with young single men  who had little kids with them. Five years ago, 2 percent of single men  had kids. Today, 50 percent of single men have kids because if you grab  a little boy or a little girl, you can come over. I will tell you  because of the loopholes Congress has put in place, Border Patrol has  been forced to release people who are convicted murderers, forced to  release people who are convicted pedophiles, forced to release adults  with sexual assault convictions and children in their custody. Why?  Because it is so expedited that by the time they find out about the  convictions, they have been forced to release them already.   This is cruel. It is inhumane. When the rapid DNA testing is showing  that nearly 30 percent of the adults are not related to the kids, it  explains why we are hearing more and more reports of children being  rented or sold by the cartels.   This has to stop--the political posturing from the Democrats who are  running for President and the Democrats in Congress who are refusing to  [[Page S4799]]  solve this problem. It is past time for those games. It is time to  solve this crisis.   I yield the floor.   