 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you for your accommodation today. I  rise to talk about another responsibility we have in the Senate; that  is, to fund the Federal Government.   Our Nation was built on debate and compromise. If you read what the  Founding Mothers and Founding Fathers debated in Chambers just like  this and then later in this Chamber through the first 100 years of our  existence, there was hot debate and many disagreements, but somehow  they found a way to find a compromise.   Our Founding Mothers and Founding Fathers believed rightly that to  get the best results, both sides had to come to the table to make a  deal. This week, the Trump administration and congressional leaders,  including Speaker Pelosi, reached a critical 2-year compromise on  spending levels and the debt ceiling.   Like any compromise, this funding agreement is not perfect. Neither  side got everything it wanted. It accomplishes three important things,  however.   First, it will provide certainty to our military. This is critical  after the last decade, when 2 years ago, two-thirds of our F/A teams  couldn't fly. Only 3 of our Army brigades could fight that night out of  the 58 Army brigades we have. Our readiness was terrible. This deal  will continue to reestablish readiness for our military, provide our  troops with the compensation and benefits they deserve, and take care  of our veterans here at home.   Before this, three Democratic Presidents disinvested in the military.  That is just historic fact. It was done in the seventies, it was done  in the nineties, and it was done by the prior administration.   Second, none of the liberal poison pills or riders actually ended up  in this final bill. Going forward, President Trump and congressional  Republicans will ensure that we keep those out but in the spirit of  compromise and hard negotiation.   Third, and most importantly, this deal keeps the ball moving on the  process of funding the government on time to avoid another devastating  shutdown or continuing resolution. However, despite these benefits,  this deal highlights two significant problems. These are not new.   First, Washington's funding process is broken. The current system is  inefficient and time-consuming. It has actually only funded the  government on time four times in the last 45 years since the 1974  Congressional Budget Act was put into place. We now have just 13  working days between now and the end of this fiscal year. We are  supposed to have 12 appropriations bills and $1.3 trillion of funding  appropriated by the end of that time, by September 30. Good luck with  that.   So here we are in the eleventh hour. We just made a big agreement,  and I believe now the pressure is on to get defense and some of the  domestic spending appropriations done certainly by September 30 so we  can avoid the draconian impact of continuing resolutions on our  military.   The lack of time means that for the second year in a row, Congress  has had to rush in order to fund the government in the last moments of  the fiscal year. Last year, we stayed here in August during the work  period, and we went from 12 percent funding to 75 percent funding, and  this year we have the opportunity to do that.   I believe the plan is in place, when we come back this September,  that we can actually get upward of two-thirds done by the end of  September, which would include the military, which would avoid this CR  issue we have been talking about.   This process has been the norm in Washington for decades, however.  This  [[Page S5041]]  is nothing new. Since the Budget Act of 1974 was put in place, we have  only done this four times, as I said. We cannot allow this process to  continue this way.   Last year, we had a joint select committee, as you know. I believe we  have four things that we can move on this year in terms of bills and  possibly change this going forward. The American people sent us here to  get this job done. It is time we break through all this--the logjam of  politics--and face the fact next year that our No. 1 priority is to  fund the government.   The second problem this budget deal has highlighted is the most  important issue facing our country, in my opinion--the $22 trillion  debt crisis. While this deal provides for all discretionary spending,  the current budget deal does not include mandatory spending, nor does  any other prior spending bill include mandatory.   By law, all the budget does and all the appropriations do is deal  with the discretionary budget, which is only $1.3 trillion of $4.6  trillion in total money that we spend as the Federal Government. So you  say: Well, what is the difference? Well, we spent $1.3 trillion. Well,  what is in that? That is military, Veterans' Administration, and all  domestic discretionary spending. Well, what is in mandatory? Social  Security, Medicare, Medicaid, pension benefits, and the interest on the  debt, which, by the way, has gone up over $450 billion in the last 2\1/ 2\ years.   Let me put this into perspective. This budget deal only increases  discretionary spending from last year's level over the next 2 years by  $54 billion. That is 2 percent per year for the next 2 years. That is  lower growth in spending on discretionary items than the growth of our  economy at the moment. That means that in 2 years, the spending on  discretionary spending items will be less as a percentage of our  economy than it is today.   This is an incredibly important point and was a major goal of  President Trump's going into this process. The problem is, the CBO  projects that mandatory spending and interest payments will grow in  that same period over the next 2 years by $420 billion. That is our  problem. This is what is driving the huge increases on our debt over  the next two decades. In these 2 years, ironically, half the increase  in the mandatory spending is in interest expense. Even with interest  rates being historically low, that is the case. Imagine what we would  have if interest rates were at their 30-year average of 5 to 6 percent.   Right now, 70 percent of what the government spends is made up of  mandatory spending, as I said: Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,  pension benefits for Federal employees, and the interest on the debt.  Many of these programs are in dire need of reform. The Social Security  Trust Fund goes to zero in 16 years. The Medicare trust fund goes to  zero in 7 years. It is imperative that we save these important  programs. Yet nothing is being done when we deal with the discretionary  part of this budget.   Instead, Congress has been wrangling over the discretionary budget,  which makes up just 30 percent of all spending. The whole situation  shows just how shortsighted Washington is. Rather than address the  long-term problems facing the country, Congress keeps kicking the can  down the road. Fortunately, there are five steps, ultimately, we can  take to address this long-term fiscal problem.   First is we have to grow the economy. Check that box because the  economy is moving. Regulatory work, energy, taxes, and Dodd-Frank have  kick-started this economy, creating 6 million new jobs. The economy is  growing at about twice the rate it did under the prior administration,  so the economy is growing.   Second is to root out redundant spending; third, fix the funding  process; fourth, save Social Security and Medicare; and lastly, we have  to finally address the underlying drivers of our healthcare costs.   Thanks to President Trump's leadership, we already have the first  part covered. Unemployment is the lowest it has been in 50 years. Our  energy potential has been unleashed. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has  brought new investment to our country.   I want to highlight again the driver here. I am going to show a chart  just as I close. Mandatory spending is the No. 1 problem we have with  our debt crisis. The bottom line here is discretionary spending. The  vertical dotted line is today, 2019. You can see, over the last decade  or so, that discretionary spending has been relatively quiet. We have  had some increase. The green line is total spending, but the orange  line is the total mandatory line. You can see the explosive nature of  growth from today forward.   That is why this conversation today is so timely because, in the  past, while it was going up, it is going up geometrically in the next  20 years compared to what it has been. That is a function of the growth  of the size of the debt itself and also because of the aging  demographic of our population. As more and more people retire and go  into Medicare and Medicaid, you will see these numbers continue to  rise. These are Congressional Budget Office numbers. This highlights  how serious this is and why all the drama is on the 30 percent down  here and why we have to change the rhetoric here, change the predicate  of discussion and start talking about the mandatory expenditures and  how we save them.   Solving the debt crisis is the right thing to do and the only thing  to do. The world needs us to do this, and the time is right now. Given  that, this budget deal is a reasonable compromise, and we now need to  make sure we appropriate to avoid any continuing resolution for our  defense funding.   Going into the next year, now that we have an agreement on a topline  for discretionary spending for 2020, we need to expedite appropriations  to ensure we avoid the unnecessary drama next year. This is one reason  why I ran for the Senate. We have to get serious about the long-term  implications of our debt. The world knows that. Our people know that.  The problem is the political will has been missing in Washington.   We passed one milestone, hopefully, with this agreement on the  topline, and we will move to appropriations, but we have to move,  starting immediately, to change the process so we don't have this drama  next year and we begin the dialogue about how to save Social Security  and Medicare.   I yield the floor.   