 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business.    Madam President, we are on the floor, and I will be joined  by colleagues to talk about the program we know as Medicaid--a program  that I think we are beginning to appreciate more, especially in the  last couple of years--and the impact it has on the American people.   Unfortunately, the debates on healthcare have resulted in Medicaid  becoming a target. Too often, both in the Senate and in the other  body--the other body, the House--the Medicaid Program has been the  subject of attempts to do at least one of three things, if not all  three.   One is attempts to decimate the program by way of funding cuts over  the next 10 years. We know the President's budget has proposed cutting  Medicaid by $1.5 trillion over 10 years--that is with a ``t''--roughly,  $150 billion each and every year for 10 years. That is a bad idea, and  we are going to fight that with all we have.   Other attempts to slash Medicaid have been perpetuated over time,  either to cut it over 10 years or to cut it in a particular year.   The third thing we have seen is sabotage efforts by the  administration when it comes to the exchanges resulting from the  Affordable Care Act but also attempts to sabotage the Medicaid Program  itself. I will develop that in a moment in terms of the attempts by the  administration.   Medicaid is a program that, I think, tells us who we are as a nation.  We are a great nation for a number of reasons. We all know we have the  strongest military and the strongest economy. When we are at our best,  we are an example to the world. We are also the greatest country in the  world because of the way we attempt--don't always do the right thing  and don't always do as much as we should--but because of our attempts  to take care of folks who need help and to give opportunity to folks  who might need a door to be opened or an opportunity to be presented to  them.   Medicaid is one of those examples of American greatness when we get  it right. Medicaid is the program that we know is responsible for  making sure seniors can get into nursing homes. Absent Medicaid,  millions of seniors wouldn't be able to have the benefit of skilled  care in a nursing home. Something on the order of 60 percent of seniors  have an opportunity to get skilled care because of Medicaid. Absent  Medicaid, it is highly likely they wouldn't be able to get that care,  especially when you consider the cost of care to just one family. It  would cost tens and tens of thousands of dollars.   Medicaid is the program that takes care of a huge share of the  Nation's children, and a subset of that, of course, is children with  disabilities. We are told, just in Pennsylvania alone--the most recent  number I have seen--54 percent of children with disabilities have their  healthcare provided to them by Medicaid. Thank goodness that is the  case, and we have to make sure that continues.   Just consider the birth of a child. We know, whether it is  Pennsylvania or the Nation, the number exceeds 40 percent. Forty  percent of all the births in the country--more than 40 percent, I  should say--are paid for by the Medicaid Program. So the Medicaid  Program affects the family in so many different ways: the family, when  it comes to a birth, in very high numbers across the country; the  family, when it comes to providing healthcare for children and to give  children the opportunity not just to have coverage and insurance but to  have early screening, early diagnosis, and testing--the kind of  preventive care, in a sense, that we hope anyone would receive but  especially a young child.   Medicaid, of course, goes from, to use Senator Hubert Humphrey's  line, ``the dawn of life to the twilight of life''--from children all  the way through to older Americans and folks in between there who might  have a disability. Probably every Member of the Senate has received a  letter from a family who has a loved one with a disability, especially  a child, expressing how Medicaid is important to them.   We all know these debates are critically important to what happens to  Medicaid. If we allow the majority in the Senate, and if we allow the  administration to have its way, we would have substantial cuts to  Medicaid--maybe not a trillion and a half, as the administration has  proposed, but substantial cuts that would hurt the American family.   I wanted to highlight some of the ways I mentioned earlier that the  administration has tried to sabotage Medicaid. That is my view of it.  Here are some examples: Starting in January of 2018, the administration  undertook an effort to allow States, for the first time, to take away  Medicaid coverage from people who are not working or who are not  engaged in work-related activities for a specific number of hours each  month. In Arkansas, for example--this was the first State to implement  this new policy by the administration--over 18,000  Medicaid beneficiaries lost coverage in 2018 due to the new  requirements. Almost one in four people were subject to the new rules.    While a Federal district court recently struck down restrictive  waivers in both Arkansas and Kentucky, the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services, the so-called CMS, continues to approve these  policies in additional States.   So that is one attempt to knock people off Medicaid in the calendar  year 2018--18,000.   Another attempt was in the State of Utah. HHS, Health and Human  Services, a Federal agency, has also approved an unprecedented  authority for States to deny coverage for people who otherwise would be  eligible for Medicaid. This authority undermines Medicaid's guarantee  of healthcare coverage to low-income people who meet the eligibility  criteria set by Congress.   Earlier this year, Health and Human Services approved a proposal to  allow the State of Utah to cap enrollment based solely on State funding  decisions. So, in other words, once the number of enrollees reaches the  State's funding cap, other eligible people would be shut out of  coverage. An arbitrary enrollment cap limits enrollment on a first- come, first-serve basis and would treat similarly situated people very  differently, depending on when they apply for coverage, effectively  holding low-income people's healthcare coverage hostage--hostage to  State lawmakers' annual budget decisions on how many people should get  coverage. So this is another way to limit Medicaid coverage.  [[Page S3348]]    Now, Health and Human Services is reportedly working on a block grant  guidance for States that could give States the latitude to cut coverage  of services or provide payments in ways not allowed under Federal law.   So here are just a couple of examples of what the administration is  doing that I would argue is sabotage: cutting Medicaid by providing  waivers that have not been provided before to the States. I don't think  coverage of Medicaid should be determined by a purely budgetary  decision at the State level. States have to balance their budget. They  have constraints. The Federal Government should ensure that anyone who  is eligible for Medicaid should receive it. There are those who say:  Well, if you go down that path, the Federal Government will not be able  to afford it.   I have heard words used on this floor and other places around the  Capitol that the cost of Medicaid is ``unsustainable.'' That is the  word that is used over and over--unsustainable.   I wonder if the same people, the same Members of Congress, use the  word ``unsustainable'' for corporate tax cuts that went into effect  starting in late 2017, where there was a corporate tax reduction voted  on in the Senate where that reduction went from a 35-percent rate down  to a 21-percent rate. The original idea was to go from 35 to 20, and it  ended up at 21. So that is a 14-point reduction in the corporate tax  rate. We were told, if we did that, if we all agreed to do that--I did  not agree with it--but if we were to agree to do that and the bill went  through and became law, which it did, that somehow wages would be  increased for workers across the board. In fact, the White House, at  that time, promised that wages would go up $4,000 per worker--$4,000. I  haven't had a steady stream of workers coming to my office saying they  got a $4,000 wage increase because of the December 2017 tax bill. In  fact, they are telling me the opposite. Many of them are paying more  than they were before that tax bill.   I make that point and relate it to Medicaid very simply because the  same folks who talked about and have advocated for and even voted  repeatedly to cut Medicaid are the same folks who often supported a  corporate tax cut that cost over a trillion dollars and was not paid  for. Then the same people say: Oh, my goodness. We have a trillion-plus  hole in the budget so we have to go and cut Medicaid or Medicare. So  what results now is a little more than a year later--a year and a half  later, after the tax bill passed, what do we have? We have the  administration coming forward saying: We have to cut Medicaid by a  trillion and a half over the next 10 years and Medicare by over $845  billion over the next 10 years. That is the tradeoff: cut Medicaid and  Medicare, in essence, to pay for a corporate tax cut.   Remember, every point they reduce that corporate tax cut--when they  went from 35 to 34, the cost of that is $100 billion over 10 years.  Then, when it went from 34 to 33, another $100 billion is implicated in  that cut, and you can see the reduction. For every point of the  corporate tax cut, it will cost the Nation, over 10 years, $100  billion.   So when folks start talking about the cost of Medicaid being  unsustainable, I just think that is a camouflage for what they really  want to do, which is to cut Medicaid and reduce those who are eligible.   I am going to try, with everything I have, to prevent them from doing  that because last time I checked, Medicaid was a program about us. It  is an ``us'' program, not a program for someone over there--someone who  is distant from us. Medicaid, as we found out most recently in the  debates about healthcare, is a program about us, about who we are. It  is about babies being born. It is about kids with disabilities. It is  about children who live in families who are very low income. The  families are thereby eligible for Medicaid, and that child not only has  coverage but has the kind of early preventive healthcare we would hope  every child has.   And Medicaid is also about the members of our family who are senior  citizens trying to get skilled care.   So we are going to have a long discussion today, at least for the  better part of an hour, about Medicaid, and I am grateful that  colleagues of mine are willing to come to the floor and talk about this  critically important program and what is at stake for our families.    Mr. President, I will at this time yield the floor to my  distinguished colleague from the State of Washington, Senator Murray.  We are honored by her presence here on the floor. I will come back a  little later.    Mr. President I want to thank my colleague from the State  of Washington for outlining the challenges presented now to Medicaid in  terms of efforts by Republicans, which I have described with three  words: decimate, slash, and sabotage. I think all three are an accurate  description of what they have tried to do.   But I am also grateful that Senator Murray was highlighting some of  the great benefits of the program in her initial remarks on the floor.   We just had a report yesterday from a great organization called  Protect Our Care. I will not read the entire report, but I was struck  by a few findings that they summarized in that report, quoting from  various studies about the impact of Medicaid. Here are just a few. A  number of these findings relate to Medicaid expansion, which was the  expansion of Medicaid that became law when the Affordable Care Act was  passed back in 2010, but it is only now, years after Medicaid expansion  has gone into effect, that the impact is being felt in a very positive  way.   For just a couple of highlights here on Medicaid expansion, for  example, expansion was associated with lower rates of maternal  mortality. In this case, the research was done by the Georgetown  University Center for Children and Families. The research also found  that States that had expanded Medicaid experienced 1.6 fewer maternal  deaths per 100,000 women than States that refused to expand Medicaid.   As folks might remember, the law allowed States to expand Medicaid,  but a number of States had not taken advantage of that. There is a  clear advantage for States that expanded on this indicator for maternal  mortality.   A second finding, in addition to reducing maternal mortality, is that  Medicaid expansion has also been associated with a significant  reduction in infant mortality.   A study published in the American Journal of Public Health in April  of 2018 found that the decline in infant mortality was more than 50  percent greater in States that expanded Medicaid, compared to those  that did not. So there is a second finding on infant mortality.   Beyond improving health surrounding childbirth, Medicaid expansion  improves access to family planning. A University of Michigan study  found that one-third of women enrolled in the State of Michigan's  expanded Medicaid Program reported that their coverage improved access  to birth control and family planning services.   Michelle Moniz, a doctor, the study's lead author, concluded that her  team's findings ``suggest that the expansion provided an important  service for populations with a high unmet need for family planning  care.''   So there are just three examples and three different studies, with  one validating the benefit of Medicaid expansion to reduce maternal  mortality. So fewer pregnant mothers are dying, in the case of one  study, because of Medicaid expansion.   The second study is talking about reducing infant mortality because  of Medicaid expansion, and the third says that, because of Medicaid  expansion, there is improving access to family planning.   So those are just three examples in three different studies about the  benefit of Medicaid expansion.   Unfortunately--and it is important to put this on the record--when  you see the Republican bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act, every  one of them seems to have one thing the common: They don't simply talk  about limiting Medicaid expansion. They don't just talk about cutting  it back. A number of these proposals that we have debated here--and I  guess we only had a vote in the Senate on one--they all have in common  that they want to eliminate Medicaid expansion--not just cut it but  eliminate it.   Somehow, for some reason, and I will never understand this, my  Republican colleagues want to get rid of Medicaid expansion. They seem  to think it was a bad thing, that it was a bad result for the American  people that Medicaid expansion became law and States were able to take  advantage of it, increasing the number of people covered by something  on the order, at last count, of 12 million people.   Why is it a bad thing that 12 million people got healthcare? I will  never be able to understand that, as long as I live. Why is it wrong,  why is it bad that 12 million more people got healthcare through  Medicaid expansion?   Is it also then, by extension, a bad thing to reduce maternal  mortality? Is that a bad thing as well? Is that a bad result? Is it  also a bad result of Medicaid expansion that we were able to  [[Page S3350]]  show in States that expanded Medicaid that infant mortality goes down?  Is that a bad result? Is it a bad result in States that expanded  Medicaid, as opposed to States that did not, that in addition to the  reduction in maternal mortality and infant mortality, that there was  access to family planning? Is that a bad thing as well?   I don't think many Americans would reach that conclusion. They would  argue, I think, just upon the coverage question, that 12 million people  or more getting healthcare is an advancement--that we are all better  off when 12 million get healthcare coverage.   There seems to be a prevailing point of view here among some that if  the guy next to you gets healthcare, somehow that diminishes you. That  is contrary to all the evidence, contrary to all the studies about  coverage. But in the case of Medicaid expansion, it is not simply that  12 million more Americans got coverage, but now there is empirical data  and empirical results that tell us that maternal mortality is likely to  go down and infant mortality is likely to go down. That is a good  result.   That is why, when people talk about cutting Medicaid by a trillion  and a half over the next 10 years, or eliminating Medicaid expansion,  they have some explaining to do.   Now, maybe if they have a study showing that in States that did not  expand Medicaid they have a strategy to get infant mortality numbers  down and maternal mortality numbers down, let's hear the competing  argument. I haven't heard that, though. I am still waiting for it.   Here is another good result of Medicaid expansion. It has also proven  to be a potent tool for reducing--this is according to the Protect Our  Care report from yesterday. Again, I am still quoting from it. Medicaid  expansion has proven to be a potent tool for reducing racial  disparities in healthcare. Black babies are twice as likely, according  to this report, as White babies to be born at low birth weight, and are  1.5 times as likely to be born prematurely.   One study published in the Journal of the American Medical  Association in April 2019 found that when considering low birthweight  babies and preterm birth outcomes overall, Medicaid expansion was  associated with significant improvements in relative disparities for  Black infants compared with White infants in States that expanded  Medicaid versus those that did not--significant improvements in  relative disparities. That is a good result we know about now--not a  theory, a good result from Medicaid expansion.   I will give you another one. This is about opioid use disorder. I  have no doubt that the problems we have had all across the country--the  epidemic of substance use disorder, a subset of that being the problems  with opioid addiction--and all of the horror and misery and  skyrocketing deaths from that scourge, that public health emergency--I  have no doubt that the concern about that is bipartisan. We have done a  lot of bipartisan work here in the Senate to dedicate new dollars-- billions and billions of dollars--to help on that. The only problem is,  we need many billions more just to meet the treatment needs of those  who are already in that awful grip of an opioid addiction.   We have bipartisan concern and bipartisan action. That is good. I  want to acknowledge that. But here is the problem: When it comes to  Medicaid expansion's role, there seems to be a little disconnect  between and among Members of the Senate on that.   Here is what Protect Our Care tells us: Multiple studies suggest that  Medicaid expansion plays a crucial role in improving access to  treatment for opioid use disorder.   A February 2018 Center on Budget and Policy Priorities analysis of  data from the Federal Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality found  that Medicaid expansion dramatically reduced--I will say it again-- dramatically reduced the share of opioid-related hospitalizations in  which patients were uninsured, so making sure that more people in the  grip of that addiction who present themselves for help actually have  insurance coverage.   Here is a quotation from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities  study: ``The share of hospitalizations in which the patient was  uninsured fell dramatically in states that expanded Medicaid: from 13.4  percent in 2013 (the year before expansion took effect) to just 2.9  percent two years later.'' So it went from roughly 13 percent down to  basically just 3 percent. So that is another result.   I have to ask the question again. Why is it a bad thing that roughly  12 million people got health insurance through Medicaid expansion? Why  is it a bad thing that Medicaid expansion now has a demonstrated track  record on reducing infant mortality and maternal mortality and helping  begin to bridge a racial disparity between a child who happens to be an  African American child versus a child who is not? Why is that a bad  thing?   Why would you propose, with that track record--and I am only  mentioning a few--why would you propose eliminating the program? That  seems to be the prevailing point of view in virtually every healthcare  bill that is offered on this side of the aisle--to take Medicaid  expansion and eliminate it over time. Why would you do that?   I could understand better the argument where they said: Well, look,  we have a new idea. We have an idea that will reduce infant mortality,  maternal mortality, bridge some of those racial gaps, and cover 12  million people with a new program, a new approach. I would listen a  little then and maybe consider their ideas. But when you call for the  elimination over and over again of a program with that track record in  just a couple of years--and this isn't longitudinal data over decades;  we know right away the benefits of more people getting coverage, more  children getting treatment, and people in the grip of an opioid  addiction having insurance and therefore having coverage.   In Pennsylvania, there are tens of thousands of people--not  thousands, tens of thousands--who are getting treatment for an opioid  or substance use disorder condition solely because they happen to live  in a State that expanded Medicaid. If they lived in a State that didn't  expand it, they would be pretty much on their own when it comes to  getting treatment or services for that kind of an addiction.   I really have trouble understanding what my colleagues have  presented. If you want to introduce a bill to change healthcare, I  think it is incumbent upon you to have an alternative, have a better  way of covering as many people, have coverage that is affordable, and  have a strategy that will accomplish what we have already accomplished  through the Affordable Care Act. That number is even bigger. It is the  Medicaid expansion number plus folks who get their coverage through the  exchanges. That number is above 20 million.   So if you have a better proposal, you ought to present it. But they  haven't. That is unfortunate because now we are facing the prospect of  not just proposals that could pass and be signed into law by this  President that would destroy the opportunity for 20 million people to  have healthcare, but a big share of that would be cutting Medicaid  expansion.   The other part that is a direct threat to Medicaid itself is the  lawsuit making its way through a Federal court. I have heard a number  of my colleagues say: Oh, no, we want to preserve protections for  preexisting conditions. We want to preserve most of Medicaid. We want  to cut the costs, and we want to preserve it.   Well, if you have those goals, if you say you are really for having  all those consumer protections from the Affordable Care Act, and if you  really care about seniors getting into nursing homes because of  Medicaid and you care and you want to preserve that, and you care about  kids with disabilities who have their healthcare through Medicaid and  you want to preserve their healthcare, and you want to preserve  healthcare for kids from low-income families through Medicaid--if you  believe all that, you have to oppose the lawsuit. You can't make the  argument that you care about those Americans and you care about  healthcare and protections and all of that and then say you support the  lawsuit. You have to come out against the lawsuit.    Make a statement--you should if you are serious about it, if you are  honest about it--or maybe file something with the Federal court, maybe  a formal filing to say: Here is why I oppose the  [[Page S3351]]  lawsuit. File a brief. Do something. But at least tell the American  people the truth. If you are going to be for preserving these kinds of  protections, you can't be for the lawsuit. In fact, you would have to  be unalterably opposed to the lawsuit if you really care about those  kinds of major healthcare issues, including Medicaid.   If you were really concerned about Medicaid and you wanted to  preserve most of it and you had ideas about how to change it for the  better, you can't support the sabotage by the administration because  the effect in a number of these States with these waivers is that  people lose their Medicaid coverage--as I said, we now know that in  2018, 18,000 people in Arkansas lost coverage. That will be replicated  in other States. Tennessee now is one of the States considering a  block-grant proposal. Utah--I mentioned what they are doing--tying  Medicaid to the State budget, instead of covering folks who are  eligible as opposed to tying coverage and care to how much money is in  the State budget.   I think that if you are going to make an argument in favor of  Medicaid, you have to oppose the lawsuit and you have to stop the  sabotage.   The third thing you can do to be honest about what you say you  believe in--and constructive here--is to say we shouldn't cut Medicaid  by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years, as the administration  proposed. Just say you are against what the administration proposed and  you don't think we should cut it by $1.5 trillion. And you should add  your opposition to the cuts to Medicare. The administration proposal is  to cut Medicare by $845 billion over 10 years. You should oppose that  as well.   If you do that--if you oppose the sabotage, oppose the lawsuit, and  oppose the budget cuts--then we can have a conversation about lowering  the cost of healthcare, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, and  preserving Medicaid as much as humanly possible even when costs go up.  It is pretty apparent to me that a lot of Americans rely upon Medicaid.   How about if you represent a State, for example, that has a  substantial rural population? I represent the State of Pennsylvania,  which has 67 counties, but 48 of them are considered rural. We have a  lot of rural communities, a lot of counties where there may not be  agriculture in every corner, but there are a lot of small towns and a  lot of rural communities, and they tend to be one and the same. These  are communities that are faced with several levels of challenges. They  often have job loss because a substantial employer has left. They often  have infrastructure problems because they have a lot of bridges that  are structurally deficient. They have all kinds of other economic  challenges that sometimes relate to the markets and agriculture and so  many other problems. Many of these communities also have a so-called  digital divide--they are living in a county where 40, 50, 60 percent of  the people who live in that county don't have access to broadband,  high-speed internet.   In addition to all those problems in some rural areas, they also have  a problem with healthcare access. The good news here is that there are  a lot of kids in rural areas who get their healthcare through--guess  what--Medicaid. Big numbers. In some places, the numbers of children  covered by Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program are  much higher than in urban areas.   In a rural area, if you start cutting Medicaid and eliminating  Medicaid expansion, as many around here want to do, you are not only  going to hurt a child in an urban community or in a small town, but you  are also going to hurt a child in a rural community very badly.   It gets worse from there. If you cut Medicaid, rural hospitals that  are already on the brink of failure or bankruptcy or at least downturn  in their ability to balance their budgets--a lot of those rural  hospitals will fail. We know that. The data is pretty clear on that.   If all of your focus is on a rural area and you think rural children  should have the chance for good-quality healthcare, and if you think  rural hospitals--sometimes the biggest employers in a community--should  remain open, you should really care about Medicaid. You should really  be worried about proposals to cut it by $1.5 trillion over a decade, as  the administration proposes. You should be very concerned about  proposals to eliminate Medicaid expansion because guess what is another  challenge in a lot of these communities--the opioid substance use  disorder crisis.   My colleagues are here, and I want to make sure they have an  opportunity to weigh in as well. We are privileged to be joined by two  colleagues.   I yield the floor to my colleague from the State of Oregon, the  senior Senator from the State of Oregon.   