 Madam Speaker, and still I rise with love of  country in my heart and, I must say, I rise today, unfortunately, some  146 days since the Mueller report was released, some 48 days since Mr.  Mueller testified, some 48 days for the President to be above the law  since the testimony of Mr. Mueller, 146 days above the law  [[Page H7562]]  since the report was presented to Congress.   And still I rise, with a very special message, however. I want people  to know that there is more than hope. I rise today to say that there  will be an impeachment. The President will be impeached.   Some things bear repeating.   The President will be impeached. There will be a vote taken sometime  this week, I am told, for the Judiciary Committee to make some sort of  official announcement.   I rise to say that the President will be impeached, in spite of some  and because of others.   I rise today to say that he will be impeached because the hands of  history are piloting his ship of fate. And I believe that history will  not allow us, the Members of this august body, to allow the President  to be above the law. I believe that if we fail to do so, it would make  Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution meaningless. It would have no  application to the term that we quite often use, ``no person is above  the law.'' We would then have to say: No person is above the law,  saving at least one person.   Article II, Section 4, if it is to have meaning, means that the  President will be impeached. So I rise to stand here on the floor of  the House and announce that it will happen.   But there is one question that is outstanding, and that is whether  the bigotry emanating from the Presidency is going to be a part of that  impeachment.   I believe that if the radical Republicans in 1868 could impeach  Andrew Johnson, who was the bigot of his time, if they could impeach  Andrew Johnson, it seems to me we ought to be able to impeach this  President for bigotry emanating from the Presidency as well.   Andrew Johnson was opposed to the Freedmen's Bureau. He fought the  notion that the persons who had been freed should have the same  liberties that other in this country enjoyed, and he was impeached.  Republicans did it. Radical Republicans did it.   I believe that we ought to have the same standard today that we had  in 1868, and if we should, I believe that there will be an impeachment.  So I am announcing today that there will be an impeachment.   One final point. After the vote, whenever it takes place in the  Judiciary Committee, I will have some additional special statements to  make, but I am reserving them for after the vote.   I love my country. Democracy hangs in the balance. Liberty and  justice for all must prevail. And if it is to prevail, there must be  and will be an impeachment. The hands of history are piloting the ship  of fate.   And still I rise.   