 Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished chairman of the  Water, Oceans, and Wildlife Subcommittee for the time and for his  longstanding leadership on this issue. And also, I thank the 182  Members of Congress who support H.R. 1146.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to strongly support this legislation, H.R.  1146, a bill to protect the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge from the  irreversible impacts of oil and gas drilling.   This bill would undo a particular terrible provision that was slipped  into the 2017 Republican tax bill with no debate in this Chamber, no  amendments in this Chamber, and no votes in this Chamber.   The Republican Party was not content with merely giving trillions of  dollars of tax cuts to the wealthiest companies and individuals in this  country, tax cuts that have driven us deeper into debt without any of  the positives the bill sponsors promised; at the same time they were  handing out trillions of dollars to their friends and donors, they  threw in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for their oil and gas  buddies. They promised that this would be done right, as if destroying  a pristine wilderness and threatening the survival of an entire Tribe's  way of life can ever be done right.   But then the Trump administration took over. Since then, we have had  rushed environmental reviews so they could try to get a lease sale done  in 1 year, 2 years quicker than the schedule laid out in the tax bill.   We have seen evidence of the concerns of career scientists being  ignored or overridden, and we have seen the Assistant Secretary in  charge of making this lease sale happen jump ship and, after a long 3- day cooling off weekend, start at an oil company that has leases right  next to the refuge.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge should never have been opened,  and even those who want to see it develop should recoil at the idea  that this is now in the hands of Donald Trump and his buddies.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge has nothing to do with national  security, has nothing to do with gas prices, and has nothing to do with  energy independence. It has to do with greed, plain and simple.   This administration simply can't stand the idea that there are some  places that the oil and gas industry shouldn't be allowed to destroy.  They can't believe that there are some places that deserve to be  protected. They can't imagine there being anything more important than  profits.    I don't agree. At some point, we have to say: Stop. You have enough.   We are the number one producer of oil and gas in the world, and  production is going up.   The administration is repealing regulations left and right and  reduced land or wildlife protections on over 150 million acres of  public land. The oil and gas industry has enough. They shouldn't get  the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as well.  [[Page H7675]]    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote for this legislation.   