 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me  time to speak on this important issue.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this rule. I think we are talking past each  other, as the previous gentleman from Maine just indicated. We want the  government to reopen, but we want something called border security. I  am told that this bill has $1 billion in it for border security, but we  are not going to build a wall.   Now, here is the thing that happens. Down in Arizona, where we live-- we don't live 2,000 miles away from that southern border where the  immigration problem is that the illegal border crossings are  monumental--we actually see the humanitarian crisis. That crisis exists  when people, who are coming to America, they don't go through the ports  of entry, they are going between the ports of entry, in some of the  most rugged land and terrain in the world, coming down from the Sierra  Madres in northern Mexico in the summertime, blazing heat of 120  degrees or more; in the winter time, the evenings cool down to the 20s.  [[Page H686]]    I saw people, just yesterday, being shown on the news, who are  getting ready to try to make this trek. They are carrying plastic  grocery bags with their supplies. They are dressed casually. They have  no comprehension of the danger that they are bringing to themselves  when they are coming across. It is a humanitarian crisis. Do you know  what a border wall would do? It would provide a deterrent.   In the San Diego-San Ysidro port of entry, when that border wall was  created, crossings declined almost 90 percent. It forced people to a  different place. They began crossing away from the ports of entry at  San Diego over to Arizona and Texas. So we built a wall around the Yuma  port of entry. Do you know what happened? Those crossings decreased 75  to 80 percent. They moved on to more dangerous places in the desert,  down towards Nogales, between Nogales and South Bisbee, between Naco  and the Douglas port of entry. More than 100 individual's bodies were  found last year trying to enter. It is a humanitarian crisis.   The opioids that come across the southern border: 141 tons of heroin  seized coming across the southern border last year; 140 tons of cocaine  seized coming across the southern border.   When I hear people say border security, they start talking about  drones and unmanned aerial vehicles and sensors and cameras. Guess  what? That does not deter anyone. We get to watch the videos of people  coming across. But do you know what a wall does? It channelizes people.  It forces them to go to places where we can interdict them. We provide  hundreds of millions of dollars of humanitarian aid to people who are  risking their lives trying to enter this country.   If it wasn't so serious, I would find it laughable to hear folks say,  ``We are putting $1 billion into this as border security,'' because  they don't want a political victory for President Trump. It is not  about political victories. It is about national security, it is about  humanitarian concern, and you are not going to get a better bang for  your buck than to build a border wall.   