 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last month I came to the floor to talk about  the need to confront our country's surging deficits and debt.   At the time, we had just considered a supplemental disaster  appropriations bill that would spend billions of dollars beyond the  statutory budget caps without any pretense of offsetting that spending,  and I called for Congress to better budget for disasters.   Now, prompted by reports issued last week by Social Security and  Medicare trustees that show these programs remain on an unsustainable  path, I again come to the floor to sound the alarm over our country's  long-term fiscal health. With trillion-dollar annual deficits expected  to return soon and our national debt now topping $22 trillion, we  cannot afford to keep ignoring the warning signs that we are on a  dangerous fiscal course.   The trustees estimate that Social Security's combined trust funds  will be insolvent by 2035. Sounds like way down the road? I don't think  so. Medicare's Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will become insolvent even  sooner, by 2026.   Over the next 75 years, Medicare's and Social Security's combined  scheduled expenditures are projected to exceed their dedicated revenues  by more than $59 trillion, or 35 percent, on a present-value basis.  Within 10 years, Social Security and Medicare alone will account for  more than half of all Federal noninterest spending.   We are facing a strong demographic headwind. Let me say that again.  We are facing a strong demographic headwind. An aging population and  rising healthcare costs continue to increase the gulf between mandatory  program spending and dedicated revenues.   For decades, experts have warned of the budget pressures we would  face as members of the baby boom generation aged and became eligible  for Medicare and Social Security. Congress hasn't paid much attention  to that crisis. Every day, roughly 10,000 Americans turn 65, and they  are living longer than they were when these programs were conceived. I  guess that is a good thing, but it places additional strain on the  program finances and the Federal budget.   Without changes to current law, all Social Security and Medicare  beneficiaries will see automatic across-the-board reductions in  benefits when the respective funds run out of money. Of course, the  political pressure would be enormous to avoid the automatic cuts, but  with our country already facing $22 trillion in debt, further raiding  of the U.S. Treasury's general fund is not an option. It could cause a  borrowing crisis.   First, let me focus on Social Security. At the end of last year,  Social Security provided payments to 63 million beneficiaries,  including 47 million retired workers and their dependents, 6 million  survivors of deceased workers, and 10 million disabled workers and  their dependents.   As I mentioned, Social Security's combined trust funds are slated to  become depleted in 2035. That means that in 16 years' time, when  today's 46-year-olds first become eligible for retirement benefits, the  program will only be able to pay about 80 percent of the scheduled  benefits, according to the trustees.   Think about that. Absent action from Congress, we are just 16 years  away from not being able to pay full benefits, and that is full  benefits to those who are retired right now, as well as those who are  upcoming. It is no longer a far-off concern.   Let me turn now to the Medicare Program, which is an even more  pressing problem.   The trustees estimate that in 2026, Medicare's Hospital Insurance  Trust Fund--which covers inpatient hospital services, hospice care,  skilled nursing facilities, and home health services--will be depleted.   Once the fund becomes insolvent, absent a change in the law, Medicare  can only pay hospital benefits up to an amount of revenue that comes  into the trust fund in that given year. It is the same thing for Social  Security. Anticipating that money will be worth as much and that  inflation will not have driven it up even more, the trustees estimate  that in 2026, revenues will cover only 89 percent of program costs and  by 2046, that figure will decline to 77 percent--pretty hefty cuts.    Medicare's other trust fund, which primarily pays for physician  services and prescription drugs, operates differently. While it isn't  in danger of insolvency because it gets money from the Treasury's  general fund and the premiums it collects from beneficiaries are  adjusted annually, its growing costs will put greater pressure on  premium-paying beneficiaries and on Federal taxpayers. That is where  the excess comes from.   Last year, general revenue transfers into the trust fund equaled 16.2  percent of all personal and corporate Federal income taxes collected by  the Federal Government. By the end of the 75-year window, the trustees  expect this figure to increase to more than 28 percent. That would be  more than 28 percent of all personal and corporate Federal income taxes  collected by the Federal Government.   For years, the trustees of Social Security and Medicare have warned  that these programs are unsustainable. Let me repeat that again. For  years, the trustees of Social Security and Medicare have warned that  these programs are on an unsustainable path, but successive Congresses  and administrations have continued a bipartisan tradition of ignoring  this uncomfortable fact.   Of course, ignoring the problem will not make it go away. In this  case, the opposite is true. The longer we wait to make financial  repairs to Social Security and Medicare, the more severe the changes  needed to ensure their insolvency will have to be.   We must work together, on a bipartisan basis, to find long-term  solutions that secure the future of these programs. The earlier we do  it, the less painful it is. When considering a $59 trillion problem  like this, there are no quick fixes or easy choices, but the sooner we  act, the easier it will be to preserve Social Security and Medicare for  the millions of Americans who depend on them and who will be depending  on them, while safeguarding the programs for even more future  generations.   To be clear, I want to make sure Social Security and Medicare are  able to  [[Page S2599]]  continue providing benefits to current beneficiaries, as well as those  who may need these programs in the future. If we don't make changes to  the way these programs currently operate, in the future, a lot of  people will just be out of luck. In order to prevent that from  happening, we have to work together, and we have to consider a wide  variety of options to ensure their solvency in the long term.   While we may disagree on what the ideal solution might look like, I  hope we can all agree on the need to put our mandatory spending  programs and the broader Federal budget on a long-term, sustainable  fiscal course. That means having the revenues match up with the costs.  They don't now. There are deficits already, and the funds are being  depleted.   I ask for everyone's help to solve this. It can only be done if both  sides of the aisle agree to do something.   I thank you for your attention.   I yield the floor.   