 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, China is no doubt a Communist country.  It also has the largest population on Earth, which means it has the  largest consumer market on Earth. It is a growing economy, although it  has had a significant slowdown in the previous couple of years. It is a  $400 billion market for the United States currently, in our trade, and  it is a significant place of trade when dealing with agriculture in  particular.   We have a lot of issues and differences with China, but we should be  able to work out those differences long term, as we do with every other  nation. We have to resolve some of these things.   I am proud that the administration is full force taking on the issue  of China. Over the past couple of decades, every administration has  tried to work out some kind of ongoing conversation with China on  trade, and all of them have been somewhat successful, but significant  issues are still prevailing. This administration has had a singular  focus on trade in dealing with China and trying to resolve those issues  with them, and I hope it is successful long term. I hope that we will  be very specific in how we actually handle that strategy and that at  the end of it, we will still be openly trading and reducing some of  those barriers.   It is a Communist country. It doesn't always play by the rules. It  also uses some of the rules to its own advantage in ways unlike any  other country. For instance, when they joined the WTO--the World Trade  Organization--they self-declared themselves as a ``developing nation.''  Developing nations are able to waive a lot of the World Trade  Organization rules because they are developing. May I remind this body  that China is the second largest economy in the world--second only to  ours? They are not a developing nation. They have used the rules of WTO  to call themselves developing so they do not have to live up to the  international standard of basic trade.   On March 22, 2018, President Trump signed a Memorandum on Actions by  the United States related to what is called a 301 investigation. They  are targeting what the White House calls ``economic aggression'' from  China. Let me give some specifics on that.   China uses joint venture requirements on any foreign investment. They  want to have ownership in those companies actually doing business  there. They put pressure on technology firms to transfer their  technology to China if they are going to actually sell to China. The  result of that is that they may not take the product that is  manufactured there, that those original companies sell back to the  United States, but they will take that information and then actually  sell to other parts of the world from that stolen information from a  technology transfer.   Akin to that, China maintains unfair licensing practices. Typically,  in other parts of the world, our intellectual property that we have is  guarded by that nation, or we actually have a licensing agreement with  them that is fair market value. Not so with China. They put pressure on  entities and actually cheat and steal our intellectual property at  times. That doesn't happen with every company but especially certain  types of firms, where, long term, China wants to produce it on their  own rather than buy it from other countries. If that production is done  in China, China will take the intellectual property, and the plan is  clearly to then take that intellectual property and use it for  themselves in the days ahead.   China is notorious for supporting cyber intrusions to take the  information that they can't get, especially from American companies or  Western companies. If there is a design they are interested in, whether  that be an airplane or 3D printing or whatever it may be that is  designed somewhere else, they reach in and try to hack and steal it.  This is not recent; this has been going on for quite a while. In 2014,  the Department of Justice indicted five Chinese military actors for  cyber espionage against multiple U.S. corporations. Recently, in 2017,  the Department of Justice charged three Chinese nationals with hacking  and theft of trade secrets. And it goes on and on.   Just in the past couple of weeks, the World Trade Organization has  agreed with the United States in our complaint against China and how  they handle agriculture subsidies. Agriculture subsidies from any  country are limited in that country, but China uses large ag subsidies  through their farmers and ag companies to subsidize those products with  state taxes. Let me give an example of that. Thirty-two percent of the  return for rice in China is a government subsidy back to rice farmers.   I have heard folks say: Well, in the United States, we also have a  farm program. We have a farm bill. We provide subsidies as well.   That is true, but our rice farmers have a 2-percent subsidy. Chinese  rice farmers have a 32-percent subsidy.   The World Trade Organization agreed with us on this, and they have  determined that China is in violation and the United States can  retaliate on that.    China is using that policy and abusing that policy on subsidizing. It  is not only causing problems in China and with trade with China and  their pricing, what they sell for, it is also causing uncertainty  worldwide. Let me give a for-instance. Cotton farming. Oklahoma is big  in cotton farming, but China has oversubsidized cotton for years  through its cotton farmers, and so they are overproducing what they  need or what they can sell. Currently,  [[Page S1783]]  60 percent of the world's cotton supplies are stacked up in China, just  in piles, not being used anywhere, but because China is subsidizing  people to produce it, they are overproducing it in mass quantities.  They have nowhere to send it, and they are just stacking cotton up in  piles. The same thing with wheat. Forty percent of the world's wheat  supplies are currently piled up in stacks in China. That destabilizes  worldwide wheat prices and worldwide cotton prices because no one knows  what China is going to do with that massive stack. WTO has considered  them to be in violation for that, and we are allowed to reach back and  retaliate.   The United States is not the only one watching China's trade policies  and how they actually interact and the subsidies they give; the rest of  the world sees this same issue with China. They would engage with us  more to cooperate and push back on China, but currently, we have so  many steel and aluminum tariffs on our friends around the world that  they are not engaging with us to the level they could be to have a  clear focus against China.   We need to not isolate our friends but gather friends and say that  China and their policies are clearly a worldwide issue, and it needs to  be resolved. Worldwide collaboration is going to be the only way that  we are going to really isolate an economy as large as China.   I encourage our administration to resolve trade issues worldwide and  resolve tariff issues with our friends worldwide. Instead of saying it  is a national security threat with Canada and Mexico and others, and so  we need to have steel and aluminum tariffs, see the real national  security threat that we have from China, and gather a cooperative group  and focus on that one area.   One of those areas is those 301 tariffs that I mentioned before. Any  tariffs that go into place must first and foremost not hurt American  consumers, American companies, and American workers. My concern is that  301 tariffs--as they have grown--will hurt and are currently hurting  American consumers, American employees, and American companies.   The 301 tariffs--these are products that are manufactured in China.  They are often designed so the engineering, the marketing, all of those  things, the design of those--the intellectual property is here in the  United States. Companies in the United States look for manufacturing  expertise. They find expertise in certain types of products, like  electronics, lighting, and other things, where there is a lot of that  manufacturing and expertise--in China. It is a natural thing to say:  There is a large body of groups and individuals and technology that is  already there to do it. Let's do the manufacturing there and the design  and engineering here.   It makes sense just on the supply chain function.   This administration has laid down tariffs--so far, three different  tiers of tariffs.   The first tier. Every American company was allowed to say ``Is there  any other place that can do it?'' and to ask for exclusions through  that process. If they could find exclusions, they could petition the  government and get out of it.   The second tier. They were also allowed to ask for exclusions through  the process, to ask for basically a waiver, to say: This is the best  place to do it. There is no other competition. There is no one  pressuring us not to do it here.   But when the third and largest tier came out--$200 billion in  products--no exclusion process was given for these American companies.  A 10-percent tariff was laid down on these companies. Here is what that  means. If you are a company that produces a consumer electronic or  lighting or one of the other resources that is manufactured in China,  most of the people you are selling it to--you made a contract a year or  two ago on what the price would be.   Whether selling to Lowe's or Home Depot or Walmart or Best Buy or  whatever it may be, you made a deal about how much you are going to  sell that product for and how much you are going to sell. With a 10- percent tariff laid down, who pays that tariff? It is not going to be  the end user initially because the contract has already been made. It  is not going to be the Chinese manufacturing location. It is going to  be the companies doing the production in the United States. The  American workers and the American companies pay the brunt of all of  those, and, by the way, there is no way to file an exemption on this  group. For $200 billion worth of products, Americans are actually  facing the brunt of that.   So far, Americans have paid $12 billion in tariffs. It is not  punishing the Chinese; it is punishing us. By the end of the year, if  this continues, those contracts will have run out, and they will be  repricing consumer electronics products all over the country, and the  American consumer will be the one to pay higher prices on this. So 301  tariffs disproportionately hurt those in the middle class and those in  poverty who have fixed incomes. This needs to be resolved.   First and foremost, there needs to be a way to have a waiver process.  As we have done in the first two sections, there is no opportunity to  get it out of the third and largest group. It is a reasonable thing for  American companies to say: How can we actually produce this?   I have partnered with Senator Coons in the Senate and Representatives  Kind and Walorski in the House, and we put together a basic bill  dealing with import tax relief, dealing with this 301, laying down for  the first time how we would actually manage tariffs in the days ahead  and what exclusion process there would be and has to be.   It is reasonable to have a predictable level to benefit the American  consumer, especially those in poverty and with fixed incomes, and to  benefit American workers. We can't have tariffs on a foreign country  that actually hurt American workers. That is an issue we still have to  resolve. I am glad to have a partnership with Senator Coons to work on  that, and we hope to get that done this year to guard workers for the  future.   Along with that, in any trade negotiations, we have what is called  trade promotion authority. We have basic standards. An example would be  environmental concerns. We don't want to work with another country that  is ignoring environmental concerns. We are concerned about where we are  in the environment--the air we breathe and the water we drink. That is  important to us as Americans because we want to protect our families.  We understand it pushes up the cost of some products, but the long-term  benefit is greater, and we are very careful in evaluating our  regulations. When we overregulate and it drives up costs, we push back  on that, saying that we don't want to overregulate and drive up costs,  but we want to have clean air and water.   For the Chinese, that is not so. In many areas of China, you can't  breathe, and on a regular daily basis people wear masks over their  faces because of the exhaust, the fumes, and the toxic air they  breathe, based on their limitations on the environmental quality of the  air. It is becoming a worldwide issue because of the amount of trash  the Chinese are allowing to go into the Pacific Ocean, filling the  Pacific Ocean with plastic and trash.   Part of our trade promotion authority and one of the agreements we  have is to lean in and have dialogue with individuals we trade with,  saying that we want to resolve trade issues, but we also want to  protect our environment, and we think it is a reasonable thing to do.   It is reasonable, as Americans, to place a high value on religious  liberty and human rights. It is part of our trade promotion authority  and, in fact, an area I worked very hard to get implemented as a part  of our trade promotion authority--that when we negotiate trade issues  with countries, we also deal with the basic issue of human rights and  freedom of religion.   We, as Americans, believe that our religious belief is our most  precious private property, and no government should be able to step in  and steal private property. Your most private possession is your faith.  Every individual should have the right to have any faith they choose,  be able to change their faith, or have no faith at all. That should be  their choice, but that is not so in China right now.   In fact, in 1999, the State Department designated China as what is  called ``a country of particular concern.'' This  [[Page S1784]]  deals with the issue of religious freedom in their country and China's  aggressive move to limit religious freedom in their country. Recently,  President Xi has worked toward secularization of religion to try to  make everything in the country--every area--equal and the same,  stripping away religious symbols from buildings of all types, stripping  away religious practice that is not approved by the Government of  China. This discrimination has impacted Tibetan Buddhists, Muslims,  Catholics, and Falun Gong practitioners. It has led to the destruction  of houses of worship, demolition of religious educational institutions,  restrictions in the practice and study of faith by people of whatever  culture or language, restrictions on religious attire, religious  rituals, and imprisonment of religious leaders and followers.   In fact, right now we are tracking the imprisonment of a pastor named  Pastor Cao. Pastor Cao and his wife are American citizens, and his  children are American citizens. He is allowed to have legal residency  in the United States, but 2 years ago as of this month, he was  imprisoned in China.   Pastor Cao has a hearing coming up on the 22nd of this month, and we  hope for Pastor Cao and for his family that hearing happens. It has  been postponed again and again.   On the 22nd of March, we anticipate the Chinese Government will have  his hearing and will give him a moment to have this finally resolved.  There is no reason for Pastor Cao to be in prison right now.   We don't want to see, in China, forced reeducation facilities,  intimidation, lack of medical attention for people of faith. Let's see  for the people of China what people worldwide have the opportunity to  have--freedom of religion. In our trade conversations we think it is  highly advisable to engage in that type of dialogue for people like  Pastor Cao, whose children are looking forward to holding him in their  arms again and for him to be released.   China is an important part of the worldwide conversation. They are a  powerful nation. We should be able to work together on key issues. The  Chinese Government needs to determine how they are going to trade and  if they are a developing country or if they are really a worldwide  leader.   We need to determine how we are going to do fair trade with them, and  we need to determine who they are going to be on the world stage,  dealing with human rights and dignity. It is not all about sameness of  a world; this is about the power of the individual within the country.   I am sure the people of China are very proud of their country. We  would love to engage with the people of China, and we appreciate their  engagement with us as we receive thousands of Chinese students and  visitors every single year.   This is a point where we should resolve the trade issues that have  been lingering for decades now, and we hope we can get to an agreement  that is right, from our administration being attentive so that the  tariffs don't hurt our own citizens to the Chinese economy that is  slowing down due to the ongoing trade conversation. Let's work toward  the benefit of all of our people to see if we can't resolve trade  issues together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   