 Will the Senator yield for a unanimous consent request?    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the  conclusion of the remarks of the Senator from Mississippi, I be  recognized for such time as I may consume.    Mr. President, I am looking forward to joining in on this  discussion that is taking place right now on what is happening with  these people and Oklahoma's role in this. Jim Bridenstine is a fairly  recent Director of NASA, and he is committed to reestablishing our  position of leadership. We haven't really lost it, but it hasn't been  as prominent as it has been in the past.   We have people like Tom Stafford. I talk to Tom Stafford almost on a  daily basis. He is still around. He is still active. He still rejoices  in the fact that we are reestablishing our position, and I am very  excited about that.   I wasn't going to talk about that today. I think that is going to be  tomorrow.   There is another area in which President Trump and the Republican  Senate have had great success, and that is in remaking the Federal  judiciary. As of this week, we have confirmed 43 appellate judges. That  is more at this 2\1/2\-year point than in any other President's term in  the history of this country. That is what is going on, and it goes  unnoticed. These judicial confirmations have real impact.   Here is a great example. This week, the Ninth Circuit--the  notoriously liberal appellate court in California--ruled that portions  of President Trump's ``Project Life'' rule can--not can't, can--go into  effect. This is a commonsense rule.   All it says is that in States that receive title X funding, it cannot  be used by clinics to provide abortions. We calculate that this would  have the result of defunding Planned Parenthood by about an initial $60  million annually. It is a great start to defunding the abortion-on- demand culture, and it is possible only because President Trump and  Leader McConnell have rightly made remaking the Federal judiciary a top  priority.   What I want to talk about is something we need to talk about now  because it has not been called to the attention of the American people,  and that is about the great work being done in this administration to  better our environment.   When you say that perhaps it can be argued the Trump administration  may go down as one of the truly great environmental administrations,  nobody will believe that. In my lifetime and in my history, I have  never seen a President so detested by members of the media. So people,  consequently, don't know, with the exception of a few tweets. I admit  that I cringe a little bit when I hear a new tweet coming out. But,  look, if that is the only way you can get the truth out, it is  something that has worked, and it has been very effective.   We have a White House dedicated to clean air, land, and water by  cutting excessive, duplicative regulations. Based on what you see in  the media, you would think this President turned his back on the  environment, but it has been just the opposite. We are seeing  significant progress in environmental protection that we have not seen  in any other administration. Americans should know the truth about how  this administration is leading the world in environmental gains, all  the while growing the economy.   People say: Well, you can't do that. That can't be done. You can't  increase economic activity at the same time as making environmental  gains.   But that is actually happening.   Look at the chart behind me. There are a couple facts most Americans  really don't know. They had no way of knowing, until now. Since 1970,  combined emissions of the six common pollutants--we are talking about  the recognized six common pollutants out there--dropped by 74 percent  while the U.S. economy grew by 275 percent.   Is it possible that could happen? It did happen because there it is  right there--all this economic activity, all this growth. The bottom  line is the aggregate emissions of the six common pollutants. There  they are, going down. That is because this administration knows what it  is doing and has the commitment that other people are not aware of.    Now look at CO2. We have had debates over the years about  whether or not CO2 is one of the pollutants. It is not one  of the six common pollutants, but nonetheless it is one that people  seem to be looking at.   Since 2005 the United States' energy-related CO2 emissions  fell by 14 percent, while global energy-related CO2  emissions increased by over 20 percent. We are talking about all the  emissions increased, and still we had a reduction.  [[Page S4891]]    Despite this drop in emissions, in 2018 the United States became the  world's leading producer of oil and natural gas and a net exporter of  oil and natural gas fossil fuels for the first time in 75 years. I am  particularly proud of this. I am from an oil State, the State of  Oklahoma. I know how many jobs are tied to it. I know what has happened  to our economy, and a lot of that can be attributed to using the proper  energy sources that we have available to us.   This administration has proven that we don't have to impose massive  tax increases or regulatory burdens on American families in order to  reduce pollution. We are reducing pollution, clearly. Democrats often  say the United States is failing to properly reduce carbon emissions,  and this just isn't true.   Look at chart No. 2. The reality is our CO2 emissions have  been falling. In 2017 the United States led the world in CO2  emission reductions while, notably, China led in emissions.   You have to look at this. The top line is the United States. That is  reduction. We are leading the world in reductions of CO2  emissions. All the way across, at the very bottom of the page, China  has the largest increase of CO2 emissions. What a contrast  that is. It defies everything else we read about, and yet there it is.  That is the truth.   A lot of people are not aware that there is a big party which takes  place every December. It has happened now for about 21 or maybe 22  years. That is where 180 countries get together and talk about what  they are going to do to reduce CO2 emissions. We see who is  and who is not reducing CO2 emissions with this chart.   They talk about the great Paris accord, which this President wisely  took us out of. What that did was to have these countries line up, and  between India and China, they are responsible for one-fourth of all  CO2 emissions. At that time, their obligation was to  continue doing what they were doing with coal-fired plants until 2025.  Then, they will consider reducing their emissions. What kind of a  commitment is that?   Meanwhile, our President at that time was President Obama, and  President Obama made commitments that could not be kept by our country.  Yet, stop to think. We don't need to. We are already doing it. Just  look at what we are doing right now. People don't know that. China and  India represent almost half of all the global carbon emissions. We just  don't hear this in the news, and that is why we need to be talking  about it.   Another thing I bet most people don't know is that in the early  1970s, more than 40 percent of America's drinking water systems failed  basic health standards, but today 93 percent of the systems meet all  health standards all the time. In fact, the United States is ranked No.  1 in the world for clean drinking water.   Clearly, this President's environmental policies are working. We  would think environmentalists and Democrats would be praising our  President, given these undeniable successes, but instead they are  pushing for the Green New Deal. We have all heard about the Green New  Deal and what it is going to be doing. It is about a $93 trillion  program being promoted by a lot of the liberals around this environment  here in Washington. The authors of this Green New Deal spent four pages  painting the scary and inaccurate picture of our environment. Then,  they spent the next nine pages outlining their socialist agenda, aimed  at ensuring the government dictates life in America--from the car you  drive to the energy you consume.   In the Green New Deal, they talk about eliminating air traffic. That  is very nice. I don't know how people will get around.   They also want to eliminate beef. I happen to be from a beef State.  We like beef, but, apparently, there are things that cows do. They make  noise and don't smell good. So they want to eliminate beef.   They want to eliminate oil and gas altogether. You can't eliminate  oil and gas. Right now, 80 percent of our energy that we use to enjoy  life in America comes from oil and gas, and that is going to continue.  I don't see it changing in the near future.   Scientists like MIT's Richard Lindzen have been calling out climate  alarmists for years on this conspiracy to control our lives. This  flawed plan doesn't take into account that over 80 percent of the  United States' energy comes from fossil fuels--80 percent. If you  eliminate fossil fuels, how do you run this machine called America? The  answer is, you can't. Our Nation runs on American coal, oil, and gas,  and that isn't going to change any time soon.   We had a vote in the Senate on this radical Green New Deal plan, but  not a single Democrat was willing to vote for it. A lot of them voted  present. They didn't want to get on record voting for it, and yet that  is what they are promoting over in the House. They know their plan will  not work and is extremely unpopular. So they weren't going to join it.  Anytime you don't want to vote for or against something, what do you  do? You vote present.   I didn't think Democrats could be more radical than they were under  the Obama administration, but I was wrong. At least I give the Obama  administration credit for being honest about its radical war on fossil  fuels. For 8 years, President Obama targeted oil and gas producers in  States like my State of Oklahoma, but President Obama lost that fight,  and Oklahoma energy producers continue to create thousands of jobs to  fuel this machine called America.   I think back to 1990. I was here in 1990, and that is when we passed  a landmark piece of legislation called the Clean Air Act. I cosponsored  that act, and that succeeded in reducing acid rain, air pollution, and  harm to our ozone layer. It has gone down in history as one of the true  great successes that has happened in this country in terms of the  environment. We are all a part of this, and we have been successful.   Many of today's Democrats are virtually unrecognizable compared to  those back in 1990. I urge my Democratic colleagues to reject radical  socialist environmental policies, come back to reality, and support our  President's very effective approach.   I am proud of President Trump and his administration's record on  improving our Nation's environment while streamlining government  overreach. It is possible to have a thriving economy while safeguarding  our air and water.   Again, I ask you to look at this chart. Just look and see what we  have done and where we are. In spite of what you hear, we are leading  the country, under this administration, which is going to go down and  be recognized as one of the truly great environmental administrations.  I am very proud of that. I think it is time that people know it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   