 Madam Speaker, I think folks are going to have a tough  time containing their emotions today. We met in the House Rules  Committee at 8 a.m. this morning, and folks already had fuses that were  running short.   I agree with my friend from Massachusetts, enough is enough.   We had an amendment offered in the Rules Committee this morning. I  don't think most folks in this body know because folks weren't at the  Rules Committee this morning. We had an amendment offered in the Rules  Committee this morning that said, if the gentleman wants to do this new  bill that has been crafted by the Democratic majority, bring that new  bill to the floor, but let's at least consider the bipartisan bill that  passed the Senate, resoundingly, 84-8 yesterday.   I agree with my friend from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), enough is  enough, Madam Speaker. We could send a bill to the White House today to  start the money going today.   My friend from Massachusetts said: Let the Republicans talk if they  want to. We want to talk about the children.   I am tired of talking about the children. Let's serve the children.  Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's stop talking about it.   It has been almost 60 days that we have been talking about it, with  one tragic picture after another rolling across the national headlines.  Let's stop talking about it.   If folks have an alternative view, they can share alternative view as  they have, but allow us to vote on what the Senate agreed, 84-8, after  roundly rejecting the previously passed House language, was an  opportunity to serve the children today.    Madam Speaker, I don't believe the Members of this institution know  what happened in the Rules Committee this morning. I don't believe the  Members of this institution know we rejected that bipartisan  opportunity this morning. With this, under a point of order, we will  bring the Members of this institution down here to the House floor  where they will hear it themselves.   We have an opportunity to act now, as my friend from Oklahoma (Mr.  Cole) has offered. The question is: Are we going to take ``yes'' for an  answer or are we just going to continue to talk about the children?   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, the gentleman has mischaracterized my  statement.   Will the gentleman yield?   