 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor today with  a sense of great disappointment--disappointment in what my colleague,  the senior Senator from Florida, and the Republican leader have done  with the bill before us today. They have taken a bill that had broad  bipartisan support--maybe unanimous bipartisan support--and tried to  turn it into a political weapon. In the process, they are doing a great  disservice to the American people and to all of us who value the  tradition of strong, bipartisan support for our friend and ally Israel.   I am a cosponsor of the original bill, S. 2497, entitled the ``United  States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018.'' It is a  bill to codify the memorandum of understanding between the United  States and Israel. It was forged under President Obama and provides  Israel with $38 billion in security assistance over the next 10 years.  This includes $33 billion in foreign military financing funds to Israel  and $5 billion in missile defense assistance for the Iron Dome, David's  Sling, and Arrow 3.   That is a lot of money when you consider the many priorities we have  here at home and abroad. In fact, more than one-half of our entire  global foreign military financing--the security assistance we provide  to all of our partners and allies around the world--goes to Israel. In  my view, that is an important investment. It is an important investment  to support our friend and our democratic ally Israel from the many  threats it faces in a very dangerous neighborhood--threats from Iran,  Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas, and many others.   We need to make sure Israel maintains a strong military edge to  defend itself, and that is why there was strong bipartisan support for  that original bill. But then the Republican leader took a bill with  broad bipartisan support for Israel and added a provision designed to  retaliate against American citizens who express their disagreement with  certain policies of the Government of Israel by participating in  certain boycott activities. Specifically, the Senator from Florida  added a provision that encourages States throughout the country to pass  laws to punish American citizens who choose to protest the settlement  policies of the government of Prime Minister Netanyahu by either  boycotting products made in Israeli settlements in the West Bank or by  not otherwise engaging in commerce with such settlements.   I want to make this clear. While I disagree with some of the policies  adopted by the Netanyahu government in Israel, I do not--I do not--in  any way support a boycott as a method of expressing those  disagreements. Let me be equally clear. I will fiercely defend the  constitutional right of any American citizen to express his or her  views in such a peaceful way if they so choose, just as I would support  the right of every American to engage in other political boycotts to  peacefully express their political views without fear of being punished  by their government.   The Senator from Florida and apparently the Republican leader want to  use the power of the State to punish American citizens who disagree  with them on this issue. It is right here in the bill. Let me read some  of the relevant parts of the bill that is before us today: A State may  adopt and enforce measures . . . to restrict contracting by the State  for goods and services with any entity that . . . knowingly engages in  . . . boycott activity . . . intended to limit commercial relations  with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or Israeli-controlled  territories for purposes of imposing policy positions on the Government  of Israel.   How does this new provision encourage States to retaliate against  American citizens? It is pretty clear from that language. It encourages  States to pass laws to deny citizens the right to bid on any State  contract unless--unless--those citizens sign an oath stating that they  do not or will not engage in any boycott of Israel, including any  boycott related to the sale or purchase of goods or services from  Israeli settlements in the West Bank.   Think about that. Let's say you are an American citizen living in my  State of Maryland. Let's say you own a computer consulting business,  and you happen to disagree with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's  government policy of expanding settlements on the West Bank near the  city of Bethlehem, and you want to express your opposition to that  policy. Let's say you choose to protest that policy by deciding that  you will not provide your services to businesses located in those  settlements on the West Bank. If you did that, you would be prohibited  by these State laws from bidding on a contract to provide computer  consulting services to a Maryland State agency. Think about that. You  may run the best computer consulting business in the State of Maryland,  but if you don't sign an oath renouncing your right to engage in a  boycott, you cannot win any contract with the State. In other words,  even if you were the best, most qualified bidder, you would be  disqualified from winning that State contract because of your peaceful  political activity, having nothing to do with your ability to fulfill  the contract. Does that sound unconstitutional? Yes, it is blatantly  unconstitutional. And guess what. That is what two Federal courts have  already concluded about State laws that already do what Senator Rubio's  bill is proposing. I am going to review those decisions in a moment,  but before I do, let me respond to the very flimsy defense the senior  Senator from Florida and others have offered to try to justify this  effort to punish free expression.    Here is what Senator Rubio tweeted: ``Opposition to our bill isn't  about FREE speech. Companies are FREE to boycott Israel. But local &  state governments should be FREE to end contracts with companies that  do.''   This reflects a profound misunderstanding of the First Amendment. It  turns the First Amendment on its head. It is like saying to our fellow  Americans: You are free to peacefully express yourselves however you  want, but the government is then free to use the power of the State to  punish you for doing so. You are free to express your political  opinions, but if we don't like what you say, the State is free to pass  laws to prevent you from doing any business with the State.   That is State-sponsored discrimination against disfavored political  expression.   I would remind my colleagues that the First Amendment is not designed  to protect the government from its citizens; it is designed to protect  citizens who may engage in unpopular speech from retaliation by the  government.   What if a State passed a law to penalize gun control advocates who  boycotted stores that sold semiautomatic weapons? What if a State  retaliated against anti-abortion activists who  [[Page S728]]  boycotted health clinics that provided abortion services? We would all  agree that is blatantly unconstitutional.   Senator Rubio's proposal and the proposal advanced by the Republican  leader is a textbook example of why we have a First Amendment.   I have heard others defend this measure by saying: ``It is simply a  law to boycott the boycotters.'' That is a cute slogan but, again,  shows a stunning ignorance of the First Amendment.   Yes, any of us as individuals can always decide to boycott those  whose boycotts we disagree with. Each of us as individuals is free to  boycott those businesses that choose to boycott Israeli settlements in  the West Bank, but that is not what this bill does. This bill calls  upon States to use the power of the State, to use the power of  government to punish peaceful political actions that we don't like.  Again, that is patently unconstitutional.   That is the conclusion reached by two Federal courts that struck down  the kinds of State laws Senator Rubio and others seek to promote.   In Kansas, a Federal judge blocked the enforcement of a State law  requiring any State contractor to submit a written certification that  they are ``not currently engaged in a boycott of Israel.''   In the Kansas case, a woman who served as a public school math  teacher for 9 years was barred from participating in a State-sponsored  teacher training program because she refused to sign a certification  that she wasn't participating in a boycott of Israel.   The court found that the anti-boycott certification requirement was  designed to suppress political speech and was, according to the court,  ``plainly unconstitutional.'' In his opinion, the judge wrote: ``The  Supreme Court has held that the First Amendment protects the right to  participate in a boycott like the one punished by the Kansas law.''  That is what the Federal district court judge stated.   In Arizona, a Federal court blocked a State law requiring contractors  to certify that they will not boycott Israel, finding, again, that the  law violates the right of free speech.   In this case, an attorney contracted with the Arizona State  government to provide legal services to help individuals in prison.  Because of his political views, the attorney refused to purchase goods  from businesses supporting Israeli settlements in the West Bank.  Because he would not submit to a written certification that he wasn't  boycotting Israel, he was barred from contracting with the State to  provide legal services.   In this Arizona case, the court held that ``a restriction on one's  ability to participate in collective calls to oppose Israel  unquestionably burdens the protected expression of companies wishing to  engage in a boycott. The type of collective action targeted by the  [law] specifically implicates the rights of assembly and association  that Americans and Arizonans use `to bring about political, social, and  economic change.' ''   There are a number of other challenges to laws requiring government  contractors to certify they are not boycotting Israel or Israeli  settlements on the grounds that they violate American's fundamental  right to free speech--a right that Americans have even when their  speech is not supported by a majority of us. That is the whole purpose  of the First Amendment.   In Texas, there are two pending First Amendment challenges to a law  requiring State contractors to certify they will not boycott Israel or  its settlements. In the first Texas lawsuit, four individuals were  required to choose between signing a certification that they are not  participating in a peaceful boycott or losing income and other  professional opportunities. These individuals include a freelance  writer who lost two service contracts from the University of Houston; a  reporter who was forced to sign the certification against his  conscience in order to keep his job; and a Ph.D. candidate at Rice  University who was forced to forfeit payment for judging at a debate  tournament. It caused a student at Texas State University to forgo  opportunities to judge high school debate tournaments.   In the second lawsuit, a Texas speech pathologist who had worked with  developmentally disabled autistic and speech impaired elementary school  opportunities for 9 years was fired because she refused to sign an  addendum to her contract renewal saying she would not boycott Israel or  Israeli settlements.   In my home State of Maryland, a software engineer is challenging an  executive order requiring contractors to certify in writing that they  are not boycotting Israel or its settlements. In that case, the  individual was barred from bidding on government software program  contracts because he would not sign such a certification.   These laws are blatantly unconstitutional.   Let me speak briefly to a recent court decision in Arkansas in which  a Federal district court judge ruled in favor of a State law  prohibiting Arkansas from contracting with or investing in individuals  or firms that boycott Israel or its settlements.   This district court decision is destined for the dustbin of history.  I am not sure any Senator on either side of the aisle wants to be  associated with its holding.   It concludes that a boycott ``is not speech, inherently expressive  activity, or subject to constitutional protection.'' The banner right  there on page 9 of the judge's opinion reads: ``A Boycott is Neither  Speech Nor Inherently Expressive Conduct.'' In other words, according  to that district judge, States can pass laws banning or penalizing  boycotts they don't like.   Years ago--and it was many years ago--as a college student, I was  active in the movement to get companies to divest from South Africa and  boycotting companies that did business with the apartheid regime in  South Africa. Under the Arkansas court decision, a State could pass a  law that would ban that conduct or would at least penalize me if I  wanted to do business with the State as a sole proprietor and sought  State contracts.   There is no doubt that the Arkansas decision will be overturned. The  Supreme Court explicitly held in the case of the NAACP v. Claiborne  Hardware that the First Amendment protects the right to participate in  a boycott for political purposes. The judge in the Arkansas case  attempts to narrow that NAACP holding in a way that is clearly  inconsistent with First Amendment protections. I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to read all three Federal district court  decisions from Kansas, Arizona, and Arkansas.   As I said earlier, I do not support the boycott of Israel as a means  of pressing the Netanyahu government to change some of its policies.  There are much better ways. We have to try to encourage our friend and  ally to change some of the policies they disagree with.   Here is what I predict: I predict that the boycott movement will  continue to grow for a number of reasons. At the top of that list is  the fact that the Trump administration's actions, and inactions, are  adding oxygen to the boycott movement.   To start, the Trump administration has abandoned any pretense of  trying to prevent the expansion of Israeli settlements in new parts of  the West Bank. There has been a big jump in the number of tenders and  settlement plans since President Trump took office. In fact, our  Ambassador there, Ambassador Freidman, has been a vocal cheerleader for  additional settlements in new areas on the West Bank. In doing so, the  Trump administration has abandoned what has been a long-held bipartisan  position of the U.S. Government. Here are a few statements from  Presidents of both parties over the last 40 years:   President Ronald Reagan, in 1982, said that ``settlement activity is  in no way necessary for the security of Israel and only diminishes the  confidence of the Arabs that a final outcome can be freely and fairly  negotiated.''   President H.W. Bush, in 1990, said: ``The foreign policy of the  United States says we do not believe there should be new settlements in  the West Bank or in East Jerusalem.''   President Clinton, in 2001, said that ``the settlement enterprise and  building bypass roads in the heart of what they already know will one  day be part of a Palestinian state is inconsistent with the Oslo  commitment that both sides negotiate a compromise.''   President George W. Bush, in 2002, said: ``Israeli settlement  activity in occupied territories must stop, and the occupation must end  through withdrawal to secure and recognized boundaries.''  [[Page S729]]    Finally, President Obama, in 2009, said: ``The United States does not  accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements. This  construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to  achieve peace. It is time for these settlements to stop.''   So there you have a continuous line of bipartisan Presidents,  Republicans and Democrats, expressing U.S. policy on the issue of  settlements. The provision before us today in this bill directly  contradicts this long-stated U.S. policy by drawing no distinction  between someone boycotting businesses located in the State of Israel  and someone boycotting businesses located in settlements in the  territories. In other words, the provision before us--and the State  laws it promotes--supports the same penalty for those who boycott  commerce with a business in Tel Aviv as it does those who boycott  commerce with businesses in the settlements, including outposts that  may be illegal even under Israeli law. This provision before us erases  an important distinction in American policy that has been endorsed by  Presidents of both parties.   One of the reasons for discouraging settlements and outposts in new  areas is to preserve the option of a two-state solution--an option that  has previously been supported by Presidents of both parties, as well as  pro-Israel groups, including AIPAC, J Street, and others. It is a  demographic reality that in order to ensure a Jewish state that is  democratic and provides equal rights to all its citizens, there must be  a two-state solution.   Such a solution should come about through a negotiated settlement  between the parties--between the Israelis and the Palestinians. We all  know that dysfunction and obstruction on the Palestinian side has been  one obstacle to reaching an agreement, but that does not justify  changing the status quo on the ground by adding settlements in new  areas that will make a two-state solution impossible.   Second, the Trump administration, under the guidance of the  President's designated Middle East Senior Adviser, his son-in-law Jared  Kushner, has embarked on an undisguised effort to crush the  Palestinians by revoking all U.S. humanitarian assistance. Here we are,  authorizing $38 billion for U.S. military support for Israel--something  I strongly support and am a cosponsor of--but at the same time, the  Trump administration has eliminated humanitarian and other assistance  to help the Palestinian people, many of whom are living in horrible  conditions. The Trump administration has eliminated assistance that  helps provide medical care, clean water, and food to hundreds of  thousands of vulnerable Palestinian children and families. Much of this  assistance is provided by organizations like Catholic Relief Services  and the Lutheran World Federation.   President Trump has also eliminated $25 million in U.S. support to a  network of six hospitals in East Jerusalem, support the Congress  explicitly protected under the Taylor Force Act. In doing this, he  gutted funding for the main hospitals providing cancer treatment for  patients in the West Bank and Gaza and kidney dialysis for children.  These hospitals include Lutheran Augusta Victoria Hospital, the  Anglican St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital, and the Catholic St.  Joseph Hospital--American-founded institutions that fall under our  American Schools and Hospitals Abroad Program.   The Trump administration has eliminated support for those programs,  but the effort to crush the Palestinians into submitting to a one-sided  agreement will never work. President Trump and Jared Kushner apparently  think this is just another real estate deal where you turn off the  water and electricity to force your tenants out. Instead, these actions  by the Trump administration will only add fuel to the boycott movement  because many people will see no other vehicle for expressing their  views.   Finally, to the senior Senator from Virginia and others supporting  this provision, nothing--nothing--will motivate Americans to exercise  their rights more than efforts to suppress them. Trying to suppress  free speech--even unpopular speech, even conduct we don't support here  and I don't support--will only add momentum.   I will end where I started. It is a really shameful and disappointing  day when the sponsors of this legislation took a bill demonstrating  strong bipartisan support for Israel, for our friends and allies who  share our commitment to democracy and share other values we hold dear-- some Senators took that bill and used it as an attack on the  constitutional rights of American citizens who may want to peacefully  demonstrate their opposition to some of the Netanyahu government's  policies, not in the way the Presiding Officer would choose, not in the  way I would choose, but in a way they have a right to do as American  citizens.   In making these changes to the bill, the sponsors are sabotaging what  was a bipartisan bill to support our friend and ally Israel and, in the  process, strengthening the very boycott movement we seek to oppose.  That hurts Israel, that hurts the United States, and it is a really sad  day in the U.S. Senate when we take something that we have all agreed  on and decide to use it to attack the constitutional rights of American  citizens with whom we may disagree. I am sorry it has come to this  point. I hope my colleagues will think about this as we move forward in  this debate.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   