 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on the morning of April 5, 1977, a 17-year- old girl--scared, alone, and 7\1/2\ months pregnant--set foot inside of  a Los Angeles abortion clinic. She had been advised to get a saline  abortion--a procedure in which an injected saline solution burns a baby  inside the womb, who is then delivered dead 24 hours later. So she  signed some papers, received the injection, and then waited for the  poison to run its course.   But the child, little Gianna Jessen, had other ideas. Triumphantly,  defiantly, and against all odds, Gianna Jessen entered this world after  her own abortion. She was delivered--alive--in that same abortion  clinic on April 6. She should have been burned. She should have been  blind. She should have been dead. Yet, at 2\1/2\ pounds, little Gianna  Jessen was very much alive, albeit suffering the effects of the saline  solution, which was intended to be lethal.   The nurse could have left her to die that day, but mercifully she  instead decided to call an ambulance. Little Gianna was transferred to  the hospital, and her life was saved. This was indeed an act of mercy.  Even more importantly, it was just the beginning of Gianna's story,  comprising only the first chapter of her amazing life. The saline  solution that had been injected to take her life did not have its  intended effect, but it starved her brain of oxygen, so she was born  with cerebral palsy, which left her with physical and cognitive  disabilities.   Doctors said that this child, who was not supposed to live in the  first place, would also never be able to lift her head, let alone walk.  Yet, here again, Gianna beat the odds. With the help of a loving  adoptive mother, a walker, and some leg braces, she was walking by the  time she was 3 years old. By the time she was just 14 years old, she  was speaking to audiences about her extraordinary birth and the  exceptional life it made possible.   Since then, Gianna has literally run marathons and trained to climb  mountains. For years, she has traveled around the country and, in fact,  around the world speaking and marching, limping one step at a time, for  the unborn children who cannot.   Her accomplishments, especially in light of her disabilities, are  breathtaking. Yet, because of those disabilities, she was exactly the  kind of baby some would say should have been allowed to die after a  botched abortion, exactly the kind of baby some might dismissively  characterize as a ``burden'' on society.   Gianna Jessen's life shows that she is quite the opposite of a burden  on all of those who have the good fortune to know her. As she puts it,  she has been blessed with the ``tremendous gift'' of cerebral palsy.  She adds, ``I have more joy than I can ever articulate because of the  obstacles I have overcome.'' But perhaps that is her truest and  greatest achievement, for Gianna lives with a deep, authentic, and  contagious joy that she spreads wherever she goes. To listen to her, to  talk to her, to know her is truly to know the joy of life--a woman  fully alive indeed.   It is good that Gianna Jessen exists--very good. Good for her and  good for all of us. Her life is not defined by what she can do. It is  not defined but what she cannot do or by whether she was originally  wanted. Her life is unrepeatable, irreplaceable, and of infinite and  immeasurable worth. She has made an indelible mark on the entire world,  as only she could.   Today, we have a chance to stand up and defend the truth that  Gianna's life is, in fact, worthwhile, that all babies' lives are  valuable and worth living, just like Gianna's. Women, like Gianna's  birth mother, deserve better than what many in our society have told  them. They deserve to be protected right alongside their babies.   Pro-life Americans like me believe that children like Gianna should  be protected within the womb. Both the essential moral principle of  human dignity and the undisputed scientific facts of human biology  insist on this very point. But the bill I am here to discuss today does  not. This bill, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, takes  no position on abortion or on the rights of the unborn child. It simply  says that in this country, when a child is born, even if by accident,  even in the most dangerous place in the world for an infant--that is, a  Planned Parenthood clinic--he or she becomes a citizen of the United  States under our Constitution and is entitled to the full protection of  our laws.   Boy or girl, Black or White, rich or poor, each deserves-- paraphrasing the immortal words of Abraham Lincoln--an unfettered start  and a fair chance in the race of life. This is the essence of what it  means to have rights and to be entitled to the equal protection of our  laws. Among our inalienable rights is the right to ``life, liberty, and  the pursuit of happiness''--a concept that clearly encompasses the  right not to be murdered. This bill will simply reaffirm that such  fundamental rights extend not simply to the rich and the powerful but  even to the furthest margins of our society and even to the  [[Page S823]]  most vulnerable and newest citizens of our great Nation.   This legislation should not be controversial. In fact, if you think  about it, what is more remarkable here is the fact that outlawing the  murder of the innocent--in the first moments of life, no less--is even  controversial among many Members of this body. Those objecting to this  legislation, including the political media covering up the scandal,  will say otherwise, but we know the truth, and so do they.   I yield the floor.   