 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for taking on this  issue.   When we have heard words such as the Governor of Virginia and others  who would say that it is okay for a male Governor of Virginia to make a  statement; but generally, men should not be talking about something  that is only given to women to talk about because it is about their  bodies, about their lives. Well, it is. But I think we need to talk as  well.   And if it is not me who should talk, I would like to read for you the  statements of another individual who, I think, expresses all I would  want to say this evening. And I will read just a few excerpts from an  article he wrote.   He said: ``Do you want us to let him go?''   ``Those were the first words that were spoken over me as I came into  the world. Those were the words of my delivery room doctor as he held  my armless and lifeless body in his arms. As he assessed me and my  situation, all he could tell my parents is that I was `not viable.'   Those were the words of Daniel Ritchie as he spoke about his birth.  He said: ``Not bad for a kid that wasn't supposed to lead a full  life.''   And why did he say that? He says: ``It has now been almost 35 years  since those words were spoken over me and a lot has happened since  then. By God's grace, I was revived. . . . I learned to feed myself,  dress myself, write, type, and drive, all with my feet. I graduated  from high school with honors and double majored in college. I met the  girl of my dreams, got married 13 years ago, and we have two beautiful  kids. Now I am a sought after speaker who shares his story at  conferences, churches, schools, colleges and with corporations across  the country.   Not bad for a kid that wasn't supposed to lead a full life.''   Viability and independence are terrible indicators of life.   ``I am no less of a man because of my two vacant sleeves. I am a  perfect creation crafted by the hands of a careful Creator. I am not  the sum of my missing parts. I am a man that God has made with talents,  gifts, and abilities. Just like any person who is born blind, deaf, or  paralyzed has the same sort of giftings.''   He ended by saying this: ``We are all made in God's image. We are all  given talents and abilities. We are all worth being given a chance at  life, no matter how small the chance may be, and I am the living  example of that.   ``My armless life is worth living, and I am beyond thankful my  parents saw that on day one.'' And he was viable.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Flint for  yielding. I appreciate the opportunity that we have to stand on the  floor tonight as a bipartisan delegation, Republicans and Democrats who  are joined together by a love of a great State, the greatest State,  Michigan, and the history that is there that includes a gentleman, a  leader, like John Dingell.   This is a vision that too often is not seen by constituents back in  the district, isn't it? They often think that if you are a Republican  or a Democrat, you are automatically an antagonist for the other side.  That is just not true, especially as we work together as a delegation.   I learned one thing of many things, but one thing I will share  tonight from John D. Dingell, Jr. I will let that rest a little bit and  let it build to what in the world I am going to say that I learned  specifically from John Dingell that was unique, special, and important  to me and that I hope I never forget.   It was in 1983 that I first met John Dingell. I was a freshman in the  State House of Representatives. I was in Adrian, Michigan, the county  seat of the house district I represented. We were there for a ribbon  cutting. I heard a commotion going on through the room, and the  commotion was simply this: Big John Dingell is about here. He is about  to arrive.   Well, I had never met big John Dingell or John Dingell at all. Mr.  Speaker, like Mr. Kildee, I knew it was a historic moment.   Sure enough, soon he came in. He swept into the room, and I met a man  who, yes, indeed, was 6-foot-4. Strong of appearance and presence, he  commanded a presence in the room. Yet he shook every single hand in the  room, including this freshman member of the State legislature who he  had never met, maybe even never heard my name. There was a warmth about  that. I learned something from that.   Over the years, seeing him in operation, and then, ultimately, coming  here in 2007 for my first term, and having a chance to go up and sit  where he always sat, right over there, to sit and talk with him,  initially, very timid, asking legislative questions, but then we got  down to important things like: What is your favorite shotgun? What are  your favorite hunting sports? Who, indeed, fitted your shotgun to you?   As we began to talk about things later on, it became apparent that,  with  [[Page H1567]]  redistricting, I was going to lose Calhoun County in the district, and  I was going to pick up Monroe County, which was John Dingell's county,  which had been his father's before him. I was going to be given an  opportunity to represent that county as part of the Seventh  Congressional District of Michigan.   I remember asking John about Monroe County. He talked about the  marshlands. He talked about the fact that, if I were going to come into  that, he expected me to feel the same way about water fowling,  protecting the resources there, and making sure that the wildlife  refuge continued to grow, expand, and meet the needs of coming  generations. We talked about that, and we shared those things together.   I found out about the River Raisin National Battlefield Park. A  significant war, a loss to the United States, took place there at the  River Raisin, but it became the rallying cry that, ultimately, I  believe, led to the winning of the War of 1812, ``Remember the  Raisin.''   This became part of my district, but it became part of sharing with  John Dingell. Mr. Speaker, this is what I learned that I will never  forget, and I hope none of us forget it, because it is the way of life  that I think leads to a valued life of service.   I had the chance to serve with his son Chris in the State  legislature. That was a Dingell who served and then went on to be a  circuit court judge. I have the privilege now of serving with Debbie  Dingell, our great friend and colleague, who we all have expressed our  love to in these last few days, even more than before.   But to serve with John Dingell, I said to him, ``Congressman,'' and  he said: No, no. John.   I said: I believe, if the election goes as I think, I am going to get  Monroe County. That has been your county for many years. You have loved  it. You have loved all about it. I am giving up Calhoun County. How are  you going to deal with that, giving away Monroe County?    He said this to me, and this is what I will never forget. He said: My  young friend, I never give away a friend.   He said: You know, it is going to be your district. It is going to be  your county. But I will never give away my friends in Monroe County.   And he said: You should never give away Calhoun County either.   Marvelous advice. I think it would be good for all of us to remember  that in our relationships, not only with our districts and districts  that may change, but our relationships with our colleagues. Democrat,  Republican, independent, delightful, ornery, whatever, these are  friends. The way we respond to them is the same way John Dingell  responded in such a way that he had a life that made an impact.   Remember, he served almost 60 years--59 years and 29 days--historic,  not because he chose that, but his constituents chose that. They made  it possible for him to serve those years. They chose not to term limit  him but to say thank you for representing us well.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for giving us the opportunity to do  this tonight for a great man, a human, but a great man who loved this  country, who served this country. And I am not going to give him away  as a friend.   