 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding.   As the current occupant of the chair will remember, on February 6,  2018, just last year, Secretary of Defense Mattis testified: ``Let me  be clear, as hard as the last 16 years of war have been, no enemy in  the field has done more harm to the readiness of the United States  military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act's defense  spending caps, worsened by operating in 10 of the last 11 years under  continuing resolutions of varied and unpredictable duration.''   Mr. Speaker, this bill before us now fixes, finally, the problems  that Secretary Mattis pointed to in his testimony last year, for, as  members will recall, starting in 2010, with the responsibility of both  Republicans and Democrats, both the White House and Congress, defense  spending went down, in real terms, about 20 percent.   And we are not just talking numbers. We are talking increased  aircraft accidents. We are talking tragic accidents at sea where  sailors were killed. We are talking in all the services, a number of  training accidents and malfunctions that had real consequences to the  human beings who volunteer to protect our country.   Now, the last 2 years--again, on a bipartisan basis--we have begun to  turn that around. We have begun to improve our readiness, begun to  improve training, begun, as the gentleman from California was talking  about, to narrow some of the gaps that have developed on key  technologies with other adversaries. But the job is not done yet. We  have to continue that momentum.   While the underlying bill before us does not provide for as much  defense spending as I believe we should spend, the certainty of a 2- year deal having more money for defense than was originally in the  underlying House budget, all of those things, to me, say the right  thing to do is to pass this.   I know Members can find some excuse about what is in the bill they  don't like or what is not in the bill that they wish it were. Any sort  of legislation that is a result of compromise between two parties, two  Houses of Congress, two branches of government, is going to yield that  sort of result.   But, Mr. Speaker, we cannot forget that the first function of  government is  [[Page H7405]]  to provide for the common defense; and the Nation and, especially, the  men and women who serve and their families depend upon us doing our job  under the Constitution.   Article I, section 8 says it is our job to raise and support, provide  and maintain. This bill helps us fulfill that responsibility, and it  should be passed.   