 Mr. President, I think people are surprised when they  come to Texas and find out how diverse a State it really is. Not  everybody there looks like me or pronounces their last name the same  way.   In fact, we are a huge melting pot of people from all over the  country and, literally, many from around the world who come to the  State because we have a growing economy, creating jobs and opportunity.  People can find work to provide for their family and achieve their  dreams.   It shouldn't surprise anybody that Texas is increasingly diverse. We  have benefited a lot from the variety of folks and cultures and ideas  that have come around the world and planted roots in the Lone Star  State.   When I ask folks if they know what the second most spoken language in  Texas is, they say: Well, that is easy. It is Spanish.   I say: Well, that is right. Let me give you a harder one. What is the  third most commonly spoken language in Texas?   After a couple of guesses, they are usually surprised when I say  Vietnamese.   It is not in the overall numbers of Spanish or English, to be sure,  but we have a vibrant Vietnamese community in Texas that was  established after the fall of Saigon and the Vietnam war. Many of them  immigrated to the Houston area or to the metroplex area.   Of course, they have faced many of the same struggles as those who  have come to America throughout our country's history. In addition to  adjusting to a new home, language, and culture, they have dealt with  some ugly aspects of their new home: racism and bigotry.   From those challenges and from overcoming those challenges, they have  derived tremendous strength, demonstrated outstanding drive and a  desire to succeed.   Our Vietnamese-American communities in Texas are growing and  thriving, and they continue to play a very important role in our  increasingly diverse State.   I had the chance to meet with a number of my Vietnamese-American  constituents during the August break, and we talked about some of the  issues that concern them the most.   Just last weekend, in fact, I visited Cali Saigon Mall in Garland,  TX, for their annual children's festival. I participated in an on-stage  discussion with a number of community leaders. Although the children  seemed more interested in the tiger dance or musical performances and  the colorful costumes, it was a great opportunity for me to hear from  these folks firsthand. We had a serious discussion about the human  rights climate in Vietnam, which has continued to decline.   The Vietnamese Government limits political freedom by denying its own  citizens their right to vote in free and fair elections. It denies them  the freedom of assembly and expression and due process rights--the  sorts of basic rights we call human rights here in the United States.   Last year, one of my constituents, a young man named William Nguyen,  was unjustly beaten and detained for participating in demonstrations in  Ho Chi Minh City. We were fortunate enough to secure his release back  home after the government convicted him on trumped-up charges. I was  glad to welcome him back to the good old U.S. of A.   Sadly, the people who continue to live in Vietnam have to escape from  a brutal Communist regime, which continues to disregard the most basic  human rights, threaten religious freedom, and silence the press.   Vietnam remains one of the lowest ranked countries in the world when  it comes to freedom of the press. In 2018, Reporters Without Borders  ranked Vietnam 176th out of 180 countries worldwide.   It should come as no surprise that Vietnamese Americans who have  lived under this type of rule--or who have family members who still  do--don't take our freedoms here in America for granted. It is just the  opposite. These immigrants are great patriots who fully appreciate the  freedoms they enjoy here in America because they realize how close they  came to seeing those same freedoms denied in their home country.   With them, I share their concerns about the rising interest here at  home in failed ideas, like socialism, and will continue to dispel  rumors that socialism can provide more than the free enterprise system,  which has created the very prosperity that Vietnamese Americans and  other immigrants enjoy here in the United States.   In addition to our efforts to strengthen our own democracy, we need  to do more to strengthen democracies around the world and to protect  basic human rights. Earlier this year, I reintroduced the Vietnam Human  Rights Sanctions Act to try to do just that. This bill would impose  travel restrictions and other sanctions on Vietnamese nationals  complicit in human rights abuses against their fellow citizens. These  sanctions would not be lifted until the Vietnamese Government releases  all political prisoners and stops the use of violence against peaceful  demonstrators.   We simply can't avert our gaze and allow these practices to continue  without any sort of accountability. I say the same for what is  happening now in Hong Kong.   I appreciate the many Vietnamese Americans who have shared their  experiences with me on this topic, and I will continue to advocate for  a brighter future for the people of Vietnam.   