 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Speaker for yielding.   I too rise to congratulate Representative Don Young, the dean of the  House, who today, as stated, becomes the longest-serving Republican in  the history of Congress and, as the Speaker noted, has surpassed Joe  Cannon.   Don Young doesn't quote Joe Cannon, but he reminds me they named a  building after him.   Now, like me, Don was born in California. He got to know Alaska the  way many of us did, he read Jack London's ``The Call of the Wild,'' and  he moved there right when it became a State.   As of today, Don has represented Alaska for 46 years, over 75 percent  of the entire time it has been a State.   His career is an important reminder of how young this wonderful  experience we call America truly is.   They lied to me during freshman orientation. They told me nobody had  an assigned seat in this House. That is how I got to know Don Young. I  made the mistake of coming in and sitting down right over by that door.   I also learned another valuable lesson: Don keeps a knife.   Now, Don has been a very effective Member. He has been chair of the  Committee on Natural Resources, chair of the Committee on  Transportation and Infrastructure, he has worked with nine Presidents,  nine Speakers, he has numerous bills on his wall in between all the  animals, but Don was prepared for this job.   You see, when he was in Alaska, he was a riverboat captain, he was a  mayor, but he told me the job that prepared him the most to be a Member  of Congress, he taught the fifth grade. I don't know how good of a  teacher you were, but I imagine it was good.   But Don has been a mentor to many of us. You see, you can watch him,  how he carries himself in conference, how he carries himself on the  floor, but the way that he can mentor all of us is by the love and  respect that he always had for his spouse. Lula was always next to him,  and Anne is there now.   He has been a Member of Congress, but he has been a father, and he  has been a very, very great husband.   Mr. Speaker, we all travel far and wide to be here to represent our  constituents, but no one travels further, no one has the challenge to  match Don. There are times, if the weather requires, he takes a  dogsled, and it is no joking matter. That is his dedication.   Don also makes sure this institution stays running on time. I noticed  that last vote went a little long. I do like to monitor the difference  when we are in the minority. On average, the votes lasted 5 to 10  minutes less when we were in the majority, not by anything I did, but  by the calls of Don Young.   But on a serious note, Madam Speaker, I have always heard that if you  find a job you love, you will not work a day in your life. It is clear  that Don Young loves what he does, because he loves this institution  and he loves the people's House.   So to Don, we say congratulations on this incredible accomplishment,  something nobody probably sitting here today will ever be able to  achieve, but you did it for your passion, you did it for the love, but  more importantly, you did it for your country.    I thank you.   