 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I was necessarily absent  from yesterday evening's vote on cloture on the motion to proceed to S.  311, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. On vote No. 27,  had I been present, I would have been a yea vote on the motion to  invoke cloture.   Let me say that a little differently. As I sat, waiting for my plane  to leave Charleston, SC, to come to the Nation's Capital--a trip that  typically takes about 63 minutes--3 hours later, I had not yet arrived  in Washington, DC.   On a vote that, to me, should not be a vote at all--this should be  common sense, but it certainly was not common sense, so we had to have  a vote on an issue that is very near and dear to my heart.   I will say without any question that the frustration I felt at being  late to that vote was one that was incredibly irritating and  infuriating. I had planned to be on the floor of the Senate voting yes  on a commonsense piece of legislation, the Born-Alive Abortion  Survivors Protection Act, but was unable to make it because a 1-hour  flight took more than 3 hours, and I arrived here about 4 minutes after  the close of the vote, which also is quite frustrating.   But what is even more frustrating than that is that in a nation of  good conscience, we would be debating and having a conversation about a  child who is born, sitting there, alive, separated from her mother,  that there would be a question of whether that child should be able to  continue to live.   This is an issue that has been raised by people coming out of New  York and more recently by people coming out of Virginia and by the  Governor--who happens to be, from my understanding, a pediatric  surgeon--who suggested it is OK to allow that child to die.   Whether you are pro-life, as I am, or pro-choice, as others, I cannot  imagine that this would even be an issue of debate or discussion  between the two sides. There is no side on this topic. There cannot be  a side about life separated from the mother and whether that life  should continue to live. This is common sense. This is human decency.  This is not an issue of being pro-life or pro-choice. This is being  pro-child, which we all should be.   So I find myself at a loss for words, standing on the floor of the  U.S. Senate--where a vote yesterday failed by several votes--having to  discuss what doesn't make sense.   I have recently spoken to a group in Charleston, SC, during Black  History Month, where the GOP and African Americans were in the same  room having a great conversation about the issues that are important to  our Nation. We talked about so many of the powerful issues of economic  opportunity and opportunity zones. There may have been some  disagreement on whether we should have higher taxes or lower taxes, but  there was no disagreement on the issue of infanticide. There was no  disagreement whatsoever. In the room, whether you were to the left  [[Page S1457]]  or to the right, there was one thing that was common, and that was the  value of life.   I traveled to Little Rock, AR, this weekend to speak at another Black  History Month event, where Republicans and Democrats were coming  together at the Governor's Mansion to have a conversation about moving  this Nation forward and about reconciliation. In the room, we had  conversations about the tragedies in Virginia, from the blackface  tragedy to the issues with the three ranking members in the  Commonwealth of Virginia. When I started talking about the value of  human life, the intrinsic value of each human being, there was 100  percent support that we are a nation that should always value the life  of a born-alive child. There was not a single dissent in a room of  nearly 400 people.   To have to have a debate on the floor of the Senate about something  that every American with whom I have spoken, in airports or at events,  agrees there is nothing to debate, frustrates me. So while I am  saddened and frustrated, I have been encouraged by my fellow  Americans--from Arkansas to South Carolina, to Tennessee--who have all  come to the same conclusion, and that is that a born-alive child  deserves to live.   We may disagree on other points, but this is a place where there is  universal agreement with the folks I have spoken to. These are folks  who don't vote for Republicans or Democrats; they all vote for  children. They all vote for life.   We are a nation that must continue to value life. For some reason,  somehow, this body missed that opportunity to reinforce that value  system before the American public, to say to each child born: No matter  your State, no matter your challenges, you have intrinsic value.   I yield the floor.   