 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, according to the Treasury, since 1960,  Congress has acted 78 times to raise the debt ceiling. Let me run that  past you again. Since 1960, we have had 78 debt ceiling increases,  under Republican Presidents, Democratic Presidents, Republican  Congresses, and Democratic Congresses. There has been a steady increase  over and over again with the debt ceiling.   The debt ceiling was originally designed to provide a moment of  fiscal restraint for Congress, a moment for Congress to look at the  debt and determine whether to increase debt again or to determine how  to restrain ourselves.   Going back to post-World War II, we had an enormous debt left over  after World War II. That was the triggering mechanism for them.  Throughout the Korean war, for instance, they didn't raise the debt  ceiling. They found ways to find fiscal restraint because they had so  much debt.   That doesn't even seem to be the conversation anymore. Now debt  ceiling conversations are about what bill will we get it into to make  sure it passes so we can just keep going. That moment of determining  how we can deal with fiscal restraint seems to be gone.   Let me state just how severe this has become. Right now, our current  debt to GDP--that is, gross national product--our debt compared to our  gross national product is at 78 percent. That is an enormous number.  That means, if you take all of the American economy, every single  person in the entire country, group it all together, what they receive  in pay, what they make, and put it all together, it would take 78  percent of every single person in the country to pay off our debt for  an entire year.   If we were to maintain that debt-to-GDP ratio at 78 percent, just not  get worse than where we are at $22 trillion right now, we asked the  Congressional Budget Office how much we would either have to raise in  taxes or cut in spending each year to not make it worse. The answer  that came back from the Congressional Budget Office was $400 billion,  but the hard part about that--not that $400 billion is not bad enough-- we would have to cut or raise in taxes $400 billion every single year  for 30 years in a row. That is not the original $400 billion but a new  $400 billion every year for 30 years in a row just to keep us at a  debt-to-GDP ratio of 78 percent.   That is not going to happen. There is not the will in this Congress  to reduce  [[Page S4929]]  $400 billion this year much less do it every single year for 30 years  in a row.   So my simple push is this. We have to get to a real conversation  about what we are going to do about our debt and how we are going to  respond to this.   I have committed, around any kind of debt ceiling conversation, that  the conversation should not be about just raising it and going on; it  should be about how we are going to address our debt. I cannot support  a debt ceiling that just raises the debt ceiling without any  consideration about what we are going to do to actually pay off that  debt or how we are going to get on top of it.   We have a broken process. We are not dealing with debt when we talk  about debt ceilings anymore, and we are facing a September 30 deadline.  There is already an ongoing rumor and conversation around the hallways  about could we have another government shutdown.   In the last 40 years, we have had 21 government shutdowns--21--under  Republican and Democratic Presidents and under Republican and  Democratic Congresses--21 government shutdowns. The one that happened  earlier this year was the longest one in history, but that doesn't mean  it is the longest one that will ever happen. There may be a longer one  coming. The challenge is, how do we solve this issue about debt? How do  we deal with some of the simple processes like government shutdowns and  how do we stop those?   Government shutdowns actually cause more spending to happen because  it costs so much to prepare for it. When it happens, there is a greater  cost, and when restarting it, there is greater cost again. All of that  is lost money. It is just a waste.   So Senator Maggie Hassan, the Democratic Senator from New Hampshire,  and I have worked together to put a simple proposal together to stop  government shutdowns. This is not rocket science. Most Americans can't  leave their work and walk away, especially if they are small business  owners. They can't walk away from their jobs unless the job is done.  That is just the nature of it. So our simple idea is this. If we get to  October 1--and the end of the fiscal year ends on September 30--and the  work is not done on all the appropriations bills, we would have what is  called a continuing resolution kick in. The funding would continue to  go the same as it did the year before. It basically is putting  everybody on hold but is still moving. That would protect Federal  workers and make sure Federal workers and their families are not  affected by the government shutdown. It would protect the taxpayers,  making sure they are not having to deal with ``I can't get a permit''  and ``I can't get an answer on the phone from a government agency  because there is a Federal shutdown.'' So the Federal workers and  American people would be held harmless, but Members of Congress, our  staffs, and the staff of the White House Office of Management and  Budget, in both the House and the Senate, would all be here in  Washington, DC, with no travel.   Now that may not seem like a big issue. You may say: So what. It  would mean we are in session every weekday, every weekend, and cannot  leave to go back and see our families. We cannot do our work that has  to be done in the States, and we have work to do in our States as well.  We cannot go on any kind of codel travel. We cannot take any other  travel of any sort, and every day we have what is called a mandatory  quorum call in the Senate and in the House. We are in session weekdays  and weekends continually until the budget work is done.   I had folks say: Well, that doesn't seem like that big of an  incentive.   I can assure you, the most precious commodity to Members of the House  and Senate, our staff, and to members of the Office of Management and  Budget is the same precious commodity every American has. It is time-- time.   If we lose the time so we can't do all of the other things we need to  do until we get the budget work done, we will get the budget work done  because there are a lot of things on our schedule, but our first  priority should be the budget work that needs to be done.   This puts us in a position to basically do what my mom did to my  brother and me. When my brother and I had an argument, my mom would  lock the two of us in a room and say: You guys work this out. When you  are done, you can come out of the room, but you guys keep talking until  you settle it. Quite frankly, my mom would be a pretty good role model  for this Congress. Lock us in the room, keep us debating until we solve  it.   We had the longest shutdown in American history this past time, and  it started right before Christmas. What did the Members of Congress do?  They left. They left. They went home for Christmas. They went away.  While Federal workers did not have their paychecks coming in, Members  of Congress left town.   It is as simple and straightforward as this: Federal workers should  be held harmless, and Members of Congress should be kept to stay and  work it out.   Senator Hassan and I continue to work through this. We gained wide  bipartisan support. It went through the first of two committees--10 to  2 as it passed the committee. Now it has a second committee to go  through before it comes here. We want to build bipartisan support to  say: We will have disagreements on budget. We will have disagreements  on spending. But we should keep debating until we solve it. But do not  loop the Federal workers and their families into this, and certainly  don't harm the taxpayers in the process.   We look forward to trying to get some things resolved in this place  and to keeping the debate going until we do.   I yield the floor.   