 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2142. H.R. 2142 is a  commonsense bill to ease the burden that Federal regulations place on  small businesses.   As a small business owner myself, I can personally attest to the  daunting feelings that are associated with new regulations. Navigating  the bureaucracy of the Federal Government can be  [[Page H5807]]  incredibly intimidating, and I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Delgado,  for his leadership on this issue.   Small businesses account for 99.6 percent of the businesses in the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. These businesses are truly the backbone  of the American economy, which is why I was proud to introduce this  legislation with my colleague from New York. This legislation takes a  simple, yet important, step to reduce the strain that the Federal  regulations place on small businesses and provide much-needed  transparency.   Any time a Federal agency is required to produce a final regulatory  flexibility analysis on a rule, the agency is also required by section  212 of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act to  publish one or more guides to assist small entities in complying with  the rule.   This legislation makes already available information more easily  accessible to small businesses by requiring the Small Business and  Agriculture Regulatory Enforcement Ombudsman to create a public website  to publish these compliance guides and list contact information for  persons who can help small entities comply with these rules. Making  this information publicly available on a centralized website is a  commonsense way to ease the regulatory burden on small firms that are  looking for assistance to comply with the Federal regulations.   I again would like to thank Mr. Delgado for bringing this issue to my  attention and the chairwoman and Ranking Member Chabot from Ohio for  their commitment to advancing this bipartisan solution.   I ask each of my colleagues to support this measure.   