 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I am very glad to follow the previous  discussion that was taking place under Mrs. Torres' amendment, having  spent a long time in California on air regulation as an appointee to  the California Air Resources Board by three Governors--Republicans and  Democrats--where we worked in a bipartisan fashion under Federal  regulation in the Clean Air Act, and California regulation, first to  improve the air quality for Californians, but other States that  followed us under the U.S. Clean Air Act, on criteria pollutants, but  now to do it on carbon.   So my amendment would direct the administration to work with the  National Academy of Sciences to evaluate the negative economic impacts  to the United States' global competitiveness and to our workforce by  leaving the Paris treaty.   Our experience in California has been, by transitioning to renewables  and alternative fuels, one of the best arguments--of course, secondary  to saving the planet, in my view--is the economic benefit. So, I hear  and I respect some of the conversations and perspectives from people  from different parts of the country, but that has not been our  experience.   Our experience has been that we passed a bill in 2006 that I was  involved with in the legislature that called for the California Air  Resources Board to drop CO2 emissions by 2020 to 1990  levels. We were told by industry that there was no way we could do  that. We are actually on track to do that.   In fact, the last Governor, Governor Brown, signed legislation to  decrease our CO2 levels and, again, directed the California  Air Resources Board to implement a strategy to do that in regulations  to 40 percent by 2030.   On the renewable side, we went to 33-1/3 percent, a third of our  renewables by 2020 on the stationary source side, and the industry came  when I was in the legislature and said: We can't do this. We want your  help.   We went through with it, and, in fact, we did it. So now there is  legislation saying that by 2030, we should decrease it or only have 50  percent renewables.   So what has that done to the economy? Our economy is the fifth  largest in the world. We get more venture capital in the United States  for renewables and alternative fuels than the total, combined research  investment in venture capital in the other 49 States.   We get half of the venture capital in total in the whole country into  California, and it continues to provide for transition and new jobs.  Many of our workforce are transitioning from fossil fuel to renewables.   When we get mass-produced electric cars--and I am fearful that my  grandchildren will drive Chinese electric cars--but we know that our  car companies are transitioning and being somewhat successful and we  hope that they will continue to be, as General Motors has indicated it  would. It is in our best interest to continue this movement.   My hope is that we would work collectively with the people who are  being displaced, whether they are coal miners in West Virginia, or  refinery workers in the four refineries in my county, to make sure that  they don't lose out as the new economy takes over. The world benefits  and the economy benefits. So that is the purpose of this amendment.   I do want to say that right now, 3.3 million Americans now work in  clean energy jobs; 2.3 million different jobs  [[Page H3387]]  are energy efficient; and 318,000 jobs are in California. The World  Bank has an analysis that says the Paris accord will contribute $23  trillion to the world economy.   So on the basis of that and the fact that there are three times more  jobs in the renewable and alternative fuel right now in the world than  there are in the fossil fuel industry, I think that my colleagues  should support this amendment so that we get the facts from the  National Academy of Sciences, and the administration can see that what  we are supporting not only benefits the planet and public health, but  it benefits the economy and the future of American competitiveness.   I yield back the balance of my time.   