 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today we are making some great progress  on a bill that is very important to so many Members in this Chamber and  particularly important to the American people--a public lands package  that, in some cases, has taken years for these bills to process through  the Senate and hopefully are on their way to passage in the House and  to the President's desk.   For 4 years, since being in the Senate, I have worked to permanently  reauthorize the crown jewel of our conservation programs, and we are  about to have that crown jewel success, permanent authorization of the  Land and Water Conservation Fund--the passage of the public lands bill.  The Senate will finally take an up-or-down vote and move forward on  permanent authorization of LWCF.   I have championed this program with so many of my colleagues in a  bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats. It is time for this body to  act and make sure that we do what is right for the people of Colorado  and beyond with this reauthorization.   This program has an incredible direct impact on public lands in  Colorado and will be used to protect our State's amazing natural beauty  for generations to come.   Outdoor recreation opportunities in Colorado abound. The outdoor  recreation opportunities in Colorado make it the destination for  recreation, for adventure, for opportunity. You can hike in the summer,  hunt in the fall, ski in the winter, raft in the spring. We have it  all.   Those activities and more have led to an incredible outdoor economy  that is booming like never before. It generates the outdoor economy. It  generates something like $28 billion in consumer spending in the State  and $2 billion in State and local tax revenue. That is people coming in  to camp, to hunt, to fish, to ski--incredible employment opportunities.  Up to 230,000 people in Colorado alone are employed in the outdoor  recreation economy.   We don't just have this economy by chance. We have it because of our  public lands and the extensive efforts that so many in this Chamber  have undertaken over the years to conserve them in a condition that the  next generation will also get to enjoy.   One of our best tools to conserve and protect the public's lands has  lapsed, though--it goes back to the very beginning of our conversation  today--the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It has been over 100 days  since the Land and Water Conservation Fund expired, a fund, a program,  a conservation tool that has broad bipartisan support. It is an access  program. LWCF is an access program. It is there to sustain access to  land that may otherwise be cut off from public enjoyment, to provide  access to land that has been closed off to recreationists, to  environmentalists. The opportunities we have to enjoy this land, the  LWCF restores.   In the days leading up to the expiration of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, a report was published by the Theodore Roosevelt  Conservation Partnership, and it published some figures on public land  acreage that is inaccessible to the American public.   It identified over 9.5 million acres in the Western United States  alone that is inaccessible to the public because of the surrounding  public lands; that is, 9.5 million acres of land that belongs to the  American people that the American people have no access to because it  is surrounded.   The Land and Water and Conservation Fund is used to help give access  to land that the American people already own, to enjoy, to benefit  from, to create economic opportunities, and, more importantly, to  create the opportunity just to be in our amazing, wonderful outdoors.   In Colorado alone, there are over 250,000 acres that are closed off  to the public. These are 250,000 acres of publicly held lands that are  closed off because you don't have access.   That translates into just shy of 400 square miles of public land in  Colorado--basically, the same amount of land of the entire Rocky  Mountain National Park--that can't be used to hike, to hunt, and to  fish, even though it belongs to the American people to hike, to hunt,  to fish, to think, to hope, to dream, to plan, to resolve. They are  those things that we admire and need our public lands for--the  opportunity to think, to hope, to admire, to plan, to rest, to resolve.   Since its creation, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has provided  more than $258 million in support for Colorado public lands projects.  Again, the opportunity to have this permanent reauthorization today is  incredible. It is supported by this Chamber, and it is supported,  certainly, by people across the political spectrum in Colorado. It is a  great day for Colorado. It is a great day for public lands.   I want to show and share some of the incredible beauty we are talking  about. This is a picture of Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park  in Colorado. You can see the Gunnison River through the canyon, and you  can see the rim of the canyon. If you go to the next shot, though, you  will see some of the land that was purchased by the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. You can see the top of the rim looking down over the  river.   The top of the canyon was owned by a family. It was privately held  land. They could have sold it off. They could have developed the land.  You can see Bruce Noble, the park superintendent, pointing at the rim  of the canyon, the land that was purchased using Land and Water  Conservation Fund dollars. That land belonged to a family that, thanks  to LWCF, was purchased and held for the National Park Service so  [[Page S1180]]  that it doesn't risk development and we don't risk losing access and so  that somebody is not going to put barriers to access this incredible  majestic place. You see that land right there, and that is just one  example of how important the Land and Water Conservation Fund is.   The Black Canyon LWCF purchase was about 2,494 acres. Imagine that-- private land, nearly 2,500 acres of land, held within the national  park, that could have been sold off to a developer. Imagine what could  have happened. But this land allows us to continue to have access to  gold medal fly fishing on the Gunnison River. It creates potential  opportunities for the National Park Service to provide more family- friendly hiking closer to the visitor center, and it serves as a  potential source of water to the South Rim, which will reduce the  operational costs of hauling water to meet visitor and staff need. It  was a win for everyone--for the family who wanted to sell their land  but not have it developed and certainly for the American people, who  now have an incredible addition to their national park.   If we go to the next picture. This next picture is a picture in the  distance of the Great Sand Dunes National Park. You can see the light- colored sand at the foot of the mountain range. There is a 12,000-acre  ranch, the Medano Zapata Ranch, which borders the sand dunes on three  sides. These are some of the highest sand dunes in North America. It  has been bought by the Nature Conservancy, one of the great  conservation partners of the LWCF, and it is going through the process  to be incorporated into the park by using Land and Water Conservation  Fund dollars.   This is so important. This access with this purchase is so important  because it will help us to have access, once again, to existing public  lands, keeping these incredibly beautiful working lands conserved for  healthy wildlife habitat.   This is an inholding purchase. Inholding purchases are not the only  way LWCF benefits the outdoors, however. The National Park Service,  through LWCF State and local assistance programs, provides matching  grants for State and local park projects that aren't inside the  national park borders.   LWCF isn't just about our forests, either, or BLM land, or national  parks. It is also about local parks, bike trails, playgrounds--these  little slices of Heaven among concrete and the chaos that provide us  that respite in our daily lives to plan, to hope, to think, and to  rest.   In addition to the permanent reauthorization of LWCF, this package  includes legislation that I supported, authored, and worked very hard  the last several years to be included.   For Colorado, it includes the Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act. This  will allow us and the U.S. Forest Service to have better access to the  Barr Trail, working to allow greater public use of their public lands.   The Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act. In Congress, when we have  legislation like this, sometimes our colleagues, particularly in the  East, don't necessarily have this problem that they are dealing with  each and every day. We have a community in the mountains where their  water supply goes through a wilderness area. As a result, you can't  take mechanized, motorized equipment to fix this water project, this  waterway. So Congress has to pass a bill to allow this city to have the  ability to fix its water system. That is exactly what we do in the  Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act. The 1980 Holy Cross Wilderness Area  didn't address this problem. Here we are, nearly 40 years later,  addressing this challenge and allowing the community to move forward to  fix its water system.   We included in this legislation a bill to update the map and modify  the maximum acreage available for inclusion in the Florissant Fossil  Beds National Monument. The park is currently restricted--this  incredible national monument--to 6,000 acres. However, somebody wanted  to give some of their land to the national monument. So we have added  280 acres of land to this incredible national monument.   We have reauthorized the Endangered Fish Recovery Program. This was  originally created in 1988, over concern for four endangered fish in  the Upper Colorado River. The Upper Colorado Endangered Fish Recovery  Implementation Program has been extended multiple times over the last  30 years, most recently in 2013. It is a science-based, basin-wide  approach to make sure that we recover these species and to make sure  that this program has taken to preclude any lawsuits being filed,  despite the diverse stakeholder group involved. This legislation will  extend the authorization of the program through 2023.   It also creates a feasibility study to look into whether or not we  should designate Amache, the site of a Japanese-American internment  site in southeastern Colorado, as a national park. During World War II,  tens of thousands of Japanese-Americans were wrongfully removed from  their homes and held in internment centers. One such internment center,  located in the eastern plains of Colorado, near the town of Granada,  and that became known as Amache, was designated as a national historic  landmark in 2005. This internment site is the best preserved among the  entire system of internment sites that were used during World War II.  To name this a national park--to have that recognition--is an important  reminder of a very dark period in our history that we would never  repeat the internment of Japanese-Americans. This is a study to do just  that.   I have also been part as cosponsor and original sponsor of other  legislation: the Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act and  the Fowler and Boskoff Peaks Designation Act. Charlie Fowler and  Christine Boskoff, who tragically lost their lives in China in an  avalanche in 2006, were world-renowned climbers. We are naming two  peaks after them in Colorado.   This bill authorizes a feasibility study for the Pike National  Historic Trail.   It authorizes a bill that we worked on with Senator Cantwell--the  Wildfire Management Technology Advancement Act of 2017, a bill designed  to protect men and women in firefighting from harm and injury and to  give them greater tools on the behavior of fire.   Every single one of these bills in the package has undergone  extensive public review in the Senate and the House. They have gone  through a lot of legislative process.   I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for getting to this  moment as we pass this very critically important piece of legislation.   I yield the floor.   