 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of title II of this  resolution to establish a new Select Committee on the Modernization of  Congress, and I start by thanking Chairman McGovern and the Speaker for  their collaboration over the past several months as they formed this  plan.   Let me say something that the American people know to be true, and  that is that this House is a fixer-upper. Every time the American  people feel like they don't have a say and nothing gets done, or every  time a bill is written behind closed doors and passed without debate,  the American people lose their faith in the ideal that formed this  body, the idea that they have the ability to shape the outcome of what  happens here.   It is time to rebuild this institution so it lives up to the motto  that serves as this Nation's motto that hangs in this room: E pluribus  unum, out of many, one.   Now, every 20 years or so, there has been an effort to reform and  modernize this House. There has been an acknowledgment that like any  other functional organization, it is worth diagnosing what is working  and what isn't, and determining how to have it perform better.   This committee that is established with today's vote will empower  Members to help Congress to work better and to be more responsive to  the American people, a Congress that will lead to the advancement of  shared goals between the parties, and a reform system that allows the  435 people lucky enough to work here to have meaningful outcomes to  show for their work, to produce solutions.   Look, we are on the cusp of a new era. We need to rise to the  challenge by modernizing this legislative body so that we can fulfill  the priorities of the Nation that elected each one of us to represent  them. I truly believe that this select committee will help us chart a  better course, one where consensus is not only sought but actually  achieved, where we can finally make progress on our Nation's greatest  challenges by developing proposals with broad bipartisan support and  allowing them to move through regular order, looking at key issues like  the use of technology, looking at how to cultivate leadership, and  looking at operational changes to this body.   I believe that modernizing this institution is the key to settling  our diverse country's most pressing challenges and restoring the  public's faith in Congress.   Again, I commend Chairman McGovern and the Speaker for leading the  way forward by establishing this committee. I also take a moment to  thank some of the folks behind the scenes who have worked really hard  to bring this plan to fruition, people like Don Sisson and the Rules  Committee Democratic staff, and Jamie Fleet and the House  Administration Committee Democratic staff, who spent countless hours  working to bring us to today.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution so  that this committee and Congress can finally get to work.   