 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, it is long past time that we get serious  about putting our fiscal house in order.   This division costs nearly $74 billion, which is an increase of  nearly $10 billion from the fiscal year 2019 enacted level.   My amendment is simple. It cuts spending in this division by 14  percent, while exempting amounts made available to the Department of  Defense. This reduction would bring the nondefense spending in this  division down to the level required to avoid busting the budget caps  and avert triggering a sequestration, which harms our national defense.   Unfortunately, the spending package that we have before us continues  to propel us down the path of reckless spending that brought us to  having a national debt of $22 trillion.   With these minibus packages, my friends on the other side of the  aisle are proposing to bust the budget caps by nearly $90 billion when  all is said and done. This will force dangerous cuts to our national  defense through sequestration, and that is wholly unacceptable to me  and my constituents in northeast Indiana.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, what the other side is proposing is both  reckless and irresponsible.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to bust the budget  caps to fulfill liberal spending priorities and, in the process, put  our national security at risk.   In Indiana, Hoosiers understand that you cannot spend more than you  take in, and it is long past time for Washington to adopt that Hoosier  common sense.   Again, my amendment is simple. It reduces spending in this division  by 14 percent. It protects our defense priorities and brings us closer  to avoiding the devastating harm to national security that would result  from sequestration.   Mr. Chairman, I am not going to give up. I am going to keep coming  back to this microphone over and over and over again to propose 14  percent across-the-board spending cuts to each of these divisions. It  is what my constituents in northeast Indiana expect me to do, and it is  what is going to motivate me to keep coming back, to try to restore  some fiscal sanity to this body.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   