 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, as we consider the Violence Against Women  Act, or VAWA, reauthorization, I offer an amendment to allow for a  demonstration program that will issue grants to promote trauma-informed  training for law enforcement and other personnel.   The amendment is substantially similar to the Abby Honold Act, which  has been led by bipartisan Minnesota Members of Congress. The amendment  does not authorize new appropriations, but merely enables existing  funds to be used for training that ultimately could save lives and help  find the perpetrators of an assault.   The amendment aims to help victims of sexual crimes, in addition to  those who have experienced other forms of trauma, by improving the care  and treatment they receive after the event.   Specifically, the amendment will create a voluntary grant program to  train law enforcement agencies in evidence-based, trauma-informed  interview techniques to prevent retraumatization of victims, improve  communication between victims and law enforcement, and ensure accurate  and complete information is submitted to law enforcement.   The amendment and bill is in honor of Abby Honold, who attended the  University of Minnesota. Abby was the victim of rape, but I know her as  one of the bravest people I have ever met for being able to publicly  share her story and fight for changes to the law that will help  countless Americans.   During traumatic events, parts of the brain shut down and block  shocking experiences, shielding the victim, but affecting recollection.  When searching for evidence of criminal behavior, many interview  techniques are not developed to comfort the victim and effectively  access these memories. Information collected in the normal manner may  inhibit memory recall and accuracy of events and details. This often  leads to suspicion of the victim.   Thankfully, Abby was treated by a nurse who had been trained to  provide trauma-informed techniques that allowed the nurse to ask  sensitive questions in a respectful way that enabled an accurate  recount of events. Nurse Walther, who interviewed Abby, made her feel  comfortable, and by using the trauma-informed techniques, avoided  retraumatization.   The difference that we can make for victims by providing training for  these techniques will ensure that recovery and healing can occur for  victims of these traumatic instances.   Abby also encountered Officer Kevin Randolph, who went above and  beyond to help her win her case against her perpetrator because he  understood how these techniques lead to more accurate information and  ensured prosecution.   In Minnesota alone, 2,000 women report being raped or sexually  assaulted every year. Abby's Act will help law enforcement investigate  sexual assault cases and improve care and treatment for victims.   The amendment establishes a pilot program to train law enforcement,  first responders, university officials, or any  [[Page H3041]]  other personnel who interface with victims of sexual violence in  trauma-informed techniques focused on preventing retraumatization of  the victim, improving communication and rapport between victims and law  enforcement, as well as collaboration between the different entities  that assist a victim of sexual violence.   Sexual assault is a crime, and it is vital for law enforcement to  have accurate and complete information to prosecute it. For Abby and  for the thousands of victims who experience trauma, this is a key part  of their recovery process, as is a compassionate response in the  immediate aftermath of an event.   This pilot program would be an important step forward to provide  better treatment to sexual assault victims in crisis and to make  certain it is treated like the serious crime that it is.   I am disappointed that the bill before us today will be a partisan  vote and Republicans on the Judiciary Committee were excluded from the  process, but I offer this bipartisan amendment as a demonstration that  we can still work together.   I also hope the Senate considers this body's overwhelming support for  the Abby Honold Act as it contemplates VAWA reauthorization.   Abby has been a strong advocate for the use of trauma-informed care  by law enforcement, and I have been fortunate to work with her and our  law enforcement community on this important legislation.   A good first step to holding those accountable is ensuring law  enforcement has the tools and resources needed to investigate these  crimes.   This bill is just one step towards solving a clear problem across our  country.   Victims of sexual assault deserve the best possible care and the most  compassionate response following their trauma, and we can provide it  now. We must all work together to ensure these crimes are treated as  the heinous acts they are, with the hope that one day they cease  altogether.   