 Mr. President, I thank the good Senator from Mississippi.   This weekend, our Nation will mark the 50th anniversary of the Apollo  11 Moon landing. This was a tremendous feat for our country.   In recognition of this true American triumph, I am cosponsoring a  Senate resolution celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Moon landing.  Our resolution recognizes the vision of President Kennedy and the hard  work and the ingenuity of the men and women of NASA who made it  possible for our Nation to achieve what seemed to be an impossible goal  at the time.   Like many Americans, I can still remember the excitement of seeing  the American flag planted on the Moon and hearing Neil Armstrong say  the famous line, ``That's one small step for man, one giant leap for  mankind.''   Truly it was a giant leap. NASA not only helped develop technologies  to put astronauts on the Moon, but these technologies have benefited  industries, including our military, the medical field, energy, and many  others.   We all know NASA is a premiere center for scientific research and  technological advancement, but it is important to remember that NASA's  mission includes not only space but also aeronautics.   As our Nation did during the space race, we are now working to stay  at the forefront of new technologies, including unmanned aerial  systems. In particular, I want to highlight the research NASA is doing  right now in support of unmanned aviation. NASA is designing an  unmanned air traffic management system that will provide air traffic  control for unmanned aircraft operations. This traffic management  project is critical to unlocking the potential of unmanned aviation,  from package delivery to pipeline inspections.   NASA is at the forefront of this effort to make unmanned flights safe  and efficient for a multitude of operators. North Dakota works right  along with NASA toward this goal, with a UAS test site that is helping  advance all aspects of unmanned aviation. In fact, they were recently  selected by the FAA to host an unmanned traffic pilot program and have  developed a strong partnership with NASA to research, develop, and  demonstrate this technology.    I continue to support funding for unmanned traffic management  research because I am confident that NASA, with the help of its  industry partners, as well as our test site in North Dakota, will meet  this complex technological challenge. By making a relatively small  investment in unmanned traffic management research today, NASA is going  to help unlock billions of dollars in economic activity in the not-too- distant future.   We have worked hard to ensure that North Dakota is an important part  of exploring this new NASA frontier, and we are thrilled to help  realize the wide variety of benefits that unmanned aviation will bring,  making our Nation more prosperous and secure, and we can only imagine  where we will be 50 years from today.   I yield the floor to the great Senator from the great State of  Mississippi.   