 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 729, which I am proud to  offer with my colleagues from New York, Representatives Morelle,  Brindisi, and Stefanik.   This amendment would explicitly authorize the U.S. Geological Survey  to conduct research on harmful algal bloom, or HAB, development within  the Great Lakes Basin system. This research would help to address  significant risks that algal blooms pose to freshwater ecosystems,  including the production of toxins that endanger humans and animal  life.   These hazards are all too familiar to the community that I represent  in central New York, which has faced a rising number of outbreaks in  recent years. In these instances, outbreaks have jeopardized the  availability of clean drinking water for my constituents and directly  impacted the health of our lakefront communities.   Unfortunately, this issue extends beyond my district and even further  beyond the Great Lakes. These algal blooms have been recorded in all 50  States, necessitating increased Federal support for research and  mitigation efforts nationwide.   Research conducted in the Great Lakes under this amendment would help  to stem the increasing spread of this toxic threat and provide peace of  mind to at-risk communities.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Hawaii. I urge  adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H9995]]    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 729, the  Coastal and Great Lakes Communities Enhancement Act. This amendment  would extend the eligibility for grant funding under H.R. 729 to  projects that assess the impact of Great Lakes water level management  practices on coastal resiliency.   My constituents on Lake Ontario's southern shore have faced record  high and oftentimes catastrophic water levels in 2 of the last 3 years.  These rising levels have resulted in catastrophic flood damage and  coastal erosion, threatening the physical well-being of our communities  and posing an existential threat to the local economy.   As water levels continue to rise across the Great Lakes, it is  important that we thoroughly evaluate all the factors that contribute  to the health of our coastal communities, including the water level  management procedures that are supposed to mitigate those threats to  our coasts.   My amendment will provide necessary support to projects that include  a thorough evaluation of these procedures as a part of the broader  effort to improve coastal resiliency across the Great Lakes.   I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment, but I will  note that my colleague from Hawaii is right in that this needs to be  properly administered if it is, in fact, made into law.   One of the problems we have in the Great Lakes in general is the high  water levels. What we have on Lake Ontario is something called the  International Joint Commission, which I would argue is not properly  administering the water levels and is contributing greatly to the  problem.   This amendment is meant, in part, to address that and to have more  uniformity with respect to the application of water levels and  considering more the impact on the coastal shorelines from those  regulations.   I yield back the balance of my time.   