 Thank you, Cliff. It is always a distinct privilege to be  back in this revered Chamber and to see so many of my good friends and  former colleagues here.   On behalf of FMC, I appreciate the Speaker's invitation to return to  this wonderful place and to present to Congress FMC's 49th annual  report.   I will be joined by some of our colleagues in reporting on FMC's  activities and vision for the future.   I also am submitting, for the Record, a more detailed review of FMC's  2018 activities.   First, I would like to ask the Clerk to call the roll.   The Clerk called the roll and the following Members answered  ``present'':   Mr. Blanchard of Michigan   Mr. Coyne of Pennsylvania   Mr. Carr of Michigan   Mr. DioGuardi of New York   Mr. Frost of Texas   Mr. Gingrey of Georgia   Mr. Goodlatte of Virginia   Mr. Green of Texas   Mr. Hertel of Michigan   Mr. Jones of Oklahoma   Ms. Kennelly of Connecticut   Mr. Kolbe of Arizona   Mr. Konnyu of California   Mr. Kopetski of Oregon   Mr. Lancaster of North Carolina   Ms. Lincoln of Arkansas   Mr. Matheson of Utah   Mr. McMillen of Maryland   Mr. Mica of Florida   Ms. Morella of Maryland   Mr. Murphy of Pennsylvania   Mr. Payne of Virginia   Mr. Rahall of West Virginia   Mr. Slattery of Kansas   Mr. Stearns of Florida   Mr. Tanner of Tennessee   Mr. Weldon of Florida    Thank you all for joining us today. As I prepared for  today's report, it brought back many, many happy memories of my 26  years serving in this august body.   For all of us, service in this remarkable building was the pinnacle  of our professional lives, and I know that for each and every one of us  there are memories that will forever remind us of the great privilege  we enjoyed as a representative of our constituents.   For me, these memories include great friendships with colleagues from  both sides of the aisle, working with terrific and talented young  people as a part of my staff, and pushing forward pieces of legislation  that I know have made a huge, positive difference.   By serving in Congress, we were given the opportunity to serve our  country and its citizens. I am very proud that through FMC we can  continue, in a small measure, the public service that brought us to  Congress in the first place.   My colleagues and I will describe later in this report the many  projects through which FMC Members continue to give back.   As you know, every year during our annual meeting we seek to  recognize a colleague for her or his exemplary public service before,  during and after Congress. This tradition was started in 1974, when we  recognized President Gerry Ford with our first Distinguished Service  Award and has continued annually since. Other recipients include Tip  O'Neill, Bob Michel, Jack Kemp, Tom Foley, and many others.    The award rotates between the parties, and this year a Republican  former Member is slated to be recognized.   When our executive committee started considering whom to honor,  immediately Connie Morella of Maryland emerged as the clear favorite,  and, by unanimous consent, we agreed that she should be our 2019  Distinguished Service honoree.   I now invite Connie to join me here at the dais.   Connie, I have a few remarks, and then you will have the opportunity  to say something also.   Connie Morella, former Member of the House of Representatives and  former ambassador, exemplifies like few others a commitment to serving  her community and her Nation.   Her entire career, since earning her B.A. from Boston University, was  focused on public service. Initially, that service was in education as  a secondary school teacher in Montgomery County. Though impossible to  confirm, I would guess that Montgomery County is the place in America  with the highest number of residents able to quote Shakespeare, thanks  to her.   She became active in politics based on an issue that defined her  political career: women's rights.   Little did she know, when she became involved with the League of  Women Voters, that she herself would become a trailblazer, an  inspiration, and a mentor to countless women leaders spanning  generations.   After serving in the Maryland House of Delegates for 8 years, she ran  for  [[Page H3733]]  Congress and commenced a 16-year career in the House of  Representatives. She quickly became known as a thoughtful, energetic,  and pragmatic legislator who was able to forge bipartisan consensus and  bring Members together on even the most difficult issues.   After leaving Congress in 2003, President Bush appointed her our  Ambassador to the OECD, where she served until 2007.   Upon returning to the United States, Connie became active in a number  of issues and organizations, and luckily FMC was one of them.   The years she served as FMC's president, 2012 through 2014, were some  of our most productive, and she lay the foundation for all the success  FMC has enjoyed since.   On behalf of the membership, board of directors, and staff of FMC, it  is with great personal pleasure that I present our 2019 Distinguished  Service Award to an outstanding American and an exemplary public  servant: Connie Morella of Maryland.   Some of you who attended our dinner may remember that someone on the  stage dropped the award, and I am going to be careful not to drop this  one.   Connie, in addition to our award, we also have collected for you a  great many letters of congratulations from your colleagues, and we have  a book of those letters.   Anyone who has not contributed their letter can submit it to the  office, and we will make sure that Connie gets that.   We now would be thrilled for you to share some remarks. But let's put  this down so neither one of us drops it.    And, Connie, I know it may come as a great surprise to  you, but the great State of Texas that Gene Green and I represented was  one of the first States in the country to pass the Equal Rights  Amendment.    I am not sure the current legislature would have done the  same thing, but that was a different era.   Again, congratulations to you, Connie, and thank you so much for all  you have done and continue to do for FMC.   It is now my great honor in my capacity as president of FMC to report  on FMC's activities for 2018 and 2019.   We are one of a very small group of nonprofits that have a  congressional charter, and as such, we are required to report to  Congress every year on our past activities. I will give a broad  overview of our past work and have submitted for the Record a more  detailed written report.  [[Page H3734]]    Now, I must note that the very competent staff member who prepared  these remarks doesn't realize that some of us from the South speak more  slowly than some other people from the rest of the country, so Phil  Gingrey, who will speak later, and I will try to speed it up as much as  we can.   Our association was founded in 1970 and chartered by Congress 13  years later, in 1983. We are completely bipartisan and see our mission  as informing about Congress and bridging the political divide. That  mission is translated into programs that bring former Members together  with student audiences across the Nation, focusing on civics and public  service.   We also further our mission by creating programs and study missions  involving current Members of Congress on a bipartisan basis. This work,  over the years, has been extended to now include congressional staff,  both from the D.C. offices as well as district directors across the  Nation. We are successful because Republicans and Democrats, whether  former Members or current Members, come together in partnership with a  willingness to work together for the common good.    We are proud to have been chartered by Congress, and we are equally  proud that absolutely no taxpayer dollar is earmarked or expended to  make our programs possible. Everything FMC does is financed via grants  and sponsors, our membership dues, and our annual fundraising gala, the  Statesmanship Awards Dinner.   Our colleagues L.F. Payne and Mike Ferguson led our fundraising  efforts for the most recent gala dinner at the Mellon Auditorium, and I  am extremely pleased to report that, thanks to their leadership and the  incredible efforts of a great many former Members, we had our most  successful fundraising dinner when we honored Senator Burr and Senator  Klobuchar, as well as the House Problem Solvers Caucus and the  Lufthansa Group for their corporate philanthropy. My thanks to all our  colleagues who work so hard on this outstanding event.   Thanks to this success as well as our year-round fundraising efforts,  I can report to Congress and the FMC membership that our finances are  sound, our projects are fully funded, and our most recent annual audit  by an outside accountant confirmed we are running FMC in a fiscally  sound, responsible, and transparent manner. And let me stress again  that no taxpayer dollars are earmarked for our work, that everything we  do is self-funded.   Let me stress, also, that we are a volunteer organization, and our  programs have an impact because our members, on a bipartisanship basis,  contribute to us their knowledge and time. We are successful because  former Representatives and Senators come together, across party lines,  for the good of our organization, and they do so on a pro bono basis.  They believe in our mission, and they continue to have the public  servant's heart.   Former Members of Congress, in 2018, donated to FMC over 7,000 hours  of energy, wisdom, mentoring, and expertise without receiving any  compensation for it. Their own remuneration is the knowledge that they  are giving back, that serving in Congress was a unique privilege and it  comes with the mandate to encourage and empower the next generation.   On behalf of FMC, I want to thank all of our colleagues who have  contributed their time and expertise to make FMC such a great success.   We are extremely proud of our nearly 50-year history creating lasting  and impactful programs that teach about Congress and representative  government, at home and abroad. Next year will be FMC's 50th birthday,  and it is truly amazing how much we have accomplished.   Let me give you a brief overview of 2018 and also a vision for 2019  and beyond.   Over the past 12 months, our FMC staff has conceived, organized,  advertised, and implemented almost 100 events to move our mission  forward. This is an astonishing number for a staff of 11 that relies  completely on former Member volunteers for all our projects.   These events ranged from meeting with middle school students right  here in the House Chamber to talk to them about the many  responsibilities a Member of Congress has, to week-long study missions  where current Member delegations, split evenly between the parties,  traveled to countries, including Germany, Japan, and Korea, to study  issues such as trade and security.   Our programming has included hundreds of current Members, former  Members, senior congressional staff, and district directors. Most  recently, we expanded our group of constituents to also include  communications directors of congressional offices. They work with us  because they know we are completely bipartisan, 100 percent  nonadvocacy, and that we seek to tell the positive story of our  extraordinary representative democracy. Allow me to share with you some  highlights of our work.   You will hear more detail about our Congressional Study Groups in a  second, but for 2018, we are proudest of the incredible level of  activity and impact of our newest Study Group: the Congressional Study  Group on Korea. It shows how timely and right from the headlines our  work is.   We launched the Korea program in February of 2018 and have since  sent, to Korea, several current Member, former Member, and  congressional staff delegations under the study group's umbrella. The  Korea program now joins our other longstanding international projects:  the Congressional Study Group on Germany, the Congressional Study Group  on Japan, and the Congressional Study Group on Europe.   In addition to a great many Capitol Hill events, over the past 12  months, we have sent numerous congressional delegations overseas, some  for current Members, others for chiefs of staff, and a number for  district directors, and just last month, our very first communications  directors delegation--all bipartisan.   The purpose of these trips is to educate our participants on specific  issues affecting U.S. international relations--mostly trade and  security questions. An important side effect is the opportunity of  building across-the-aisle relationships and to create a network of  peers that transcends party labels and partisanship. All of these  trips, of course, go through the rigorous process of ethics review, and  we ensure 100 percent compliance with all regulations governing travel  by Members or staff.   These international projects are just one component of our work to  create bipartisan relationships and strengthen our representative  democracy. Domestically, the main focus of our work is reconnecting  citizens with their government, highlighting the responsibilities of  citizenship and dispelling many of the myths that are out there when it  comes to Congress.   First and foremost, we are incredibly proud of our Congress to Campus  program. For over 30 years, we have sent a bipartisan team of former  Members to meet with university audiences across the country. These are  not simple meet-and-greet events where the Members drop in for a quick  speech with some Q&A. Instead, these visits are a 3-day commitment by  our former Members team so that the university can make the best  possible use of FMC as a resource.    We now average about 30 visits during the academic year, which is  incredible, given that, as recently as 15 years ago, we averaged about  5. Also, many of our Congress to Campus visits now include a visit to a  local high school or even a middle school, so that we are reaching an  even broader audience with our FMC team. Sharon Witiw of our staff, who  runs this program, is to thank for this great expansion.   We work hand in glove with each university so that each visit is  tailored specifically to the school's needs and curriculum. Our  colleagues walk into different classroom settings throughout the day,  sometimes engaging in discussions about U.S. foreign policy, at other  times focusing on questions such as money in politics.   The outcome of each Congress to Campus visit is twofold: to showcase  a partisan, yet respectful debate on the issues of the day; and to  encourage in the next generation a respect for public service that may  translate into future work on Capitol Hill.   We have reached thousands upon thousands of students, and through our  own polling can demonstrate that we are making a positive difference  when it comes to attitudes about Congress and about elected officials.  You will hear more about this and our other civic education initiatives  when I yield  [[Page H3735]]  the floor for that report in just a little bit.   Our work to reconnect citizens with their government takes many  different forms. For example, we have a longstanding partnership with  the National Archives, bringing former Members and other issue experts  together with the public for a conversation about issues affecting all  of us. Our next National Archives panel will be on June 13 for a  conversation about female candidates for office and the extra  challenges women face in the political world.   What I have described thus far is just a small part of the work we  have done on our membership's behalf. And while programs such as  Congress to Campus or the Congressional Study Group on Germany are  longstanding undertakings that we have offered to the public for  decades, they, along with our existing projects, all were infused with  a new energy, vision, and enthusiasm thanks to the extensive strategic  planning process that we briefed you on for the past 2 years.   Let me again thank Mark Sobol, who is here today, a highly respected  expert in the field of strategic planning and organization management,  who donated to us completely free of charge his tremendous expertise to  help FMC achieve the next level of professionalism and impact. He  helped us craft an extremely thoughtful and visionary strategic plan,  which the FMC board approved a little over 2 years ago.   Since then, the effect of this incredibly important exercise can be  felt in all aspects of the organization. We--our board of directors and  the exceptional FMC staff--have made great strides in implementing this  plan, for example, when it comes to branding FMC as a unique authority  on Congress, unparalleled in our expertise and experience.   We now have a much more focused media strategy, have unified our  current Member programming with our former Member programming under one  logo and one recognizable brand, and are much better at pushing out our  message of bipartisanship using social media, for example. Paul Kincaid  is responsible for our message, and I thank him for his good work.   Over the summer, our staff put together an outstanding board of  directors retreat, where we came together to refine and review the  strategic plan and brainstorm about best ways to continue to implement.   One idea that stemmed from the board retreat was the notion that  FMC's board and staff could benefit from additional voices and creative  input, beyond just former Members of Congress. FMC, therefore, created  an Advisory Board comprised of valued members of our Study Groups'  Business Advisory Council. The inaugural group of Advisory Board  members are: Majida Mourad of Tellurian, Nancy Ziuzin Schlegel of  Lockheed, Anna Schneider of Volkwagen, and Dr. David Steel of Samsung.  To round out this group, we were pleased that our long-time consultant  and friend Mark Sobol of Longwave Partners accepted FMC's invitation as  well.   The Advisory Board, committed to bipartisanship and meaningful  conversation and dialogue, will provide FMC with a unique perspective  on the critical issues of the day and suggestions on how we engage our  membership and partners to strengthen and streamline our mission. We  thank each of these great friends of FMC for their commitment to our  mission.   I am also more than pleased to report to you that a brand-new website  showcasing our new logo and look has gone live since the last report to  Congress. This has been a major focus of my predecessor, Cliff Stearns  of Florida, who kept asking: When is the logo going to be up? When is  the website going to be up? And he finally got his answer during his 2  years as FMC's president. I am thrilled that all of his hard work came  to fruition with the new website, which reflects much more accurately  the vibrant and impactful organization we have become.    Thank you, Cliff, for your leadership on this, and congratulations to  our staff member Alia Diamond, who did such a tremendous job creating  our new website.   As I look at FMC's future, some very exciting new initiatives stand  out. We are using our Congress to Campus model to include a greater  outreach into the community. We call this new initiative our Insight  into Congress project. We took the idea for a test run just last week  in Austin, Texas, with Gene Green, who is here today.   Two former Members, Gene Green and Randy Neugebauer, went to Austin  not to meet with a single university, but different aspects of the  whole community. This included several events hosted by Samsung with  their local workforce and executives, as well as high schools, the  chamber of commerce, and others. We think this could be a really  interesting expansion of the work we already do under Congress to  Campus.   Also, late last year, we implemented, for a second time, a new  project as part of our American Democracy and Civics programs. We  brought together a bipartisan group of four current Members, two  Democrats and two Republicans, hosted in his Boston district by  Joe  Kennedy, and put a program together for the four of them to meet with  several high schools, universities, and public forums. Again, this is  an exciting expansion of the type of work we do, we already do well via  Congress to Campus, and I congratulate the staff on building on our  obvious strengths.   Last year, we reported to you on the commencement of the Legacy  program, which was conceived to interview retiring Members of Congress  so that, under the FMC umbrella, we can create an oral history of all  those who have served in the House and the Senate.   It is interesting: No one else was doing this on a comprehensive  basis, not the Library of Congress, not the Historian's Office. This is  something I think will have a lasting impact. And once these oral  histories have been transcribed and analyzed, we are donating them to  the Library of Congress, where they will be available for review.   I am pleased to report that we have already surpassed our initial  goal of 30 completed interviews and we are now moving forward with  analyzing the data we have collected, as well as expanding our  interview outreach.   We started with the people, some of whom are in this room, who left  at the end of the last Congress. I, along with five other Members, last  week had the honor of testifying before the House Select Committee on  the Modernization of Congress. When completed, we hope to present our  findings of the Legacy Project to the committee later this year.   I thank Mark Sobol and Lenny Steinhorn for being the driving force  behind this project, ably staffed by FMC's Patricia Ochs.   In addition, we continue to find opportunities for former Members to  travel--I know Members like to travel, both current and former--and be  ambassadors on behalf of our representative democracy.   Just last week, we dispatched a delegation of former Senators to  China. This is the 11th delegation over the past 6 years that we have  sent to Beijing and other Chinese cities so that we can play a small  role in fostering a better dialogue involving the United States and  China. These trips have been made possible thanks to two great  partners, the China-U.S. Exchange Foundation and the Chinese  Association for International Friendly Contact.   The impact of these former Member delegations is enhanced by Capitol  Hill programming, which we have been able to offer in partnership with  the Committee of 100, a U.S. nonprofit made up of the foremost  Americans of Chinese descent.   Later this year, we also will send another former Member delegation  to Korea. This group will be hosted by Jay Kim, a former Member from  California and head of the Jay Kim Foundation. Jay's wife, Jennifer  Ahn, has been instrumental in putting this trip together.   Our other host is the Korea Peace Sharing Foundation. I wish to pay  special tribute to the head of that wonderful organization, Reverend  Kang Suk So, a senior pastor of Sae Eden Presbyterian Church in Seoul.  Reverend So has made it his mission to bring peace to the Korean  Peninsula.   One of the many ways he seeks to accomplish that lofty goal is by  bringing veterans of the Korean war back to Korea for remembrance,  tribute, and recognition. He has tirelessly invested his energy, focus,  and fundraising success in making it possible for countless  [[Page H3736]]  Korean war veterans to return to Korea and witness for themselves the  new Korea that they made possible via their sacrifice.   Reverend So is now engaging in a cross-cultural dialogue and is  making former Members of Congress part of that important undertaking.   Thanks to him and the congregation of the Sae Eden Presbyterian  Church, we are able to send former Members of Congress to Korea to  better understand its culture and rich history. His leadership is truly  inspirational.   As Members can see, the future for FMC is incredibly bright. We are  energized, and we are having tremendous success for three reasons.   One I already mentioned, which is the outstanding work our board and  staff have done to solidify our mission plan, put in achievable goals,  and strategize how best to move FMC forward.   The second reason is our amazing group of partners. These are  corporations that donate to us, especially via the Statesmanship Awards  Dinner, because they believe in our purpose and recognize the positive  impact we are having. These partners also include outstanding grant- giving entities: the Sasakawa Peace Foundation, the German Marshall  Fund, the Hewlett Foundation Madison Initiative, the Democracy Fund,  the Korea Society and the Korea Foundation, and the Japan-U.S.  Friendship Commission, to name just a few. They believe in our  capabilities and are giving us the opportunity to grow and create long- lasting programming. We appreciate them very much.   The third and most important reason is my fellow former Members of  Congress, who donate to us their time, their expertise, their wisdom,  and their leadership. As I said earlier, the 7,000 hours of combined  former Member time has been donated to us pro bono by our membership. I  thank them for that.   I have to warn former Members, our demand for their time and goodwill  is only increasing. As we all know, there are many challenges our  Nation faces, and FMC can play a pivotal role in bringing people  together. This Nation's strength has always been found in its ability  to unite and move the country forward for the greater good.   FMC, like no other organization, can build bridges between Democrats  and Republicans, build bridges between those being represented and  those doing the representing, and build bridges between one generation  of public servants and the next. To do so will require more and more  commitment to our work, and I am sure former Members of Congress will  rise to the occasion.   In anticipation of former Members' support, I thank them from the  bottom of my heart.   I want to interject one thing, and I am not the only one who fits in  this category. A number of us have former staff members who now sit in  Congress. My former field representative, Marc Veasey, is a Congressman  from the Dallas-Fort Worth area today. I know other former Members have  provided the exact same mentorship to people on their staff and people  whom they knew in their community, and I thank them for that.   As Members have heard, this is FMC's 49th report to Congress, which  means that, next year, we will celebrate our 50th anniversary. This is  a tremendous achievement for a small nonprofit that was originally  conceived as purely an alumni group with the occasional social  gathering.   We have come a long way, and it is thanks to the volunteerism of the  membership that we can look forward to celebrating 50 outstanding  years.   Before getting to the business of electing our new board members, I  do want to recognize two of my colleagues to give just a little bit  more detail about our domestic and international governing.    I first invite Jim Coyne from Pennsylvania to focus on FMC's civic  education program. He will be followed by FMC board member Phil Gingrey  from Georgia to speak about our international programs.    Thank you, Jim and Phil, for your reports and for your  outstanding leadership of these important FMC programs.   I would note for the Record that, since we called the roll, several  people have come into the room. I notice Barbara Kennelly, former  president of our organization--I don't know if she was here when the  roll was called--Blanche Lincoln, a former Member of the House and a  former Member of the Senate from Arkansas; John Tanner from Tennessee;  and, also, Jim Jones, a former Congressman and a former Ambassador.   I also would like to recognize several representatives of the  Congressional Federal Credit Union, and I thank them for their many  years of partnership and support.   Normally, at this juncture in our report, I would highlight each FMC  staff member, briefly describe their areas of responsibility, and add a  personal note since I have worked so closely with each of them over the  past several years. I cannot do so this year simply because our team  has grown so much. We are now up to 12 FMC staff members, so there is  just not enough time anymore to recognize each individually.   However, I do want to highlight two names. First, our CEO, Pete  Weichlein. As you may know, he has been with FMC in various positions  since February 1, 1999, which means that, earlier this year, he  celebrated his 20th anniversary with us. Pete is brimming full of  ideas. He is energetic and he is thoughtful. My job as President is to  point out the one or two of his ideas that may not be quite as good as  the others. He really does an extraordinary job for us, and I want to  thank him.   The other staff member I want to salute is our COO, Sabine Schleidt.  She joined FMC over 8 years ago and has been the driving force behind  so much of our tremendous growth and success. Now, I know Sabine was  here. She must be working on the next piece of our business, the next  event.   Sabine is extraordinary, for those of you who haven't worked with  her. She oversees all of our international programs, and she also-- which I know L.F., as one of our dinner chairs, was grateful, and I, as  president, was grateful--raises a lot of money for us. She is really  very good, and we are very fortunate to have her.   At this point, let me also recognize a representative of the Canadian  Association of Former Parliamentarians. As you know, our closest  working relationships are with our colleagues in Ottawa and our  colleagues in Brussels.   We have enjoyed, over the years, many joint projects, such as  election monitoring. The Canadian Association is a wonderful partner  and resource to us, and we are thrilled that one of its board members,  Eleni Bakopanos from Quebec, is with us here this morning and  throughout the day.   Thank you so much for joining us.   By the way, she is from Montreal, and if any of you need to know the  best Greek restaurants in Montreal, you should check with her before  you go.   As a personal note, several years ago, our organization sponsored a  joint mission, a joint visit to the Normandy Battlefield with former  Members of the Canadian Parliament. It was an extraordinary trip. Not  only did we visit our battlefield sites, but also the Canadians, both  from World War I and World War II.   Canada, per capita, lost an extraordinary number of soldiers during  those two wars. We will be forever grateful for their partnership then  and their partnership now.   I thank you so much for joining us. I hope you enjoy the rest of the  program. This is a friendly group. I am sure they will come up and  visit with you.   Every year at our annual meeting, we ask the membership to elect new  officers and board members. I, therefore, will now read to you the  names of the candidates for board members and officers. They are  all running unopposed, and I, therefore, ask for a simple ``yea'' or  ``nay'' as I present to you the list of candidates as a slate.    For the Association's Board of Directors Class of 2019, the  candidates are:   Ann Marie Buerkle of New York,   Bob Clement of Tennessee,  [[Page H3740]]    Donna Edwards of Maryland,   Phil Gingrey of Georgia,   Tim Hutchinson of Arkansas,   L.F. Payne of Virginia,   Tim Petri of Wisconsin, and   Nick Rahall of West Virginia.   Some of these are repeat board members. They have served previously.  We are glad that they will continue to serve.   All in favor of electing these seven former Members to FMC's board of  directors, please say ``yea.''   Not hearing any ``nays'' they are elected.   Next, we will elect our Executive Committee. Charles Boustany serves  as our vice president. He and I were elected last year to a 2-year  term, and we, therefore, are not up for reelection.   Cliff Stearns automatically remains on the Executive Committee in his  capacity as immediate past president.   The secretary and treasurer are each elected to a 1-year term, with  eligibility for another 1-year term. The candidates are:   Ann Marie Buerkle of New York for treasurer, and   L.F. Payne of Virginia for secretary.   All in favor of electing these two former Members to FMC's Executive  Committee, please say ``yea.''   Any opposed?   Hearing no opposition, the slate has been elected by the membership.   I thank you all for volunteering to serve on our board, and I very  much look forward to working with you again over the next year.   It is now my sad duty to inform the Congress of those former and  current Members who have passed away since our last report.   As you know, FMC has commenced a beautiful tradition, which is to  recognize via a separate memorial service in Statuary Hall all those of  our colleagues who have passed away in the previous 12 months. It is a  truly wonderful and fitting tribute to which we invite the families of  these Members, and I hope you will join us in September as we do so  again this year.   I would note that we have patterned this after a very similar service  conducted by the Canadian Parliament. I had the privilege of  representing this organization at the annual meeting of the former  Members of the Canadian Parliament and got to see this ceremony  firsthand, and thank you for that, too.   It is a truly wonderful and fitting tribute to which we invite the  families of these Members, and I hope you will join us in September as  we do so again this year.   We also want to pay tribute to these Members by making sure their  names are read here in the House Chamber and they are included in  today's Congressional Record. I, therefore, will now read the names,  and I ask all of you, including the visitors in the gallery, to rise as  I read their names. At the end of the list, we will pay our respect to  their memory with a moment of silence.   Thank you.   We honor these Members for their service to our country. They are:   Birch Evans Bayh of Indiana   Leonard Boswell of Iowa   Bill Broomfield of Michigan   George H.W. Bush of Texas, a former Member of the House of  Representatives   Michael ``Mac'' Collins of Georgia   Ronald Dellums of California   John Dingell, Jr. of Michigan   Ralph Hall of Texas   James Hansen of Utah   Margaret Heckler of Massachusetts   Ernest ``Fritz'' Hollings of South Carolina   Walter ``Dee'' Huddleston of Kentucky   Walter B. Jones, Jr. of North Carolina   Paul Laxalt of Nevada   Marilyn Lloyd of Tennessee   Richard Lugar of Indiana   John McCain of Arizona   Guy Molinari of New York   Jim Moody of Wisconsin   Dick Nichols of Kansas   Ed Pastor of Arizona   Elizabeth Patterson of South Carolina   Ellen Tauscher of California   Harris Wofford of Pennsylvania.   Please observe a moment of silence.   Thank you.   I notice in reading this list that I served with a number of these  Members, as did, I think, most of the people in this room. I hope you  will join us in September when we officially mark this occasion.   Thank you. That concludes the 49th Report to Congress by the Former  Members of Congress. On behalf of FMC, I wish to thank the Speaker and  minority leader for giving us the opportunity to return to this very  special place and report on FMC's activities.   I also wish to share with you how incredibly honored I am to be  serving as the president of this outstanding organization. We do  wonderful work, and our membership's commitment is a testament to how  dear you all hold this institution.   I would mention, and I think you have all gotten a copy of this, that  we have a program for most of this day. I hope that many of you will  attend these events.   We have a reception in the Rayburn House Office Building starting at  9:30 and then a program about space policy, 50 years after Apollo 11,  also in the Rayburn Building. Then we adjourn to the National Archives,  and our colleague, Jim Blanchard, is chairman of the board of the  National Archives. We appreciate everything you are doing to help us.    And unlike many people in this room, I have actually been  to Albania--it was an interesting experience--years and years ago, when  I chaired a special task force of the House of Representatives to help  the parliaments of Eastern and Central Europe after the Berlin Wall  opened.   And I believe we now turn this back over to Cliff.   Sometimes we have leadership of both parties that come and speaks to  us. I don't know if they were planning to come by today, but we are  actually ending a little bit early.   So if we miss them, we are sorry. We had hoped that they would come  by. They have done it in the past.    Next is our distinguished minority leader, Kevin McCarthy  from California.   