 Madam Speaker, Donald Trump is using the Presidency to  put his own personal gain above our national interests.   He is using our taxpayer dollars and foreign interference to cheat  the next election, and it jeopardizes our national security and  integrity at the ballot box.   Not a single fact in this case is seriously in dispute.   I ask my colleagues: Who sent his personal lawyer to Ukraine to  investigate his political rival? Who fired an ambassador who stood in  his way? Who conditioned a White House meeting on investigations that  only personally benefited him and not the national interest? Who cut  off military aid to an ally that desperately needed it? Who pressured  President Zelensky to conduct those investigations? Who stood on the  White House lawn and asked not only Ukraine to investigate his rival,  but also China? Who has buried evidence and blocked witnesses from  testifying? And who is still today sending his personal lawyer to  Ukraine to dig up dirt and rig an election?   The answer to all of these questions is President Donald Trump.   This is a crime spree in progress, but we know how to stop it:  courage.   Yes, this investigation has shown us how corrupt President Trump is,  but it has also shown us the courage of some of our fellow patriotic  civil servants, who have used their courage to not only stand up around  the world to extinguish corruption, but also to extinguish it at the  White House.   How so? Well, my colleagues argue: ``No harm, no foul. Ukraine got  the aid.''   Wrong. Trump cheated. Patriots caught him. Then Ukraine got the aid.   Standing up, it turns out, works.   Now is the time to summon the courage of those patriots and to summon  the courage that they showed against Donald Trump.   If they can risk their careers, even their lives, to do the right  thing, can my colleagues also do the same?   After all, more is on the line than just military aid to an ally.   Our national security is at stake. Stand up for that.   Our election integrity is at stake. Stand up for that.   Our Constitution is at stake. Stand up for that.   