 Madam Chair, I rise in support of this  legislation, to provide $12 billion in critical disaster relief for  North Carolina and other States recovering from devastating natural  disasters.   Last year, Hurricane Florence made landfall in the Carolinas with a  powerful storm surge, intense rainfall, and massive flooding. It  displaced thousands of individuals, many of whom still have not  returned to their damaged homes. Dozens of communities in eastern North  Carolina, some also hit by Hurricane Matthew in 2016, were entirely  inundated for the second time in as many years.   Meanwhile, other States like Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and  California have been hit by terrible hurricanes and wildfires. Puerto  Rico and other territories continue to slowly recover from powerful  storms and typhoons.  [[Page H634]]    This legislation will ensure that the Federal Government remains an  active partner in the recovery effort. It provides more than $1 billion  in flexible funding for the Community Development Block Grant Disaster  Recovery program, including resources for mitigation and resiliency  projects.   The bill would clear out a $1.5 billion backlog of emergency highway  and bridge repair projects, and it provides additional supplemental  funds for Army Corps construction projects along our coasts and rivers,  crop and livestock assistance for farmers, repairs at damaged military  installations, and other critical recovery activities.   It reflects bipartisan priorities and ensures that American citizens,  regardless of where they live, get the assistance they need to recover.   Unfortunately, disaster assistance, including funds that have already  been appropriated, will not be distributed to communities if this  government shutdown continues.   Madam Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this disaster  supplemental, which appropriately includes a provision to temporarily  reopen government.   The Trump shutdown has real consequences, Madam Chairman. The people  of North Carolina and other States who have suffered from natural  disasters cannot wait any longer. It is time for Congress, Democrats  and Republicans alike, to come together to end this shutdown.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, the National Environmental  Policy Act was first enacted in 1970, and since then, it has ensured  that new projects comply with environmental standards that protect both  human health and the environment. It is unwise and unnecessary to waive  these requirements as we undertake disaster recovery.   This amendment is particularly troubling when we consider that the  loss of wetlands has actually contributed, contributed heavily, to an  increase in coastal flooding from hurricanes.   A 2017 study led by the University of California Santa Cruz showed a  strong correlation between wetland cover and reduced property damage.  The study estimated that wetlands in New York and New Jersey prevented  a half a billion dollars in flood-related damage.   So our public policy should aim to reduce the impacts of future  disasters, which is why this bill contains more than $800 million in  mitigation funding.   To allow the Secretary to waive environmental requirements would  undermine the principle that disaster recovery efforts should ensure  communities are in a better position to withstand future natural  disasters.   Also, many disaster recovery projects involve multiple Federal  funding sources. This provision actually could slow down recovery  efforts, since HUD's environmental standards would no longer match  those of other Federal agencies.   If we are going to get serious about mitigating the effects of  climate change and the impacts of natural disasters, we need a robust  environmental framework, and for 49 years, NEPA has provided that  guidance.   This bill is not the place to discard decades of environmental  protections. I urge a ``no'' vote on the amendment.  [[Page H650]]    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time    Madam Chair, we have no objection to  this amendment, in fact, urge its adoption. The amendment ensures that  States and territories that have suffered from natural disasters in  2017 are made whole with respect to increased costs to repair public  infrastructure.    Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to  claim the time in opposition, even though I am not actually opposed to  the amendment.    Madam Chair, this amendment amends a  section of the base bill that sets out the sequence of assistance for  communities seeking relief.   The base bill maintains that CDBG-DR funding should be used after  grantees sought out funding from FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers  to meet any needs that remain.   Public Law 105-276 limits the use of CDBG-DR funding to $250,000 per  Army Corps of Engineers' project, and this provision would not be  changed by the amendment.   The amendment would allow communities to utilize CDBG-DR funds for a  project in advance of FEMA or Corps of Engineers' funding. The CDBG-DR  funding would still be subject to the usual limitations on duplication  of benefits.   I have some concern that the amendment's language is ambiguous with  respect to the phrase ``in excess of the authorized amount of the  project.'' I assume that the gentleman means the authorized amount by  FEMA or the Army Corps, respectively, and not an amount authorized by  HUD.   I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), if he would  respond and confirm my understanding.    The question, though, is: Authorized by  whom?    So when the amendment states the phrase  ``in excess of the authorized amount of the project,'' can I confirm  that the gentleman is saying that he means the authorized amount by  FEMA or the Army Corps and not the authorized amount by HUD?   Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman.   Given that understanding, the amendment is a modest change to the  existing program, and I have no objection.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. I am happy to express support for his amendment.   The amendment would clarify that HUD should follow existing law when  it comes to duplication of benefits with respect to SBA loans and CDBG- DR grants.   This is an issue that needs clarification. It has affected  individuals in my home State of North Carolina as well as people in  Louisiana, Texas, and other States recovering from recent disasters.   I agree, we shouldn't be penalizing individuals who take out an SBA  loan in good faith and then later discover that that makes them no  longer eligible for a CDBG-DR grant.   So I thank the gentleman for the amendment. It is a helpful  clarification of our intent, and I have no objection to the amendment.   