 Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank two of my good  friends, Ranking Member McClintock and Chairman Huffman, for the  cordial and elevated discussion today about something that might appear  small in the big scheme of things, particularly with what is going on  in Congress, but, nonetheless, is a good, working part of functioning  government on this House floor.   This is important to us in Nebraska, and it is important to the rest  of America. I am pleased that my good friend, Congressman Adrian Smith,  has been working on this effort to rename the Homestead National  Monument of America to the Homestead National Historical Park to clear  up some confusion. This small but important change will more accurately  reflect the nature and mission of this unique National Park Service  unit.   The Homestead Act of 1862, as we have heard, really did forever  change the direction of our Nation. Let me take us through a few facts  that have already been mentioned but I think worthwhile emphasizing.   In exchange for the $18 filing fee and just a commitment to improve  the land, any U.S. citizen could farm 160 acres and own it outright  after 5 years. Almost inconceivable to us today, but that is how this  began.   The National Park Service unit dedicated to telling the extraordinary  story of these incredible pioneers is located in Beatrice, Nebraska.   And I thank Chairman Huffman for clarifying how it is appropriately  pronounced: Beatrice, Nebraska.   Before redistricting earlier, I used to represent this area. It is  only about 50 minutes from my home in Lincoln, so it is a part of the  broad neighborhood of the First and Third Congressional Districts.   Homestead is located on the site of one of the first homestead claims  in the United States, and it commemorates the lives and accomplishments  of these early homesteaders. It also celebrates those hardy individuals  who, through harsh storms, brutal drought, wind, snow, and isolation,  actually helped grow this country.   This minor name change will clear up any confusion about this  important site because the word ``monument'' generally applies to a  single individual or a unique topographical feature. Homestead is so  much more. It is a unique piece of open prairie, as we have heard. It  houses the historical records of so many settlers, and many visitors  come looking to learn a little bit more about their ancestors.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to particularly recognize one individual,  Mr. Mark Engler, who is Homestead's superintendent and a friend of the  Nebraska delegation who sees us quite a lot, along with everyone else  in the Beatrice community who have helped to maintain Homestead as a  gem of the Midwest and a treasure for all Americans.   