 Mr. Chair, I appreciate Mr. McHenry yielding to me, and  I rise today in opposition to H.R. 4863, the United States Export  Finance Agency Act.   According to its charter, the mission of the Export-Import Bank is to  ``contribute to maintaining or increasing employment of United States  workers'' by subsidizing the export of U.S. goods and services to  foreign markets.   Over the years, Congress has amended Ex-Im's charter to reflect  numerous congressional interests regarding lending practices,  transparency, and foreign policy objectives, so much so, that the  Bank's charter has grown from four pages at its inception to more than  150 pages now, and with that expansion, we have seen the Bank expand  its portfolio to a staggering $135 billion.   Well, each reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank has afforded  Congress the opportunity to revisit the charter and to work for reform  and to modernize the Bank appropriately. However, this flawed partisan  proposal that we have before us today fails to make any meaningful  reforms to the Export-Import Bank.   Now, despite the claims that you are hearing across the aisle about  the company not being able to do business with China and Russia, this  simply isn't the fact.   In fact, I had an amendment, two amendments, that would have actually  not allowed the bank to deal with state-owned enterprises in China and  in Russia.   Now, why? Because of this: the human rights record in China is  deplorable. We are seeing it play out today in Hong Kong, literally,  right now.   We also know that we are battling the Belt and Road Initiative that  has been a Chinese initiative that has gone around the world, and it  has no business getting U.S. taxpayer dollars in support of it.   Well, this initiative allows the Bank to provide taxpayer financing  to entities owned and controlled by the Chinese Government, including  Chinese state-owned enterprises involved in military activities, human  rights abuses, and this Belt and Road Initiative.   At a time when China is diverting massive subsidies to state-owned  enterprises, specifically through the use of export subsidies, why  would Congress authorize the use of taxpayer dollars to make the  Chinese Communist Party's job easier? I am baffled by that.   Now, claims of the opposite can be repeated and they can be repeated  in louder and louder voices, but that still doesn't make it true.   The simple fact is my amendment that was rejected by the other side  of the aisle would have limited interaction with Chinese and Russian  state-owned actors.   Well, we all know that the primary goal of the Export-Import Bank is  to support American jobs through exports. However, any Ex-Im  reauthorization that doesn't address the strategic threat to our  national interests posed by China's economic and military efforts is  not in the best interests of American workers or jobs.    Mr. Chair, I will move quickly through this.   Yes, it is true, I have been a sharp critic of the Export-Import  Bank. I have been accused of wanting to do nothing more than shut it  down by the other side, as much was said to the ranking member.   However, I was also a part of a group trying to come up with a  bipartisan agreement in 2012 and 2015, and I was willing to support the  bipartisan bill that was introduced by the ranking member and the  chair.   I wasn't necessarily happy with all the provisions, but I felt that  there was sufficient and significant progress made in those much-needed  reforms.   Well, unfortunately, this bipartisan agreement was abandoned by the  other side. The bill that we have before us is a flawed bill, and I  urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   