 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, right now at this moment, thousands of UAW  workers in Ohio--in places like the Chevrolet plant in Parma-Cleveland  area, the transmission plant in Toledo, the plant in Defiance, OH, and  all over the country--are going without their paychecks and without  their health insurance to demand that General Motors respect the work  they do to make their companies successful.   In a nutshell, workers are fed up. More and more of them are  beginning to see that unions are the best way to make their voices  heard. For too long, General Motors hasn't listened. Autoworkers are  the engine behind GM's success. GM wouldn't be making a dime in profit  without the workers who actually make their cars and trucks.   Back up for a moment. Think about what has happened to General  Motors. The Presiding Officer has autoworkers in the State of Indiana,  as I do in Ohio. Back up 10 years, when General Motors and Chrysler  went into bankruptcy. The taxpayers and workers--through givebacks-- rescued both companies. For 10 years, GM has gotten more and more  profitable. Workers were working hard, but workers were making  significantly less money during those 10 years. Then you saw these  companies' profits increase. GM started sending more jobs to Mexico to  build the Chevy Blazer, for instance. The same day, they announced the  layoff of one shift in Lordstown. Then there were the stock buybacks  from the Trump tax cuts, where 80 percent of the tax benefits went to  the richest 1 percent of people in this country. The stock buybacks  with the GM executives meant tens of millions of dollars more in their  pocket. Yet they continue to squeeze workers. Now workers are simply  saying: We want to be, in essence, paid back for the givebacks we did  when we, as taxpayers and workers, rescued that company.   Rather than invest in American workers, the company shut down its  most productive plant in North America and laid off hundreds of  workers--4,500 workers, actually--in Lordstown, OH, while announcing  they are going to build a place in Mexico. They could retool the  Lordstown plant. They could build the Blazer in Ohio, but instead they  throw workers out of a job, and they pay workers way less to make cars  in Mexico.   Now GM workers are saying: Enough. I stand with them. They are  standing up and fighting for increased investments in their local  communities. We know if that Lordstown plant would reopen with the  Blazer or with an electric vehicle--a couple of electric vehicles or  whatever they put there--we know what that would mean for those  Lordstown families, those GM families. We know what it would mean to  that community.   I spoke yesterday with Dave Green, the former President of GM Local  1112. He is now working in another GM plant in the Presiding Officer's  home State. He is away from his family. He is away from home. He didn't  choose that. Dozens of workers are in that situation all because GM  wanted to move its production offshore. Those workers are saying:  Enough.   In Lordstown, the workers whose jobs GM took are picketing in  solidarity with other UAW workers at the empty plant. Reporters asked  them why, and they answered: Brotherhood--brother and sister support.  Workers who transfer to other plants in Michigan, Missouri, Kentucky,  and Indiana are coming back to join them. That is what the  [[Page S5595]]  labor movement is all about: brotherhood, sisterhood, solidarity. It is  about the recognition that workers should have a voice and should have  a share in the profits they create for their companies. GM made more  than $10 billion in North America in 2018. That is $10,000 million. It  is the UAW workers who made that money for the company. What did GM do?  They shut down plants.   Now they have thrown striking workers off their health insurance. We  heard from one worker in Local 14 in Toledo who said his 4-year-old  daughter, Chesney, had a doctor's appointment scheduled next week to  check on the tubes in her ears that help her hear, but GM canceled that  family's insurance so they had to cancel the appointment. That is what  has happened. It is despicable.   GM needs to agree to a contract that honors the dignity of work--a  contract that recognizes the autoworkers, communities, and families who  help drive the success of the auto industry in Ohio and across the  country.   Again, 10 years ago, taxpayers rescued GM out of bankruptcy. Workers  agreed to major givebacks to that company, taking much less money in  order to save the company. GM profits have soared. GM executive  compensations have exploded upward. GM owes that to our communities,  and GM owes that to its workers.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   