 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend.   As chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have to say that this  is a sad day. No one is gleeful that the President's actions have  brought us to this point.   But when you boil it down, we are here today because the President  abused the power of his office to help his chances at reelection. He  used the enormous weight of the Presidency and American foreign policy  to push a foreign government to smear a political rival. And he got  caught.   Why is this conduct so serious? Why has the President's behavior  pushed the House of Representatives to exercise one of its most  consequential constitutional responsibilities? Because corrupting an  American election, particularly in cahoots with a foreign power, means  corrupting American democracy.   Our elections are at the heart of our democracy, the foundation of  what makes our system of government great, our Republic, if we can keep  it, as Benjamin Franklin once said.   If our elections aren't fair, then our Republic cannot stand. Anyone  who tries to fix an election is taking away the power of the American  people to choose their leaders. If it happens at any level of  government, it is toxic to our democracy, and this came from the  highest level.   In this case, it is even more serious, because what was the President  willing to give up for this advantage? What price was he willing to  pay? The price was our national security.   When the President devised a shadow foreign policy that undermined  our diplomacy and diplomats; when he held back assistance for Ukraine,  which was embroiled in a war against Russia; when he pressured a  foreign government to interfere in our elections, again, he sacrificed  our security. He shook the faith of a loyal ally. He played right into  the hands of Vladimir Putin. He weakened our country all because he  thought it might help his reelection bid.    Only the President has that power to corrupt our foreign policy for  political gain. The moment he chose to do so, the moment he undermined  our security in this scheme to undermine our democracy, whether he  succeeded or not--and thank God, he did not--at that moment, it became  an abuse of power.   A President who abuses his power for personal gain is exactly what  the Framers feared. It is why impeachment is in the Constitution.   We need to pass these articles. The President's actions have left us  no choice. He cannot be allowed to undermine our democracy and tear  apart the fabric that holds our country together.   Madam Speaker, I will vote for impeachment.   