 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for  allowing me this time.   I want to start by commending--and I have done this before--by  commending the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Soto), for his relentless  leadership on this issue.   He has a tradition of working in a bipartisan way. He has a tradition  of working on things that are important to the people of Florida. This  is not only important to the people of Florida, but when you talk about  Venezuela, as the gentleman knows, this is important for the national  security interests of the United States.   Now, the gentleman mentioned about the reality in Venezuela today.  The reality of what we have seen because of this Socialist regime in  Venezuela is what used to be one of the wealthiest countries in Latin  America has now become a place where Venezuelans don't have access to,  frankly, food and medicine.   Mr. Speaker, the most important thing is the repression that they are  suffering under day in and day out. The heroic Venezuelan people are  doing everything they can to recover their freedom.   I am proud of what this administration, the Trump administration, has  done in support, in solidarity with the Venezuelan people, in support  of the cause of freedom.   But while that is going on, a lot of us believe that it would be  unacceptable to return Venezuelans to the situation that the gentleman,  my colleague from Florida (Mr. Soto), just mentioned, and what I just  mentioned as well. And that is what this legislation is all about.   We all know that the real solution, the permanent real solution for  Venezuela is very simple, and it can be boiled down to one word:  freedom. The freedom of the Venezuelan people. And we are working, and  the administration has done an amazing job, again, in  [[Page H7411]]  solidarity with the cause of freedom of the Venezuelan people. But in  the meantime, Venezuelans cannot be returned to that dictatorship that  we have spoken so much about.   So, again, I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Soto). I  want to thank also my south Florida colleagues. The gentleman mentioned  a number of them. I see Congresswoman Shalala is here, and so many  others who have been working on this. Not only working on this, but  also helping in the cause of freedom for the Venezuelan people.   So, again, Mr. Speaker, this is not to be confused with issues  dealing with immigration, with a lot of controversial issues that are  out there. This is to deal with the specific case of the Venezuelan  people who are struggling under this repressive Socialist regime. While  that is going on, we should not turn people back. That is what this  bill does. So I would urge a favorable vote.   