 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Yes, in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, we are all familiar with the famous line  from Thomas Jefferson, ``The government closest to the people serves  the people best.'' So how is it that we are here today considering a  bill that has been opposed by every member of the Alaskan delegation  since 1980? Not just the Alaskan delegation, but every Governor of  Alaska since 1980 and even the gubernatorial candidates last year, two  Republicans, an independent, and a Democrat, opposed this bill.  [[Page H7688]]    This week, many of my friends across the aisle sought to protect  their coastlines by banning offshore energy development. They know what  is best in their States. Apparently, the same standard of local control  does not apply to Mr. Young, who is the only person in this body  elected by the residents of Alaska.   Not only is this bill opposed by the entire Alaskan delegation, it is  opposed by the local Alaska Native population and written without their  consultation.   As a Member who represents Bears Ears, I hear from my colleagues all  the time how important it is to have Native American consultation, and  they are right. However, with local Alaska Native opposition to this  bill and no consultation, there seems to be a double standard.   In fact, just 3 days ago, I sat in a hearing where BLM was criticized  for not working with the Native population. They held 11 hearings, 7  listening sessions--apparently, not enough.   Unless I missed 18 trips of my colleagues to Alaska, we are working  with a double standard.   Those of you from States with very little Federal ownership have a  difficult time understanding what it is like being from a State or  county with 90 percent Federal ownership. Imagine being a local elected  official maintaining roads, police, fire, sewers, and parks when only  10 percent of your property generates property tax.   At the end of the day, Mr. Young and the native Alaskans, not the  rest of us, should be determining the fate of Alaska.   Mr. Speaker, I have heard the argument that this development will  contribute to climate change. Really? I am listening. This is one  Republican who believes the climate is changing and man is influencing  it, but I am baffled why so many of my colleagues will give a pass to a  human rights-violating dictator in China and deny the local native  Alaskans the right to have a living off the land.   If we were serious about climate change, I have an idea. Let's take  all the natural gas we are putting back into the ground in ANWR and  send it to China and India. We would do more to reduce global carbon  emissions than by implementing the entire Green New Deal.   I have heard the term ``science denier'' tossed around, but I ask,  who is denying science the most? Those who ignore 85 percent of carbon  coming from outside the United States, or those who think that  impacting 0.01 percent of ANWR will destroy the Alaskan environment?   Let's put this in perspective. ANWR is less than 5 percent of Alaska.  This project is less than 0.01 percent of ANWR. For perspective, that  is like taking a janitorial closet in the Capitol of 175 feet and  putting HVAC in it to keep us warm and cool. That is the perspective.   When the other side is ready to fight climate change, Republicans  stand ready. This is not one of those times.   To start, my friend   Greg Walden and his colleagues on the Energy  and Commerce Committee seem to have the ability to generate a bill  almost daily that would truly impact the true problems with climate  change.   Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit will prevent the bill from  taking effect until the President certifies that it will not result in  a net increase of Russian oil and gas imports into the United States.   The answer to climate change is not making the U.S. more reliant on  foreign fossil fuels. A vote for this MTR is a vote to support local  Alaska Natives.   I repeat, the answer to climate change is not making the U.S. more  reliant on foreign fossil fuels. The last time I checked, Ryan Zinke  was the only one riding a horse.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the motion to recommit, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   