 Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the  majority leader the schedule for next week.   I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the majority  leader.    Madam Speaker, as we start the appropriations process  to, ultimately, get to the point where we are able to pass our  appropriations bills prior to September 30, I think the gentleman  recognizes that the only way we will have an opportunity to get to a  point where we don't have a shutdown is if we are in agreement, both  between the House and Senate as well as with the White House, on the  actual number, the amount of money that the Federal Government would be  able to spend in that year.   We have had agreements in prior years, budget agreements, on how we  are going to do that. I think the gentleman understands that even  within the Democratic-controlled House, there is not an agreement. The  Budget Committee, the majority's Budget Committee, was not able to pass  a budget. It was not even able to pass out of committee an amount of  money to determine what we could spend in the House or the Senate.  There is not an agreement at all.   In fact, if you look, it is the first time in 9 years that the House  Budget Committee did not produce a budget. That budget, that is usually  the document that says this is the amount of money that the  appropriations bills can ultimately equal up to, whether it is defense  or all the other bills.   Next week, more than half of the discretionary spending of the  country is going to be on the House floor. The Department of Defense  bill alone represents more than half of the discretionary spending, and  there is not an agreement between the House and Senate or with the  White House on how much we are going to fund defense.    I would like to see us get that agreement, but, clearly, the  gentleman  [[Page H4333]]  knows we don't have one. Unfortunately, those bills are typically  bipartisan, and the Appropriations Committee has produced a very  partisan defense bill. That doesn't happen often.   I wish the Democrats on the committee would have worked with the  Republicans on the Appropriations Committee to produce a bipartisan  bill so that we would have a better chance of getting something that  can get signed into law.   If we want to avoid a shutdown, the best way to do it is to work with  both parties, not just produce a Democrat-only bill. That doesn't  happen too often. Unfortunately, I think that is the direction we are  headed.   I would like to ask the gentleman, number one, if he has any kind of  idea on how we are going to get to a budget agreement, an agreement on  some kind of spending forecast, so that we can have a picture of how we  can get bills that can get signed into law and an amendment process  that would be fair to both sides.   I think we have talked about this before, how so far this Congress,  it has been very tilted, where the lion's share of amendments that are  coming out of the Rules Committee are only Democratic amendments. There  has been a history this Congress of shutting out Republican amendments  on the floor, and I would hope there would be a more fair process as  these important bills--DOD, Labor-H, and some of the other bills--are  going to be coming to the floor, where the Rules Committee would at  least allow both sides to speak as we try to produce a bill that could  be bipartisan but, so far, has not been.    I yield to the gentleman from Maryland.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments.   I share the majority leader's understanding that there is a  negotiation going on to see if we can get an agreement on the budget  numbers. We are not there yet.   I understand the gentleman that the majority has to move, at some  point, on those appropriations bills next week. We all know that the  bills that are being moved are not bills that we have an agreement on  and, unfortunately, started off on a very partisan nature. Hopefully,  we can get to a more bipartisan nature in the bills, bills like  defense, that are coming up.   We want our military to be properly funded, and we want our military  to have the certainty that they don't have to operate under a CR, they  don't have to operate under a cloud of potential shutdown.   Our men and women in uniform, as we get ready to honor the brave  sacrifices that were made on D-Day--tomorrow, of course, marks the 75th  anniversary of D-Day and the heroic efforts that so many made,  sacrificing their lives. Over 10,000 American soldiers died, and, of  course, we reflect and pause to thank them for their sacrifice, to  recognize that sacrifice that they made.   And just as they did, today we have men and women in uniform risking  [[Page H4334]]  their lives for our country. And we don't want to have this potential  that, if we get to September 30 and can't get an agreement on what that  proper level should be, that they should worry whether or not they are  going to get paid.    So, hopefully, we can keep that work going, those conversations and  negotiations going to finalize an agreement that we can get. We are not  there yet. We will see where it goes next week.   We then want to shift over now and talk about what else is going to  be on the floor next week, and that is going to be this contempt  resolution. I haven't seen the language. I don't know when the  gentleman's side plans to file.   I would ask the majority leader, it is clear that there is a march to  impeachment, that this starts, maybe, the formal march to impeachment  on the House floor. But just this Sunday, the majority whip was asked  on a TV show if he felt the House was going to impeach the President of  the United States, and he said yes.   There has been no evidence that would necessitate an impeachment. We  had this nearly 2-year investigation by Mr. Mueller, and it was all  about whether or not there was collusion between the President and  Russia. They looked into whether or not there was any kind of  interference by Russia in our elections.   Of course, he did find that there was interference by Russia. Russia  tried to interfere with our elections while Barack Obama was President  of the United States.   Now, what did Barack Obama do to stop that? I don't know. I don't  know if that is going to be investigated--it should be--whether or not  the President did everything in his powers at the time to stop Russia  from interfering with our elections.   We need to work together to make sure it doesn't happen again. That  should be our focus.   There was no collusion, by the way, and he found that. There was no  obstruction of justice.   I know the committee wants to keep focusing and looking into  everything that they can to try to find more evidence that wasn't  there, but if they start bringing and you start bringing resolutions to  hold, for example, the Attorney General in contempt--we haven't seen  what the charges are, but some of the things that the Judiciary  Committee has asked the Attorney General to produce, if the Attorney  General produced that information, he would be violating law.   Why would you hold the Attorney General of the United States in  contempt of Congress for not breaking the law?   Those are some of the things we have seen. Again, we haven't seen the  final language. We have heard some conjecture by the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee, by others who want to start this impeachment  drumbeat.   Madam Speaker, I would just urge caution to the gentleman as the  House floor becomes politicized to just try to impeach the President  because some people just don't like the fact that he was elected in  2016.   There will be an election next year. There are a whole lot of people  on the Democratic side who are already trying to get the nomination to  unseat the President, and that debate is already going on in the  country, and it will happen in full next year.   Let's let the people of this country decide who the President of the  United States is. Let's respect the fact that the people of this  country, in 2016, said they wanted Donald Trump to be the President of  the United States, and he is the President of the United States, and he  is carrying out his duties, and he is carrying out the agenda that he  campaigned on, as it should be.   If somebody wants to carry out a different agenda, next year they are  going to have that opportunity to present it to the people of this  country.   But even though there was no collusion identified by the special  counsel, this idea that we are still going to just start bringing  legislative instruments to the floor like contempt and then,  ultimately, as the majority whip said Sunday that he felt that there  would be impeachment on the House floor, I would just urge caution to  the gentleman. This next week, this legislation that is going to be  brought forward is all a part of that.   We should respect this process more. We should respect the fact that  the Attorney General of the United States has an obligation to enforce  the laws of this country. And when he is asked by Congress to do  something that would actually violate laws, we ought to respect the  fact that he said he would come and testify to the Judiciary Committee,  to the members of the Judiciary Committee.   Then the Judiciary Committee changed the rules of the game and said  they didn't want Members of Congress to question him; they wanted staff  to question, which would be unprecedented, so he didn't come. But he  did say he would come and testify to the committee under the normal  processes that have always been in place.   So with that, again, we haven't seen the legislation yet. Once we do,  we will review it, but I would just urge caution.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman.    Well, the gentleman mentioned a lot of things that I  think need to be addressed.   First, the idea that there is some coverup. Let's recognize and  remember that for nearly 2 years of the Mueller investigation,  President Trump fully complied with all of the requests that were made,  and when the Mueller investigation was completed, first of all, Mr.  Barr, the Attorney General, had an opportunity to review that report  and give a summary to Congress.   During that period, Mr. Barr invited Mr. Mueller to review the  report, to review his summary. Mr. Mueller chose not to participate in  that. And so ultimately the Attorney General then gave Congress a  summary, which made it crystal clear there was no collusion after  almost 2 years and over $30 million of taxpayer money looking into this  where the President fully complied, his administration fully complied,  and they were probing everything.    The gentleman will yield, but after I first go through  this because these are important points to make because anybody that  wants to use the term ``coverup'' ought to be very cognizant of what  they are talking about when we talk about that investigation. Because  that investigation was as thorough as any that we have seen, and the  Attorney General and the special counsel were both involved in  reviewing it, but the special counsel had an opportunity if he found  wrongdoing to file charges. And the gentleman from Maryland knows that.    He could have filed charges, and he filed absolutely no  charges. There were no charges filed, because there was nothing wrong  that was found.    The task was to see if there was any collusion between  Russia and the Trump campaign while Russia was interfering with the  elections. We know Russia interfered with the elections.   Why did the Obama administration allow Russia to interfere with the  elections? That is a question we should be probing. Why? Not just to go  back in time, but to make sure it doesn't happen again. And how much  time is being spent going and looking and seeing just exactly what  Russia did to interfere with our election while Barack Obama was  President? They are not doing that. They want to go after all these  witch hunts, and was there more collusion. There was no collusion.   And so instead of saying, okay, they tried for 2 years. You had  members of your own leadership team saying they had evidence of  collusion, and yet, there was no evidence of collusion and they have  never come forth and said they were wrong. They have never brought  forward what their mysterious evidence was, because there was no  evidence, because there was no collusion. And so instead of that, they  are continuing to say, let's just hold contempt hearings for the  Attorney General here on the House floor.   The majority whip says the House will impeach the President. The  gentleman hasn't answered that. Well, where is that going to happen?  When is that going to happen? Why don't we actually focus on the  problems of this country? Because the same committee that continues  down these rabbit holes and on these witch hunts, that same committee  that has jurisdiction over this whole Mueller investigation that found  no collusion, no charges filed by the special counsel, that is the same  committee that has jurisdiction over the border crisis.   And the gentleman knows we have a crisis at our border. It is a  serious crisis because we don't have control over our border yet. We  need to get control over our border, but in the next 2 weeks-- literally, in the next 2 weeks the department of DHS is about to run  out of money to deal with this crisis.   And the President of the United States submitted a supplemental  request to this majority asking to give additional funding so that we  can take care of those kids that are coming over every day in the  thousands, the unaccompanied children where the Department of Health  and Human Services is about to run out of money to take care of those  kids.   And so what happens to those kids? If they come over illegally, the  law says what Homeland Security has to do. And if they come over and  they are sick, which some of them are coming over very sick, they are  turned over to DHS where DHS takes care of them, and DHS has told you  they are about to run out of money and not a thing has been done.   In fact, when the Labor-HHS bill was in subcommittee, one of our  Members actually filed an amendment to try to include the money, so  that we can keep taking care of the health needs of those kids that are  coming over illegally, and that was rejected on a party line vote. Your  party voted against that. And the committee of jurisdiction, instead of  focusing on how to solve this problem, how we can help resolve this  problem in a bipartisan way, which it should be bipartisan, we all  ought to care about these kids that are coming over that have a lot of  health issues that we are trying address, but they are about to run out  of money. And what are we going to do about it? We have asked that this  majority do something to address that request that was sent down from  the President weeks ago.   But we are literally facing a crisis in a matter of days where they  will run out of money. When is that going to be addressed by this  majority? We have asked for it to be addressed, and it hasn't. So when  is the Speaker going to bring legislation? Would the majority leader be  willing to bring legislation? For weeks we have talked about it right  here in this colloquy, and it hasn't been addressed. And so before it  becomes a crisis where literally DHS cannot take and care for the  health needs of these kids that are coming over, why don't we address  it now, instead of waiting until they truly run out of money, can no  longer take care of those kids and bad things would happen. I don't  want those bad things to happen. I know you don't want those bad things  to happen. And the President doesn't want those bad things to happen.  That is why he sent that supplemental request weeks ago, and it hasn't  been dealt with.   I yield to the gentleman.    Four.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments,  and I would share a lot of the disagreements we have with how the  Senate does business, whether it is a Republican or Democratic Senate.   Their rules, in many ways, work to undermine much of the good work  that we do here in the House, whether it is a Republican or Democratic  majority. We can find a lot of common ground on that disagreement.   As it relates to immigration, I, too, believe America has this unique  place in the world as that shining beacon for anybody who seeks  freedom, anybody who seeks the liberty that has been fought for with  blood and treasure by so many heroes throughout generations to make  America the place that people look to when they think about freedom.   We are also the most generous nation in the world when it comes to  immigration, and we are proud of that. That is something we celebrate.  We let over a million people a year into America to be a part of the  American Dream, to come to seek the American Dream, and that is what it  should be about.   It should be about seeking those things that make America great so  that more people can come to add to the richness of this country. We do  that, but we also are a nation of laws, and we can't lose sight of that  at the same time that we want to maintain that beacon.   We only maintain it if we also maintain those great laws that we take  an oath to uphold. All of us take that oath. That oath is critically  important, because as people want to come here, they want to come here  because of what America is. It is our job to preserve the greatness of  what America is.   If we start to lose that, if we start to look the other way and  ignore this law and try to undermine that law, it really weakens the  greatness of our democracy.   When you look at the differences we had on the House floor, so many  of us wanted to address the problems that are created by not having a  secure border. But when you say, for example, that if somebody comes  here when they are actually in a gang database, and by law, we can't  even look at that database to see if that person coming into our  country is a member of a gang or committed violent crimes, that is not  what is the richness of America. We want to maintain the dream that  people come here to seek.   We may disagree on the methods of getting there, but let's keep  working to try to get to a better place, something signed into law to  fix the problems with our immigration system, to get  [[Page H4337]]  back to a functioning, legal immigration system, instead of having  thousands of people, whether they are part of that culture that wants  to seek the American Dream or whether they are coming here to undermine  what is great about America, think they can just traipse through,  thousands a day at a time, because we have not secured our border.   In our homes, we have windows, doors, a yard. We might have a fence.  But if we lock our door, we are locking it for a reason. It is not  because we don't want anyone inside. It is because we only want to let  in the people who are coming to be a part of what is great about our  family and about our home. If somebody wants to come to do us harm,  that is why we have the lock on the door.   We let over a million people a year into our country, and that is  part of what is great about our Nation. No other country in the world,  by the way, is close to the generosity in letting people into their  country every year. No country is letting in over a million people a  year.   We need to get back to a system where our immigration system works.   We passed a bipartisan bill last week to take care of the disaster  needs of so many people around the country, and it was bipartisan. It  was an example of what works.   There were some Members who objected. Some of them objected because  the humanitarian money that is needed to address this crisis at the  border wasn't in the bill.   I am glad the gentleman acknowledged that we need to work to resolve  it. Hopefully, we can do that next week before the crisis hits, before  DHS actually runs out of money so that we have a severe crisis.   Let's work together to stop it. I know the gentleman has acknowledged  he wants to do that. While there are some other things that are going  to be on the floor next week that, unfortunately, will be very partisan  in nature that we will disagree on, let's also try to work to address  that crisis so that, again, we get back to the richness of what's great  about this Nation.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman and look forward to working  together next week on the things that we can accomplish for this  country.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   