 Mr. President, I join in raising these issues tonight  about the government shutdown. The reason so many of us have referred  to it simply as the ``Trump shutdown'' is because the President is the  person who led the way to have the government shut down. He said that  before the shutdown, as we all know. We have heard the statement he  made in the Oval Office.   Then, of course, we went forward. I think it is important to reset  where we have been and where we are.   There was an agreement in this body, the U.S. Senate, by 100  Senators, just before Christmas, to extend funding for the government  for a short period of time so that if there were issues to debate  between now and February, we could do that. It is hard to get 100  Senators to agree on anything around  [[Page S74]]  here, but of course that is what happened.   Then it went to the House, and we know what happened after that. The  President got pressure from rightwing talk show hosts, and I guess they  have more influence on him than a lot of Americans, who never want a  government shutdown.   As we stand here tonight, 9 of 15 Federal Departments are closed,  shut down, and I am not even itemizing the number of Agencies that is.  Then we came into the new year, on January 3--I don't know what hour it  was, but it was in the evening--with a new majority in the U.S. House  of Representatives, a Democratic majority. What did that Democratic  majority do? What did the Democratic House Speaker do? In her first act  as Speaker, and in essence their first vote on substance, they voted to  open up the government by voting in favor of a bill that was  essentially a Republican appropriations bill. That is what the  Democratic-controlled House did. They voted to move forward Republican  appropriations bills that were voted on here in committee but also were  agreed to here, in a sense, by consensus--a 100-to-0 consensus just  before Christmas. So there is ample reason, there is a lot of  documentary evidence--video evidence--that this is a Trump shutdown.   I think it is important for people to understand. I know some here  call it a partisan bill. No, it wasn't. It was a bipartisan bill. It  just happened to have its origin in the work of Republicans in the  Senate--the Senate appropriations work that was done by Republicans,  with Democratic help. Of course, this Chamber is controlled by  Republicans, so these were Republican bills.   It is also important to know what could happen here. There is  legislation now that the Senate can vote on that will open the  government up by doing the following: by funding eight Departments of  government until the 30th of September. It is important for people to  understand that. They see the back and forth, and they see how a bill  like that is characterized on television, but it is important for  people to know--and I will keep saying it for emphasis because this is  important we get the facts right--this is an action by a House  controlled by Democrats to move forward bills that virtually every  Republican agreed to in one way or another over time on various  occasions.   The effect of passing that bill here would open the government for  those Agencies--those Departments is a more correct word--those  Departments that are shut down right now, leaving only one Department  that would now be funded over a longer term, the Department of Homeland  Security. That Department would not be funded after a certain date in  February if we can't agree on funding until then.   What the effect of that is, it moves forward the effort to keep the  government operating, to keep--just by way of example--13,709 FBI  agents who could be working without pay, 4,399 DEA agents who could be  working without pay, and I can go down the list. We have had many  examples tonight. I will not restate them. It allows all of those  operations of the Federal Government to go forward but still preserves  the opportunity for the President or anyone to make assertions, to make  arguments, and to put forth policy regarding border security, no matter  what it is. We could debate that from now until that moment in  February--that date in February when the Department of Homeland  Security would run out of money--and see what would happen at that  point.   That is what people have to understand. There is a way to continue a  debate about border security, a very important debate. I voted for, I  don't know how many tens of billions now--billion with a ``b''--on  border security since I have been here. I voted for the bill in 2013,  the comprehensive bill that got 68 votes here in 2013--68 votes. That  means a whole number of Republicans voted for it. That committed more  than $40 billion to border security, based upon the testimony of  experts, based upon people who understand border security. Let's be  honest, folks. A lot of House Members and a lot of Democrats and  Republicans in both parties and both Houses are not border security  experts. That is why we should ask for their advice in telling us the  best way to secure the border. That is essentially what happened in  2013, when both parties voted--68 votes here--to pass a comprehensive  bill that had more than $40 billion for border security.   That is how you do border security. You don't just say: Well, because  I used a word in a campaign, I used a sound bite in a campaign,  therefore, the sound bite--which isn't based upon good policy--has to  become the policy. That is not how we should do things here. No one in  either party should do it that way.   Now we are, I guess, 17 days since the President decided to shut down  the government because he would not get his wall. We should never  confuse a wall with border security. We all want border security. I  don't know of a legislator who doesn't support that. Most people here  voted for it many times--border security--based upon what the experts  tell us, not the politicians. If we were using politicians for that  kind of expertise, we would be in big trouble. We wouldn't do that in  many subject areas, including something as consequential and as  important and as complicated as border security. We should do it the  right way and have a debate about it and hear testimony from experts,  not just hot air from politicians because they said a word or two or  three in a campaign. That is not policy.   Right now, there are 820,000 Federal employees, 14,000--some in  Pennsylvania, wondering how they are going to make a mortgage payment  or pay the rent or buy food. The list is longer than that. It is, in  essence, appropriations hostage-taking. My colleague referred to and  used that word in his remarks earlier. This is appropriations hostage- taking that hurts a lot of people and will continue to hurt more and  more people as the days go on.   That is one of the reasons why I supported the legislation introduced  by Senators Cardin and Van Hollen that would guarantee backpay for  these hard-working Federal employees who do so many things for the  American people that we don't itemize or praise, except when there is a  crisis like the one we are facing right now, the crisis of not having a  government fully funded.   So the President shut down the government over a wall that will not  work, will not secure the border. Let's not confuse the two. We have  always made investments over time--both parties, many administrations,  many sessions of Congress have made investments in effective border  security based upon the recommendations from experts. We should do that  again, as we have done over many years. The security experts over the  number of years charged with keeping our Nation safe have said this  concrete or steel wall along the width of the southern border will not  work. It will not work.   Former Commissioner of Customs and Border Patrol Gil Kerlikowske  said, in January 2017: ``I think that anyone who's been familiar with  the southwest border and the terrain . . . kind of recognizes that  building a wall along the entire southwest border is probably not going  to work.''   That is someone who understands this subject. That is what he said.  He is not a politician spewing out a sound bite or just doing an  interview. He is a person who has dedicated a large portion of his life  to border security, and we should listen to those voices.   Building a concrete wall will not stop illegal activity. Border  security--effective border security--will. What is that? It is  technology. It is 24-hour surveillance. It is, as in the 2013 bill, in  essence, doubling the Border Patrol. I think we could have hired 20,000  more people at the border to do border enforcement. That is why the  cost was so high--because to hire 20,000 people costs a lot of money,  but that is what we voted for then. I haven't even listed all of them,  but those kinds of methods--battle-tested, proven methods to secure the  border will work. That is what we should be doing.   According to a 2017 national drug assessment report, most illegal  smuggling happens at our ports of entry, not crossing a line in a  desert at the southwest border--ports of entry. One example is at our  airports. Airports are among the places we should be focusing our  attention. I haven't heard the President talk about airports. Maybe I  haven't been listening, but he has been President now for just about 2  years, and I am not sure he has talked about stopping smuggling at  ports of entry.  [[Page S75]]    If the President was serious about securing the southern border or  fixing our immigration system, he would work with both parties, both  Houses, on an immigration system that would secure the border and do a  whole range of things we need to do because we have a broken system.   Here is my belief. I can't prove this. This is just my belief  watching what he has said and listening to his speeches and listening  to the policies he has supported and the policies he has not supported.  I don't believe the President has any interest in fixing our broken  immigration system. He seems to have an interest in building a wall  that will not work--I am rather certain of that--but I don't think he  has any interest in fixing this broken system. He has a strong  interest, in my judgment, of scoring points, and I will give him that.  He is an expert at scoring political points, but in terms of sitting  down with people in both parties, taking hours and hours and hours and  hours of testimony from border security experts, or at least listening  to the presentations made here by way of hearings or information that  can be ascertained in a hearing, I don't think he is willing to do  that. I don't think he has any interest in doing that.   The Presiding Officer and many Members of this Chamber, including the  Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator from Virginia, worked long  and hard--not over hours but over days and weeks--to come up with a  proposal last year which would have provided $25 billion for border  security over about 10 years. It is a lot of money over 10 years, and  they had to agree to that based upon those expert recommendations. They  also coupled that with a statutory change that would make sure those  Dreamers in the DACA Program were given the benefit of the fulfillment  of our promise to them. That could have been done in law by statute,  and I commend Republicans who stood up then and worked in a bipartisan  way.   What did the President do? He told them he would back them up, that  he would sign that bill--that bill with $25 billion and a fix for the  DACA Program. Then his second promise he made was, he said: I will take  the heat. It didn't happen. He didn't sign it. He denigrated it. Of  course, he didn't take the heat because he went running for cover.   I don't see much evidence on the record that he wants to fix a broken  system. Everyone knows the system is broken, everyone knows we have to  rely upon experts to secure the border, everyone knows the path to  citizenship is complicated, but we had a way to do that in the 2013  bill.   Everyone knows that the guest worker program and bringing people out  of the shadows and having order and rules to our immigration system is  complicated and difficult. Everyone knows you can't do that with a  sound bite. You can't do that with an image. You can't do that with a  symbol. You have to do it with policy. That is what you have to do.   The President seems totally disinterested in sitting down and trying  to lead an effort on the kind of immigration reform that both parties  know we need and that most Americans know we need as well. We all want  to fix this system with a comprehensive bill. I mentioned the 2013  effort and what that would have done.   Instead of wasting $5.6 billion on a wall, we could use that money to  rebuild our infrastructure or to invest in border security that is  based upon expertise. We could use $5.6 billion to do a lot of  infrastructure in my State and a lot of States--fixing bridges, for  example. I live in a State, like many, that has thousands of  structurally deficient bridges. We could use that money to enhance our  national security.   I am told that we are to understand the President is looking for  money--the $5.6 billion--potentially out of the Defense Department. Is  that what we should be doing with DOD dollars that are meant for  national security?   We could also use $5.6 billion to invest in our children and thereby  invest in our future, but I don't think the President is interested in  this. He wants to win a sound bite war or an image or symbol war, not  fix the problem and not make the investments we should make.   Instead of creating chaos and perpetuating chaos, the President  should support the bipartisan funding bill the House passed last week-- the Democratic House, which passed the Republican bills, for a little  shorthand there. The bills would reopen the government and also provide  $1 billion for border security that is based upon facts and evidence  and expertise and effectiveness, not based upon some sound bite and hot  air.   The vast majority of Senate Republicans supported these funding  measures last Congress.   On August 1, Senate Republicans joined Democrats to advance funding  for the Department of Agriculture, Financial Services, Transportation,  Housing and Urban Development, and Interior. That big appropriations  bill is affecting all those Agencies referred to there. The vote was 92  to 6 on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I don't know who the 6 were, but  92 is a good number--and obviously in both parties.   The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies appropriations  bill passed out of committee--this is a committee vote; not a floor  vote but an important vote--on June 14 by a vote of 30 to 0.   The State-Foreign Operations bill passed out of committee by a vote  of 31 to 0.   So one bill passed on the floor 92 to 6, and the other committee  votes were 30 to 0 and 31 to 0--again, bills passed by a Democratic  House that are, in fact, Republican appropriations bills. That is what  the House did.   That bill is here, in essence. All the majority leader has to do is  put it on the floor, and it will pass. The government will be opened  up, and we could debate border security until the cows come home--all  the rest of January, longer into February, as long as we all agree to  debate it. Let's have a real debate. Let's not debate a sound bite  about an image that refers to a way someone thinks we should do border  security. Let's have the evidence and put it on the table. I think my  point of view on this would prevail, but let's hear from both sides.   We have a way out of this predicament for the American people, a way  to provide certainty and relief to those families who are suffering  right now and the many more families who will continue to suffer if  this continues.   It is time for the majority leader to schedule a vote and stop making  excuses why he shouldn't. Let's see what happens if the President has  to confront a bill passed by both Houses. If he vetoes it, then it is  further evidence that he is not serious about border security, but we  will see. Maybe the President would sign a bill that was passed by both  parties in both Houses.   