 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding and for his leadership on this issue.   Madam Speaker, there is a crisis at our southwest border. In fact, we  are on track to break nearly every record from recent history.   Just last week, CBP apprehended a single group, one group, with 1,036  people in it at the border. Madam Speaker, we couldn't fit that many  people in this Chamber, and we certainly can't fit them in a single  Border Patrol station.   This bill does nothing to address this crisis. Instead, it tells an  entire generation of illegal immigrants that breaking our laws is  rewarded.   This is not rocket science. We have seen this before. In 2014, a wave  of unaccompanied children came to our borders, driven by smuggler  propaganda citing DACA and other amnesty policies.   The smugglers have doubled down. They call children permisos, or  permits, and use them to get scores of adults, unrelated to the  children, across the border.   Securing our border and enforcing our laws is the only way to break  this cycle.   Ranking Member Collins introduced legislation to close the asylum  loopholes that are fueling this crisis. That is the bill that should be  on the floor today.   We also desperately need to provide supplemental funding to get us  through this crisis. Last month, I asked the House to provide $4.5  billion that DHS requested to address this humanitarian and security  crisis. Despite urgent pleas for additional funds from frontline  personnel responsible for caring for unaccompanied children, Democrats  refused to add the funds to the supplemental.   Today, the majority again rejected those funds during the previous  question vote. Democrats haven't approved a dime to address this  crisis.   Because of the political dysfunction in their own Caucus, they  stubbornly refuse to put forward real solutions. Instead, they put  forward a bill today that is sending a clear message: Democrats would  rather reward illegal immigrants than secure our border, enforce our  laws, and fix this crisis. It is disgraceful.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this bill.   