 Mr. Speaker, when the people of California's  49th District elected me to represent them in Congress, I did not  imagine that I would be sworn in during a partial government shutdown.  However, on the same day that I raised my right hand and took the oath  of office, I also cast my first votes to fund Federal agencies that  have been shut down by President Trump.   We have since voted on several similar bills, including earlier  today. The bills we voted on were not controversial. In fact, they were  the same exact bills that Senate Republicans supported just 1 month  ago, and they have received bipartisan support here in the House. In  fact, just today, 12 Republicans voted to fund and reopen  Transportation and HUD, and 10 voted to reopen Agriculture and the SNAP  program.   One-third of the Federal workforce is comprised of veterans. The  shutdown is hurting their credit rating and that of all Federal  employees. How can President Trump claim to care about veterans while  allowing this to continue?   For those in my district back home who are impacted, I hear your  voices. I have heard the voice of the Fish and Wildlife Service  employee in my district who told me the other day that many of her  colleagues are living paycheck to paycheck and can't afford to go any  longer without the pay that they have earned and that they deserve.    I have heard the grocery store owner in my district who can't get  help with his food stamp eligibility because the appropriate USDA  office is shut down.   The Trump shutdown is hurting people in my district and every  district who have done nothing but worked hard and played by the rules.   We can end this today by reopening the government while we continue  to debate border security. And make no mistake, we need smart,  effective, and humane border security, but we do not need 5th century  technology for a 21st century problem.   I strongly urge Leader McConnell to bring up the bipartisan funding  bills for a vote in the Senate, and I urge President Trump to do the  right thing and sign them.   Mr. Speaker, 20 days is far too long. The American people have had  enough. Let's end this senseless shutdown, and let's end it now.   