 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings  Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   Martin Luther King, Jr., once said: ``Of all the forms of inequality,  injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.'' I believe  my dear friend, Elijah Cummings, would agree that H.R. 3 is a giant  step toward addressing injustice in healthcare.   This landmark legislation gives Medicare the power to negotiate  directly with drug companies and extends those negotiated prices to  Americans with private insurance, also. This is a huge win for the  American consumer.   In the United States, our drug prices are nearly four times higher  than in similar countries. This legislation provides real price  reductions that would put significant money back in consumers' pockets.  A portion of those savings will be reinvested in researching new cures  and treatments.   These cost savings will also extend Medicare benefits to cover  dental, vision, and hearing, and caps out-of-pocket prescription drug  costs at $2,000 for those on Medicare.   In addition, these savings will allow $10 billion to fund provisions  that are in my community health center's legislation to enhance those  facilities that serve 28 million Americans, half of which are in rural  communities.   The bill includes a $5 billion funding boost for capital improvements  and construction to expand the footprint of community health centers,  and an additional $5 billion in funding over 5 years for community  health center grants.   Providing consistent funding for and building on the success of  community health centers is critically important to making quality  healthcare more accessible and affordable.   In my district, where four rural hospitals recently closed, there are  eight federally funded community health centers working to serve almost  190,000 patients.   Mr. Chair, I urge strong bipartisan support for H.R. 3, a piece of  legislation that will contribute to the ending of injustice in  healthcare and help move us closer to making the greatness of America  accessible and affordable for all.   