 Mr. Speaker, this resolution talks about  not having more government shutdowns. We don't need a resolution for  that. Of course, there shouldn't be government shutdowns. That is why,  last year, this body passed a resolution to fund government, including  Trump's border wall that he asked for.   We passed that out of this Chamber. It went to the Senate. And what  did  [[Page H1312]]  they do? Nothing. The Senate did nothing. They did nothing for over 30  days. They just sat while the government shut down.   Why? Because the minority party in the U.S. Senate chooses to  threaten to filibuster, and if they don't get everything they want,  based on this threat to filibuster, they shut down government until  such time as this Chamber or the President or whoever they want to  bully around gives them everything. That is not the way government is  supposed to work.   I had a conversation yesterday with a young man here in D.C. He said:  ``How are you going to end these government shutdowns? What is going to  happen now?''   Well, gosh, we have appointed a conference committee. That is how it  is supposed to work. The Homeland Security conference committee meets  today. There are four Republicans and three Democrats, which reflects  the makeup of that Chamber. There are 10 from this Chamber, 6 Democrats  and 4 Republicans, which reflects the makeup of this Chamber.   That is the committee where you meet and you work these things out.  That is the system the Founders of our country set up for us here. The  problem is we have gotten away from that. We do continuing resolutions  like we shouldn't, and we sit here and one side has to get everything  they want.   Why does it happen that way? Because one side, the Democratic side,  wants to get everything they want. If they don't get everything they  want, they want to shut down government and then falsely blame  everybody else. That is not the way it is supposed to work.   I am glad we have a conference committee. My Senator from West  Virginia Shelley Moore Capito is actually on that conference committee  that is supposed to meet today to work out exactly what we are going to  do with the border wall and funding Homeland Security.   That is what we should do with every bill. That is why, last year,  when we were in the majority, we actually passed the appropriations  bills over to the U.S. Senate. Do you know what they did? Nothing.   It doesn't take 60 votes to pass a bill. It takes 60 votes to invoke  cloture. That is different than passing a bill.   The dysfunction in the U.S. Senate cannot continue to reign in this  country and cause government shutdowns, particularly when the minority  party wants everything.   