 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Judy Chu) for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise in strong support of the Promoting  Respect for Individuals' Dignity and Equality, or PRIDE, Act, which I  have been privileged to colead with Congresswoman Chu.   This bill is about moving our country closer to true equality and  equity for the LGBTQ community. We have an opportunity today to send a  message to LGBTQ married couples across America that their unions are  recognized, valued, and dignified by the U.S. Government.   I am especially proud that this bill includes the text of my bill,  H.R. 1244, the Equal Dignity for Married Taxpayers Act, which addresses  the glaring problem that the Tax Code is replete with out-of-date  references to marriage that no longer reflect the institution of legal  marriage in this country.   Our Tax Code, like all of our laws, should accurately represent and  include all the people to whom it applies.   Gendered language in the Tax Code represents a time when LGBTQ  couples could not get married. Fortunately, those days are over, and  marriage equality is the law of the land.   We need to ensure that our laws reflect the vibrant diversity of our  democracy, and this legislation will remove another vestige of  discrimination from our country's code of laws.   Including language that is inclusive of LGBTQ couples and families is  a small change that will have a huge impact, affirming loud and clear  to all of our brothers and sisters and siblings in spirit in the LGBTQ  community that we love them, that they are part of our Nation.   We also have an opportunity with the PRIDE Act to correct an  injustice experienced by LGBTQ couples who married in States before  marriage equality was finally recognized nationwide in the Supreme  Court's Obergefell v. Hodges decision.   For years, LGBTQ couples in States that recognized legal marriage  were wrongfully denied Federal tax refunds. The PRIDE Act will allow  those couples to amend their past tax returns and receive the  corresponding benefits.   Protecting LGBTQ families is not just about the LGBTQ community. It  is about our never-ending pursuit to move America closer to freedom and  justice for all.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Chu for her tremendous  leadership and for her partnership, and I thank Chairman Neal for  prioritizing this effort.   Madam Speaker, I also thank my predecessor and my dad, Congressman  Sandy Levin, who first introduced the Equal Dignity for Married  Taxpayers Act in 2015.   Madam Speaker, I urge strong support for this legislation across the  aisle, both sides, and I look forward to the day when it becomes law.   