 Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished gentleman from New  York (Mr. Engel), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. It  is a delight to call him that title.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 37, directing the President  to remove U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities in or affecting Yemen  within 30 days.   Since 2015, the United States has provided support to the Saudi-led  coalition in its war against the Houthi rebels in Yemen.   In addition to claiming an estimated 60,000 Yemeni lives, this war is  fueling the world's largest humanitarian and refugee crisis.  Humanitarian agencies estimate that 85,000 children have died from  malnutrition, more than half the population currently requires  emergency food assistance, and 1 in every 10 Yemeni children has been  forcibly displaced from their homes due to the conflict.   In September of 2018, Secretary Pompeo certified to Congress that the  Saudi and Emirati Governments were mitigating harm to civilians and  civilian infrastructure in Yemen. Meanwhile, the Saudi-led coalition  conducted attacks killing dozens of civilians at a time, often with  U.S.-provided munitions.   Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution  states unequivocally that Congress shall have the power to declare war  and to raise and support armies and other Armed Forces. That is  Congress' prerogative in the Constitution.   Pursuant to the War Powers Resolution, the President must remove U.S.  Armed Forces engaged in hostilities outside U.S. territory without a  specific statutory authorization from Congress.   Congress must reclaim its constitutional role, and American  complicity in the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Yemen must end. That  is why I am glad to support H.J. Res. 37, which  [[Page H1549]]  would direct such a removal of U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities  associated with the Saudi-led coalition war in Yemen.   Importantly, this legislation defines hostilities to include in- flight fueling of non-U.S. aircraft conducting counter-Houthi missions.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this resolution.   