 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank Dr. Dunn for the work, not only in ripening this issue, but also  in crafting disaster response legislation that would work for the  people impacted by Hurricane Michael.   I also want to thank the gentleman from Georgia, Austin Scott. Well  before others were speaking out on this issue, Dr. Dunn and Mr. Scott  were working very hard to ensure that the needs of our constituents  were adequately represented.   Madam Speaker, disasters give us time to rise to the occasion as  leaders in our community. They give us the chance to inspire people on  their worst day, and to ensure that those who carry the  disproportionate burden of challenge will be assisted and helped by  their fellow countrymen and women in the United States of America.   But sadly, following Hurricane Michael, we have not, as a Congress,  risen to the occasion, particularly in the Senate, where there is no  movement now on legislation, before a two-week recess, to address the  terrible tragedy of Hurricane Michael.   It is unfathomable to me that every other major storm that has hit  our country, named, has received a disaster supplemental. And I guess  the constituents that I serve, that Dr. Dunn, that Mr. Scott serve  wonder, What is so special about us? What is so different about the  people of South Georgia, South Alabama, North Florida, that we would be  left out?   Is it that Hurricane Michael blew at less of a rate of wind? No. Is  it that it dumped less rain?   I guess it's just that the people impacted by Michael are unique  victims of a broken system in Washington that careens from disaster to  disaster itself, rather than focusing on the disasters impacting our  constituents.   And, Madam Speaker, what is so deeply tragic about this is that as  folks  [[Page H3191]]  are trying to put their lives, and their schools, and their families,  and their churches back together, we are moving into the summer  lightning storm season in my community, and they are going to be  victimized all over again, because we have got 72 million cubic tons of  fuel on the ground in North Florida and South Georgia, and South  Alabama, and with the first lightning storm that is going to ignite.   And so, as my Democrat colleagues, in a matter of a day or so,  prepare for their retreat, my constituents prepare, not for a retreat,  but for the advance of fires that will take their homes, their lives,  their farms, their livelihoods, and their hope for a brighter future.   So I beg, I plead, I implore my colleagues, let's look past the  politics of this moment. Let's realize that it could be any of our  districts uniquely impacted by a storm, or a fire, or an earthquake or  some other terrible disaster; and that, while on most days, we wear our  jerseys and suit up and compete against one another in the marketplace  of ideas, let's come together as one team, as one country, and do right  by those who are suffering from these terrible tragedies.   Again, I thank my colleague from Florida for yielding time, and I  thank him for his leadership.   