 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I came to the floor to urge Members to vote against this  ill-advised resolution to disallow the President's declaration for  emergency funding on the border.   In 2006, I was in Congress, and Congress voted for the Secure Fence  Act. With the Secure Fence Act, under President Bush, 400 miles of  border fence was built. Under President Obama, an additional little  over 100 miles was built. Now President Trump has asked for a little  over 200 miles to be built to provide security for America.   Now, is it a national emergency? I will tell you, I had as my guest  to the State of the Union someone who is referred to as an angel dad.  This is an individual who went and put on the uniform and fought for  his country in Iraq. While he was there, unfortunately, his wife got  ill and died, and he came home. Now he is a single dad, and he is  taking care of his only child, a daughter. That daughter,  unfortunately, was hit by a car on the street that was driven by  someone who did not have legal status to be in this country.   Several months later, Chris came to me and said: Congressman, I did  my job. I put on the uniform. I went and defended my country. Mr.  Congressman, I did my job, and if you had been doing yours, my daughter  would be here today.   President Trump has taken that mantle very seriously. It is his goal,  it is his requirement, to defend our country at the southern border,  and the President will do just that.    If you read the history of emergency declarations in the past, you  will find a number of them. Some, perhaps, you might agree with; some,  perhaps, you might disagree with. But since the founding of our  country, it has been recognized that it has been the purview under  Article II powers for the President of the United States to be able to  exercise that emergency declaration. It was codified in the 1970s in a  law that is now the one that brings this forward today, that brings  forward this resolution of disapproval.   If you don't like the law that allows the President to declare an  emergency, change the law. You are the majority. You control the Rules  Committee. Change the law.   What is interesting about this is, last night, in the Rules  Committee, when we considered Mr. Castro's resolution, we didn't  consider it. We didn't have a single witness. Mr. Castro, I felt like  sending Capitol Police out to find him. There was no one there to  testify in favor of his resolution. The Rules Committee seemed  perfectly agreeable to accepting this without any debate whatsoever.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote against this ill-advised motion  to disallow the President's declaration of an emergency. Allow the  President to do the job he was elected to do and secure the southern  border.   