 Madam Speaker, I would like to acknowledge that Division A  of H.R. 1158, Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020's Joint Explanatory  Statement to Division A, provided an increase to the Industrial Base  Analysis and Sustainment Support program within the Research,  Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide account. Specifically, a  general program increase of $10,000,000, a $12,500,000 program increase  for manufacturing engineering, a $20,000,000 program increase for  machine and advanced manufacturing, and a $5,000,000 program increase  for an interdisciplinary center for advanced manufacturing systems.  These funds will allow the Department of Defense to leverage existing  public-private-partnerships to establish a U.S. based manufacturing  development platform for advanced microelectronic system integration,  including anti-tamper heterogeneous integration and foundational  copper-based silicon interposer technology.   The Industrial Base Analysis and Sustainment program is dedicated to  ensuring that the Department of Defense is positioned to more  effectively, and efficiently, address industrial base issues, and  support the National Security Innovation Base. This includes the  ability to proactively mitigate supply chain vulnerabilities within the  global defense industrial base, and to cultivate next generation,  emerging, defense manufacturing and technology sectors.   Continued U.S. global leadership in microelectronics depends on U.S.  owned firms operating at the leading edge of advanced logic  technologies and digital memories. The next generation of electronic  devices will require significantly greater functional density, in other  words, packing functional components together even more tightly than  current technology allows. This requires technical leadership in  microelectronics system integration,  [[Page H10386]]  specifically in the microelectronics manufacturing areas of integrating  heterogeneous devices, stacking memory, logic processing, sensors,  communications, and packaging with security and advanced interconnect  methods.   One of the foundational technologies required for advanced system  integration is copper-based silicon interposer technology. This  foundational interposer technology can enable almost any  microelectronic dependent, or internet of things, system. However,  advanced system integration capabilities have moved offshore due to  cost, and there currently is no domestic sources that can reliably  serve the low volumes of advanced microelectronics that the Department  of Defense requires.   That is why there is a need for the Industrial Base Analysis and  Sustainment Support Program to leverage existing public-private- partnerships to establish a U.S. based manufacturing development  platform for advanced microelectronic system integration, including the  foundational copperbased silicon interposer technology. This funding  increase will help to accomplish this, and I thank the Chairwoman for  the overall funding increases for the Industrial Base Analysis and  Sustainment Support Program within the Research, Development, Test and  Evaluation, Defense-Wide Account.   I want to express my gratitude and thank Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman  Visclosky, and the full Committee for all their work on the issue.    Madam Speaker, I would like to acknowledge that Division A  of H.R. 1158, Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020's Joint Explanatory  Statement to Division A, provided an increase to the Trusted and  Assured Microelectronics program within the Research, Development, Test  and Evaluation, Defense-Wide account. These funds will allow the  Department of Defense to leverage existing public-private-partnerships  to enable a U.S. based manufacturing development platform for advanced  microelectronic system integration, including anti-tamper heterogeneous  integration and foundational copper-based silicon interposer  technology.   I want to express my gratitude to Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman  Visclosky, and the full Committee for the inclusion of this funding  increase and for recognizing the urgent need to invest in trusted  foundries, advanced microelectronics cybersecurity, and manufacturing  capabilities that will translate our domestic research into fielded  capabilities for the warfighter.   Ensuring quick, reliable, and secure access to leading-edge  microelectronics is often a challenge. The changing global  semiconductor industry and the increasing sophistication of U.S.  adversaries require us to update our domestic microelectronics security  framework.   Continued U.S. global leadership in microelectronics depends on U.S.  owned firms operating at the leading edge of advanced logic  technologies and digital memories. The next generation of electronic  devices will require significantly greater functional density, in other  words, packing functional components together even more tightly than  current technology allows. This requires technical leadership in  microelectronics system integration, specifically in the  microelectronics manufacturing areas of integrating heterogeneous  devices, stacking memory, logic processing, sensors, communications,  and packaging with security and advanced interconnect methods.   One of the foundational technologies required for advanced system  integration is copper-based silicon interposer technology--also known  as heterogeneous integration. This foundational interposer technology  can enable almost any microelectronic dependent, or internet of things,  system. However, advanced system integration capabilities have moved  offshore due to cost, and there currently is no domestic sources that  can reliably serve the low volumes of advanced microelectronics that  the Department of Defense requires. That's why this funding is so  critical. We must invest in these advanced integrated capabilities so  we can secure our microelectronic systems that our service members  depend on.   Again, I support disruptive science and technology that enables a  rapid modernization of our trusted and assured microelectronics  systems. I thank my colleagues for their shared support.    Madam Speaker, I would like to acknowledge that Division A  of H.R. 1158, Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020's Joint Explanatory  Statement to Division A, provided an increase to the Defense-Wide  Manufacturing Science and Technology Program within the Research,  Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide account. Specifically, a  general program increase of $20,000,000, a $5,000,000 program increase  for manufacturing engineering programs, a $10,000,000 program increase  for manufacturing innovation institutes, a $10,000,000 program increase  for advanced manufacturing, and a $14,000,000 program increase for  manufacturing cybersecurity.   I want to express my gratitude to Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman  Visclosky, and the full Committee for the inclusion of joint  explanatory language to the bill noting the importance of obtaining  advanced microelectronics manufacturing, in support of the defense  industrial base, from trusted domestic suppliers.   Ensuring quick, reliable, and secure access to leading-edge  microelectronics is often a challenge. The changing global  semiconductor industry and the increasing sophistication of U.S.  adversaries require us to update our domestic microelectronics security  framework by establishing a comprehensive, public-private partnership- structured microelectronics cybersecurity center.   This center can provide the defense industrial base with access to  manufacturing resources to support antitamper, devices, hardware  security, and other evolving new concept technologies that support  trusted and assured manufacturing, combined with advanced system  integration and packaging technologies--known as heterogeneous  integration.   The Defense-Wide Manufacturing Science and Technology Program enables  the Department of Defense to advance reliable and secure state-of-the- art technologies. The funding increase provided in this legislation,  along with the increased funding for advanced manufacturing, will  facilitate America's innovative, secure, and domestic foundry  operations and greatly contribute to our national defense through the  establishment of a microelectronics cybersecurity center structured as  a public-private partnership.   Again, I thank the Committee for recognizing the urgent need to  invest in trusted foundries, advanced microelectronics cybersecurity,  and manufacturing capabilities that will translate our domestic  research into fielded capabilities for the warfighter. I would like to  thank Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman Visclosky, and the full Committee for  all their work on the issue.    Madam Speaker, I would like to acknowledge that Division A  of H.R. 1158, Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020's Joint Explanatory  Statement to Division A, provided an increase to the Soldier Lethality  Technology Program within the Research, Development, Test and  Evaluation, Army account. Specifically, a general program increase of  $5,000,000.   I want to express my gratitude to Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman  Visclosky, and the full Committee for the inclusion of this funding  increase. These funds allow the Army Research Lab to conduct work on a  number of important disruptive science and technology programs,  including millimeter-wave imager sensor technology needed to improve  situational awareness to our service men and women.   Ensuring access to low cost imager sensors to provide leap-ahead  capability in urban combat and situational awareness will enable troops  to move, communicate, protect, and sustain themselves better in any  combat environment. Such sensors can be used in a reconnaissance role,  with the ability to see inhabitants within building structures and  provide significant situational insight within dense urban  environments.   Again, I support the modernization of the U.S. Army and to support  disruptive science and technology. I thank my colleagues for their  shared support.   