 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to  amend House Resolution 767 to provide for 12 hours of debate equally  divided by the majority and the minority, which would allow each Member  of the House at least 1\2/3\ minutes of debate, as opposed to currently  50 seconds. The people's representatives deserve the right of more than  50 seconds to be heard in this important matter.    Madam Speaker, I come from a State that raises  corn and cotton, cockleburs and Democrats.    Your frothy eloquence neither convinces nor satisfies me.   I am from the Show Me State. You have to show me.   The only thing that you all have shown so far is that you are about  to impeach a duly elected President who has done nothing wrong.   Democrats are not impeaching the President because they are scared  for our republic or that he has committed a crime; they are impeaching  him because they fear the President's policies and how well they are  working for the American people. Most of all, they fear the election,  because they know they can't beat him.   In fact, one of my Democrat colleagues is quoted as stating: ``I am  concerned if we don't impeach him, he will get reelected.''   This kind of rhetoric is disgusting.   Impeachment is not a political weapon, and any Member who votes for  impeachment should be ashamed today.   You cannot undo the results of the 2016 election simply because your  flawed candidate did not win.   And I thank God she didn't.   Over the last 3 years, unemployment has dropped to the lowest point  in generations, we are seeing better trade agreements with our trading  partners, and record numbers of taxes and regulations that stifle  economic growth have been rolled back, all thanks to President Trump's  leadership and commitment.    Madam Speaker, this is very important. We  shouldn't be surprised. Democrats have introduced Articles of  Impeachment against five out of our last six Republican Presidents.   They are the party of impeachment. The Democrats are the party of  impeachment.  [[Page H12165]]    