 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Yes, in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, my district is home to the High-Altitude  Army National Guard Aviation Training Site, or HAATS. It is both a  privilege and an honor representing the U.S. Department of Defense's  lone training site where special aviators in the Nation's Armed Forces  and the militaries of our foreign allies learn how to fly safely in  mountainous, high-altitude environments. HAATS is a vital asset to our  national security.   Proposed wilderness expansions in this bill around HAATS are creating  concerns about the future of the site's ability to be able to ensure  military readiness for the men and women who may be deployed in combat  zones in the Middle East.   The sponsors of the CORE Act have indicated that their goal is to  protect HAATS. The DOD looks to the Colorado-specific language of DOD's  flight guidance, as published in the DOD AP/1 handbook, with regard to  how to operate under the CORE Act.   While I appreciate the DOD's guidance, I know all too well that  regulatory changes do not provide certainty. We cannot risk the  guidance being overturned by future administrations.   So, in conversations with DOD, I asked if they had any objections to  the Colorado language that is laid out in the AP/1 handbook being  codified. Subsequently, in direct correspondence with my office on both  May 13 and June 4 of this year, DOD both times stated no objection to  the codification.   The only way to be able to provide certainty for HAATS is to ensure  the implementation of the Colorado guidance by codifying that in this  bill.   So, what is that guidance? Current law requires DOD aircraft to be  able to fly at a minimum of 2,000 feet above designated wilderness  areas. However, in Colorado, the terrain conditions make maintaining  the 2,000-foot minimum altitude challenging and dangerous.   The Colorado guidance indicates that if oxygen requirements, icing  levels, engine power limitations, cloud clearance, or turbulence  prevent the DOD aircrews from meeting the 2,000-foot requirement, the  aircraft are authorized to be able to deviate from the requirement to  safely transit the wilderness areas.   You can see, clearly, why it is important that the CORE Act includes  provisions to be able to codify the Colorado guidance. I do not  understand the resistance of the majority to make this commonsense  change to the bill.   Perhaps it is because some of my colleagues remain supportive of  other pending wilderness legislation that, as drafted, would, among  other things, have a direct and negative impact on HAATS, affecting  aviators utilizing 71 landing zones amounting to 40 percent of the  HAATS training area.   Perhaps the rejection of this commonsense idea thus far is yet  another example of the need to be able to reach out to all stakeholders  and hear the concerns and ideas from the district most impacted by it,  not allowing important amendments even to be considered by this House.  We let eight amendments, Mr. Speaker, sit in the Rules Committee, not  allowing Members to be able to vote on them. These are voices from our  communities in the Third District directly impacted by the bill.   It is important to be able to seek broad community support outreach.  This is needed to be able to build true consensus for a successful  public lands effort.   I will also note that calling up the ghosts of past failed public  lands proposals that never had broad community consensus or got off the  ground to begin with is not an adequate substitute for direct community  outreach and consensus building, and also the compromise needed for a  bipartisan success story. It is an unfortunate missed opportunity in  the House to be able to get it right.   My good friend from Colorado's sense-of-Congress amendment that was  just adopted is a good message on HAATS, but, after all, that is what a  sense of Congress is: just a message with no legislative teeth.  [[Page H8702]]    Given wilderness legislation being considered by the House today  concerning federally designated wilderness in Colorado, HAATS needs  more than just a good message. It deserves something codified in law.   This MTR will do just that, at least in H.R. 823. We will be able to  codify this and ensure that nothing in this bill will override the  important Colorado guidance critical to the mission and operation of  HAATS and the safety of our men and women in the United States  military.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this motion to recommit that promotes  our national security, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   