 Mr. President, I proudly support the  confirmation of Judge T. Kent Wetherell II to the U.S. District Court  for the Northern District of Florida today. He earned his undergraduate  and juris doctor degrees from the Florida State University and has  committed himself to public service for the past 20 years. He has  served as deputy solicitor general in the Office of the Florida  Attorney General; an administrative law judge in Florida's division of  administrative hearings; and, for the past decade, as an appellate  judge on Florida's First District Court of Appeal. Judge Wetherell will  continue to serve our State and Nation well, and I am proud to support  his confirmation to the Federal bench.    Mr. President, as is now obvious to everyone,  ObamaCare made healthcare even more expensive. Premiums are up. Copays  are up. Deductibles are way up. ObamaCare has been a disaster, and even  the Democrats are admitting it.   Let's all remember, ObamaCare was sold and based on a bunch of lies.  You didn't get to keep your doctor, your health plan, and your premiums  didn't go down.   The Democrats want Medicare for All, which will absolutely ruin the  Medicare system and throw 150 million people off of the employer- sponsored health insurance they like. That would be a disaster. There  is something we can do and must do right now to help American families:  We must lower prescription drug costs.   This is very personal to me. I grew up in a family without  healthcare. My mom struggled to find care for my brother who had a  serious disease. Eventually she found a charity hospital 4 hours away  for his treatment. I remember asking my mom how much lower drug costs  would have to be for her to consider changing pharmacies. Without  missing a beat, she said: a dollar.   This story is not uncommon. All over my State I hear the same thing:  Drug prices are rising, and we are having trouble affording the  lifesaving medication we need.   I recently met Sabine Rivera, a 12-year-old from Naples, FL, who was  diagnosed with type 1 diabetes more than 2 years ago. She is 12 years  old, and she is already worried about how she will  [[Page S4754]]  afford the rising cost of insulin--something no 12-year-old should ever  have to stress about.   Patients want to shop for better coverage and lower costs, but too  often they can't or don't know how. At the same time, pharmaceutical  companies are charging low prices for prescription drugs in Canada,  Europe, and Japan but charging American consumers significantly more.  Why? Because for too long politicians have done nothing.   American consumers are subsidizing the cost of prescription drugs in  Europe and Canada and all over the world. Why should we be doing that?  That certainly is not putting America first, and that is not putting  American families first. That is why I am working with President Trump  and Republicans and Democrats in Congress to fix this problem.   I recently introduced the America First Drug Pricing Plan with  Senator Josh Hawley to take real steps to lower costs for patients and  put the consumers back in charge of their healthcare decisions. Part  one of my bill focuses on transparency.   First, pharmacies must inform patients what it will cost to purchase  drugs out of pocket instead of using their insurance and copays. If  patients choose to pay out of pocket, which is sometimes cheaper, the  total cost would be applied to their deductible.   Second, insurance companies should, and must, inform patients of the  total cost of their prescription drugs 60 days prior to open  enrollment. This allows patients to be consumers and shop around for  the best deal.   Finally, my bill would simply require that drug companies cannot  charge American consumers more for prescription drugs than the lowest  price they charge consumers in other industrialized nations.   I have found that provision to be controversial in Washington. Do you  know where it is not controversial? Everywhere else. In Tampa and  Orlando, Miami and Panama City, all over Florida, this just makes  sense. I don't spend a lot of time outside of Florida, but I would  wager and say that across the country my bill would make a lot of sense  too.   Why would we as American consumers, who make up 40 percent of the  market for prescription drugs, pay two to six times more for drugs than  consumers in Europe or Canada or Japan? That needs to change. My bill  takes real steps to change this, and I believe it should have  bipartisan support.   I also led seven of my colleagues in a letter to pharmaceutical  companies asking them to work with us on solutions to lower the cost of  prescription drugs. We are still waiting to hear back.   American consumers are facing a crisis of rising drug costs, and we  can't wait any longer. I will not and cannot accept the status quo of  rising drug costs. We need to get something done this year, and I am  fighting every day to make sure we do.   I yield the floor.   