 Madam Chair, I rise today to introduce my amendment to  H.R. 1.    Madam Chair, before I talk about my amendment, I would  first like to thank Congressman Sarbanes for his work on this bill.   H.R. 1 is a comprehensive, good government bill that goes a long way  in wresting power away from elites who abuse our political system for  narrow self-interests. This legislation would return power where it  belongs: in the hands of working people.   As long as corporations and mega-donors finance campaigns, well- connected insiders will continue to call the shots.   Mainers have seen firsthand what can happen when the power is  returned to the people. In 1996, our State's voters passed a referendum  establishing the Maine Clean Elections Act.   By collecting small donations from people in their communities, Maine  candidates refuse the donations of lobbyists and the well-heeled, and  concentrate instead on face-to-face conversations with their neighbors.  This empowers a community to choose a representative in a battle of  ideas instead of a battle of bank accounts.   Maine's clean election reforms have been supported and used by  candidates of all parties in my State. Republican,  [[Page H2595]]  Democratic, Green Party, and independent candidates have used our clean  election system.   In fact, in 2018, a Republican candidate for Governor used the system  because he understood that it was going to free him up to spend his  time going door to door and talking to the very people who he wanted to  represent as Governor of the State of Maine.   Today, we have the opportunity to follow Maine's lead and bring  needed reform to the rest of the country.   H.R. 1 allows candidates to refuse donations from mega-donors by  implementing a matching system for small-dollar donations from everyday  people.   As we have seen in Maine, candidates who use this system are good  stewards of the funds they receive. But as with any system, there is  potential for bad actors, and it is important that they be held  accountable.   My amendment to H.R. 1 ensures that any bad actors are cut off from  the matching system and sets high standards for participation. The  legislation bars a candidate from using matching funds if the FEC  assesses three or more civil penalties against a candidate for  violating election laws.   More importantly, if a candidate willfully, knowingly violates the  law, my amendment permanently bars them from the program.   Finally, my provision reaffirms that egregious violations of campaign  finance laws should result in imprisonment of up to 1 to 5 years.   With H.R. 1 and my amendment, we are creating an accountable election  system.   The funds for the matching program, as was just discussed, come from  bad corporate actors. These are fines, penalties, and settlements from  corporate malfeasance, tax crimes, and other breaches of the public  trust. That money can be used to ensure that everyday people who don't  have a network of deep money around them, just everyday, working  people, will be given the opportunity to compete in a campaign, to go  out and represent their people, to go out and spend their time talking  to them face-to-face instead of spending their time dialing for dollars  and talking to just the very wealthy.   It is time that the people take the power back. By passing my  amendment and H.R. 1, we will take that first step. Americans aren't  going to let our democracy be taken out from under us any longer.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment  and ``yes'' on final passage.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I think I am going to go home this weekend  to my district feeling comfortable that I understand what my  constituents want.   As I said earlier, in 1996, Maine voters actually voted for a public  funding program in the State of Maine. They liked the program so much  that they actually upped the ante in 2015 through another voter  referendum where Maine voters actually voted that they wanted to  continue this program and they wanted to increase the funding to keep  regular people competitive against the dark money that was flown into  elections in the State of Maine.   In the State of Maine, we actually allow convicted felons to vote.  They do it from prison. Because while we believe in holding people  accountable for their crimes, we don't feel the need, in Maine, to take  their voice away from them.   So I am going to go home knowing that I understand my district.   I also just want to take a moment--you know, some of the comments  from the Republican leader, whom I respect very much, but you want to  talk about spewing hate. H.R. 1 is a piece of legislation that  Democrats have put forward to show that one of their top priorities is  to protect our democracy, and I know a little something about it.   I fought in two wars for this country, in Afghanistan and Iraq, and I  reject this socialist rhetoric. I am an American. Democrats are  Americans. Republicans are Americans. We need to put this  hateful speech behind us and talk about how we can work together.    I understand that there is some frustration being expressed by other  side about amendments and whether or not Republicans are involved in  this process. Look, I will wrap it up, but let me just say: I have  voted for a number of Republican amendments in the last couple of  weeks, so I would encourage them to support this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   