 Mr. President, it is great to be here with Senator  Murkowski.   I rise to speak in support of the fiscal year 2020 Interior  appropriations bill, which is now before the Senate. I want to begin by  thanking my chairman and partner in this endeavor, Senator Murkowski,  for her working with me to produce a very fine bill that was crafted on  a bipartisan basis. It is extraordinary that this bill is on the floor  for the second consecutive year after many years when we were not able  to move the bill by regular order. Much of the credit goes to her  leadership and her commitment to working through tough issues in a fair  and a pragmatic way.   One of the reasons I am particularly proud of moving a bipartisan  bill is the importance this bill has for my home State of New Mexico.   This bill reflects the long tradition we have in my State of working  across the aisle to support conservation priorities. It includes a  number of important accomplishments for the State, including language  to protect the sacred landscape of Chaco Canyon, along with funding to  support the Valles Caldera National Preserve and the new resources to  clean up the PFAS contamination in New Mexico and across the country.   This bill is also an important reflection of why the work that  Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy did earlier this year to secure  a 2-year budget agreement is so important.   The Interior bill delivers roughly 2.5 percent more funding than last  year once you factor in the increase we received under the budget  agreement and the savings we picked up from using the first year of the  wildfire cap adjustment.   The funds in this bill allow this body to make solid increases to  support the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to protect and manage  national parks, wildlife refuges, and other public lands. I know many  hope we can do better on the Land and Water Conservation Fund funding,  and so do I. While I am pleased about the increase in this bill above  the enacted level, I will be working to improve the LWCF's funding when  we conference with the House. But our efforts in the short term should  not take away from the goal we have set on a bipartisan basis to  provide permanent, mandatory, full funding of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. That remains a top priority for me, and I think we  can and should accomplish that in this Congress.   The bill also makes critical investments in Indian Country. Many of  those were mentioned by Chairman Murkowski, and we believe there are  really solid things that have been done there--investments in Indian  Country, providing a 4-percent increase for the Indian Health Service  and a 2-percent increase for programs funded through the Bureau of  Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education.   We provide $2.25 billion in new firefighting funds using the wildfire  cap adjustment, which means that these funds are finally, for the first  time, provided without requiring reductions to other important  programs. It also means that the Forest Service will not be forced to  raid nonfire programs to pay for firefighting needs without knowing  whether those funds will be repaid.   The bill increases funding for the Environmental Protection Agency by  2 percent in order to support new bipartisan infrastructure priorities  and to make important investments in regional cleanup programs. The EPA  is still struggling after years of budget cuts, but I am proud that our  bill includes the best EPA budget in a decade and completely rejects  the billions in cuts proposed by the Trump administration.   It also provides vital resources to our counties by fully funding the  payment in lieu of taxes program--a program that supports over $40  million per year in local government services in New Mexico.   This bill boosts funding for cultural agencies, including the  National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities, as well as the Kennedy  Center, the National Gallery of Art, and the Smithsonian Institution.  Specifically, I am very proud that we were able to increase the budgets  of NEA and NEH by $2 million each. These funds provide a critical boost  to local arts and humanities programs in small towns across the United  States--programs that create countless jobs and ensure economic  vitality in communities like those in New Mexico.   I am also pleased that the bill contains no new funding requested by  the administration for the Interior Department reorganization,  including the efforts to dismantle the Bureau of Land Management. This  bill sends a strong message that the administration needs to push  ``pause'' and work with Members on both sides of the aisle. It is  vitally important that we now have both Chambers on record on this  important issue, and I hope the administration hears us loud and clear.   I appreciate that the bill contains no new poison pill riders for the  second year in a row, which is all the more notable given the number of  difficult issues that we confront through the EPA and the Federal land  management agencies.   I want to thank Chairman Shelby and Senator Murkowski for their  commitment to moving a clean Interior bill.   That said, I do want to note that the bill does continue several  provisions that I oppose, including provisions dealing with the lead  content of ammunition, biomass energy policy, Clean Water Act  exemptions, and Clean Air Act exemptions.   I also oppose a troubling provision in the bill that weakens  protections for the sage grouse. Given the bad-faith efforts by this  administration to weaken efforts to protect the sage grouse, it is  extremely shortsighted for Congress to continue to block protections  under the Endangered Species Act for the species when the  administration has failed to hold up its end of the bargain.   These provisions are contrary to the spirit of the no poison pill  riders agreement. Thankfully, they are not in the underlying House  bill, H.R. 3055, and I expect to have some frank conversations as part  of the conference process about the need to remove them and the need to  include a number of other important curbs on this administration  included in that legislation. So I want to be on record that in the  conference, I will be fighting to keep the House's positions on several  of these very important items.   I look forward to debating this bill, considering amendments, and  ultimately passing it with a bipartisan  [[Page S6060]]  vote so that we can proceed to a conference with the House.   I also want to express my personal thanks to the majority  subcommittee staff--Emy Lesofski, Nona McCoy, and Lucas Agnew--for  working with me and my staff. This is Emy's first bill serving as the  clerk of the subcommittee, and I congratulate her on this milestone as  the Senate takes up the bill. Their work is a great credit to Chairman  Murkowski and Chairman Shelby.   I would also like to thank my staff--Rachael Taylor, Ryan Hunt,  Melissa Zimmerman, and Faisal Amin--for all of their hard work to  accommodate the priorities of Senators on both sides of the aisle.   I think one thing that Chairman Murkowski and I worked on was trying  to handle any request that came to us from wherever in the Senate and  deal with it in a bipartisan way. So I very much appreciate working  hard with Senator Murkowski to get this bill done and to move it on to  conference with the House and to get it into law.   I yield the floor.   