 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding. I thank the Congressional Black Caucus and Representative  Adams in particular for dedicating this time to discuss an issue  affecting so many communities across the country, and particularly  Representative Adams for her leadership in congressional support for  historically Black colleges and universities.   Since their conception, HBCUs and other minority-serving institutions  have played a vital role in expanding access to higher education for  low-income students and students of color.    Many present leaders, like physicians, dentists, lawyers, judges, and  other professionals, and many elected officials, would not be where  they are today but for the opportunity provided by HBCUs, especially  the two in the Third District of Virginia, Hampton University and  Norfolk State University.   That is why earlier this year, the House unanimously passed the  FUTURE Act, a proposal to preserve funding for these institutions that  expired on September 30. The FUTURE Act is fully paid for, and it would  provide an immediate 2-year extension of funding, averting a financial  crisis that could eventually result in lost jobs, program cuts, and  reduced financial support for students.   A month later, the Committee on Education and Labor advanced the  College Affordability Act, a comprehensive overhaul of the Higher  Education Act that would increase access and affordability to higher  education and specifically would increase and permanently reauthorize  mandatory funding for historically Black colleges and other minority- serving institutions.   HBCUs and minority-serving institutions collectively serve more than  one-quarter of all undergraduate students each year. That is more than  6 million students, including many from our Nation's most underserved  communities.   It is important that we pass legislation extending the funding for  these colleges and universities so that they can continue to fulfill  their mission.   