 Madam Speaker, I rise today to correct an injustice and  to urge passage of this resolution that will put the United States  House back on the side of the people and protecting their healthcare.   For far too long, seeking to fulfill empty partisan promises at the  expense of the American people, politicians in Congress have sought to  tear apart the Affordable Care Act and its protections for people with  preexisting conditions. That ends today.   When the American people chose this new Congress, they said: Enough  with the sabotage and the kowtowing to special interests seeking to  divide us.   Too many times this very body has voted against the American people  to repeal the Affordable Care Act and, with it, the protections for  people with preexisting conditions. Now, a Federal court has put at  risk those same protections.   That brings me to the story of Natalie. As I traveled around my  district, which I am now truly honored to represent, I met Natalie. She  told me her story.   She was a lawyer with young children, Hugo and Mia, and was married  to a law professor at Southern Methodist University. I met with her on  the same day that the House had voted to repeal the Affordable Care  Act. I learned that Natalie had stage IV cancer and that she had come  to my event from her chemotherapy treatment. She explained to me that  her goal was to fight her cancer as long as possible so that her  children would know her.   Natalie came to my event that day because she was worried about  future moms like her who would lose their care if the Affordable Care  Act was repealed. Natalie was worried about a return to the bad old  days, with lifetime caps and discrimination against people with  preexisting conditions. She knew that, because of her treatment, she  would have blown through any lifetime cap in a matter of weeks.   Stories like Natalie's are all too common across America.   Tomorrow will be 1 year, to the day, since we lost Natalie, and she  is still an inspiration to me and to many other north Texans and  Americans across the  [[Page H343]]  country. You see, Madam Speaker, Natalie spent her final days, while  she was in pain, while she was saying her good-byes, emailing and  posting on social media an talking to her community about the need to  protect the Affordable Care Act so that other moms could get the care  that they need.    That is who we are as north Texans, and that is who we are as  Americans. We believe in something larger than ourselves. We believe in  protecting 130 million Americans and more than 320,000 people in my  district in north Texas who have a preexisting condition.   Let me be clear. The Affordable Care Act is not perfect, and this  resolution does not solve all the healthcare problems facing our  country. But, as one of our first acts, I hope that this measure tells  the American people that we are on their side.   I know I speak for many of my colleagues when I say that this  Congress will not stop working for the American people. We will not  relent to the special interests and the forces of cynicism. The  American people now, more than ever, need us to work together to  address the rising cost of healthcare. Americans like Natalie and her  family deserve no less.   Madam Speaker, it is truly an honor to address this body for the  first time, and it is my first act to lead this resolution to defend  the Affordable Care Act.   