 Mr. President, Gen. John Hyten is before the Senate today  to be confirmed. We are anxious to get to this. It has been a long time  in the working. It is going to happen, and I am very thankful, not just  for the sake of General Hyten but for other officers and junior  officers who are looking at a future, knowing some of the problems that  exist out there.   I have stood in this very spot and talked about exactly what our  Nation is dealing with when it comes to our national security. The  world is more dangerous now than it has ever been in my lifetime. China  and Russia are building their capabilities as we have fallen behind.   Our national defense strategy lays it all out. We have a document  that we use. This is our blueprint. It is one that was put together by  Democrats and Republicans some time ago, and we have adhered to it. As  chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I have adhered to it  and will continue to do that.   As the Department of Defense and the administration implement the  national defense strategy and the recommendations of the NDS  Commission, we need confirmed leadership at the Joint Chiefs to provide  the military perspective. We need strong, innovative leadership,  someone who understands strategy, competition, new warfighting domains  like space, and the importance of a strong nuclear deterrent. We need  strategic guidance born from years of firsthand experience.   To me, there is no doubt that General Hyten is the right man for the  second highest ranking military office. Throughout his service, General  Hyten has developed a reputation of discipline, integrity, and honor.  For the past 2\1/2\ years, he has led STRATCOM, where he has  demonstrated shrewd and decisive understanding of our national security  objectives.   Before that, he served honorably in top leadership positions at Air  Force Space Command. He has willingly and selflessly served this Nation  in uniform for nearly four decades. I am confident he is going to keep  us on a path to rebuild our military advantage and protect our civilian  military relations in all this.   The Senate considered his nomination yesterday on a 20-to-7 vote to  advance General Hyten's nomination, and here we are today making this  final decision. This came after a fair, exhaustive, bipartisan process,  where we closely reviewed his nomination, including allegations against  him. The Air Force Office of Special Investigations ran a tight and  thorough investigation.   Now, in all my years I have been here, I have never seen one of those  more exhaustive than this one. It went on and on and on, and all the  members of the committee were able to read every document that is out  there. I am very proud of the committee for taking the deliberate time  to make this happen. The committee held five executive sessions,  studied thousands of pages of investigative records, and reviewed  statements from more than 50 witnesses. Every member had the  opportunity to ask questions and to read all the documents. We did it.   The Armed Services Committee made available all the information to  make sure there was nothing that was overlooked. The Armed Services  Committee takes allegations of sexual assault very seriously, and it  has for many years. It is a problem. It is a problem we are addressing  on a regular basis. We are on it, and we are going to resolve it.   We went through a period of time in the last administration when the  military was taken down in a manner that has never happened before. It  was unprecedented. We actually went, in the last 5 years of the Obama  administration, to cutting the military by 25 percent. It has never  happened before. Now we are going through a rebuilding process. I  applaud this President for all he is doing in rebuilding our military.  I am proud of him, and that is where we are right now.   Through the NDAA and stringent oversight of the Department's efforts  to this end, we are putting a stop to any kind of misconduct that we  have been talking about. We can't stop a nomination from going forward  on unproven allegations, especially ones we examined with the utmost of  care and closest scrutiny and determined not to have merit.   So we are about to do this--about to get this position confirmed. It  is overdue. I urge my colleagues to support this nomination.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   