 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of our Nation's  fishermen and -women in support of H.R. 4719, the Funding Instruction  for Safety, Health, and Security Avoids Fishing Emergencies Act, the  FISH SAFE Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation will help ensure  that our Nation's fishermen have the resources and training they need  to stay safe on the job.   I introduced this legislation because I have heard too many stories  like Charlie Smith's. Charlie, an offshore lobsterman from Jonesport,  Maine, was 25 miles offshore pulling up traps when the rope snapped in  his pot hauler. As he tried to grab the line, the hauler ran his  fingers through, cutting two of them off. After the initial shock of  losing his fingers, he grabbed a bucket of saltwater to numb the pain.  After calling the Coast Guard, it took 3 hours for Charlie to get  medical attention.   This story is one of countless others I hear from the fishermen I  represent in Maine who are doing one of the most dangerous jobs in the  country.   According to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and  Health, a commercial fisherman is 23 times more likely to die on the  job than any other type of worker. From 2000 to 2016, an  [[Page H10280]]  estimated 204 fishermen have died, and that number has risen to at  least 224 in the past 3 years.   Despite these statistics, Congress decreased the Federal share of  funding for fishing safety training and research grants in the last  Coast Guard reauthorization bill. As a result, local organizations like  the Maine Coast Fishermen's Association, the Maine Lobstermen's  Association, and the Maine Lobstering Union have been left with higher  costs to organize and run these lifesaving safety programs.   That is why the dean of the House, Congressman   Don Young, and I  introduced the FISH SAFE Act, which restores the Federal share of  fishing safety training back to 75 percent, fixing the decrease to 50  percent created in the most recent Coast Guard reauthorization. The  bill would also reauthorize the program, as my colleagues have said, at  $3 million per year from fiscal year 2019 through 2021 and make several  noncontroversial changes to provisions regarding authorities related to  the former United States Lighthouse Service.    From Alaska to Maine, fishermen put their lives on the line every day  to provide for their families and our communities. On the fishing piers  of Stonington, Jonesport, and Deer Isle, I have met too many fishermen  and lobstermen who have sustained serious injuries--lost fingers, deep  scars, concussions--or have had close calls on the job.   That is why I am so grateful to organizations like the Maine Coast  Fishermen's Association, the Maine Lobstermen's Association, and the  Maine Lobstering Union for stepping up and providing fishing  communities with the safety training to ensure that guys like Charlie  can reduce the risk to life and limb when out at sea.   This bill is a step to make sure that our Nation's workers, including  fishermen and -women, know that we have their backs.   I thank Congressman   Don Young for working with me on this bill.  This, actually, is not the first bill that we have worked together on.  I appreciate the opportunity to work with him always, as well as  Chairman DeFazio, Ranking Member Graves, all the members of the  committee, and, in particular, their staffs, as well, for moving this  bill quickly through committee. We think it is particularly timely and  important for coastal communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important  bill.   