 Mr. President, as you know and as we know, our Nation is  facing an affordable housing crisis.   Right now, we are considering the nomination of someone who will have  the power to do something about it--Mark Calabria, the President's  nominee to spend the next half decade heading the Federal Housing  Finance Agency. He would be responsible for overseeing a $6.5 trillion  housing market that provides homes for millions of American families,  and $6.5 trillion is $6.5 thousand billion; that is how big a trillion  is. He would oversee a $6.5 trillion housing market that provides homes  for millions of families.   Far too many Americans are left behind in our housing policy. Think  about this. One-third of all households spend more than 30 percent of  their income on housing. A number that is even more frightening is that  one-quarter of American renters spend at least half their income on  housing.   One-quarter of American renters spend half of their income on  housing. What does that mean?   That is not something people around here, frankly, think about very  much. If you are a Senator, if you are a Congressman, if you are some  of the highly paid staff people, and many aren't, but if you are the  chief of staff or legislative director or if you are a staff director,  you don't think about those things.   If you do what Lincoln used to do and say ``I need to go out and get  my public-opinion baths'' and if you see how people live and you see  that somebody is paying half their income in rent, and their car breaks  down and they don't have $600 to fix their car, what happens is they  can't pay their rent. Then, if something else happens and they get  evicted, their whole life turns upside down. They have to give away  their pet, no matter what their kids think. They have to move out of  that apartment. They have to send their children to a different school.  They often have to live in the basement of a neighbor's or a cousin's  home. They end up putting their things in storage and losing them.   I don't think we understand what the housing crisis means to,  literally, tens of millions of Americans. It is not just in the city,  as the Presiding Officer knows. It is in rural areas. His State is  pretty rural. Big parts of my State are pretty rural. It is not just  East Cleveland or Over-the-Rhine in Cincinnati. It is Appalachia, small  towns, and small cities like Zanesville, OH, and Mansfield, OH--places  where you can't pay the rent or you get your home foreclosed and you  lose your home; you get thrown out of your home, and your whole life  turns upside down. That is why this is so important.   We are not only talking about renting but also about homeownership  too. The homeownership rate among African Americans is at the same  dismal level it was before we had laws in place to protect against  discrimination. Those laws are barely being enforced. The Secretary of  Housing and Urban Development seems to have little interest in  enforcing housing discrimination laws. The Senate Banking Committee  majority seems to have little interest in enforcing anti-discrimination  laws. Hispanic households are hardly better off than African-American  households. These are serious issues we have to solve.   As we face this crisis, Mark Calabria, the President's nominee for  FHFA will be on the frontlines. He will set policies that determine how  many families can afford to buy a home and how much they pay. He will  have the power to promote or discourage building affordable apartments  to serve the lowest income renters. It is not just that people's wages  are stagnant in the Trump economy. Wages are flat. It is not just that.  As prices go up, there simply isn't enough housing, so rental units are  getting more and more expensive.   If your wages are flat, no matter how hard you work--you might have  two jobs, a job making $9 and a job making $14, but it is not enough if  your rent keeps going up, as it does in far too many cases.   The record shows that Dr. Calabria is exactly the wrong person for  this job. He actually questioned the need for the 30-year fixed-rate  mortgage. Think about that. That is the primary tool  [[Page S2228]]  families use to afford homes and build wealth. I am guessing that  almost every one of my colleagues, except those born extraordinarily  rich--I am guessing that for most of us in this body, most people  watching this, most of our staffs, and most Americans who own homes,  especially the first home they bought had a 25- or 30-year fixed  mortgage. Before people owned homes much in this country, a century  ago, they had to pay off their home in 3 or 4 or 5 years, typically.  Almost nobody can do that. That is why we have the 30-year fixed-rate  mortgage.   Dr. Calabria wonders whether we need the 30-year mortgage at all.  President Trump clearly doesn't know. President Trump knows how to  build big apartment buildings and borrow money from Deutsche Bank  because no reputable bank in the United States will lend to him. But he  doesn't know what it is like to pay off a mortgage and for people who  think in terms of, ``How am I going to pay off my mortgage?'' He  doesn't understand what the importance of a 30-year mortgage is.  Presumably, that is why President Trump picked somebody like Dr.  Calabria to be in charge of housing.   Dr. Calabria has called for repealing the affordable housing goals.  One-third of households are spending more than one-third of their  income on housing, and it is worse for renters. You would think making  housing affordable would be one of Dr. Calabria's top priorities, but  he doesn't think we need the current affordable housing goals. He told  Congress that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which he would be in charge  of, should be eliminated. He would be the one overseeing a housing  finance system that has helped more than 28 million American families  become homeowners. He has questioned the need for 30-year fixed-rate  mortgages. He has called for the end of the entities he would oversee  that contribute to this housing market.   It is pretty clear--over his years of writing--whose side he is on.  During the financial crisis, when Wall Street wrecked the economy and  American communities were left to clean up the mess, Dr. Calabria  blamed homeowners for this. He called homeowners who were underwater on  their mortgage ``deadbeats.'' Think about that. The guy who is going to  oversee the whole housing agency market for the U.S. Government said  that the people who were underwater--what does underwater mean?  Underwater means that you have been paying your mortgage, but because  of a drop in the economy or in your community, what you owe is more  than what the house is worth. The house becomes devalued because of the  neighborhood, because of other foreclosures, because of other people  being evicted, and your home is worth less than what you owe the bank  for your mortgage. That is called underwater. Dr. Calabria called those  people deadbeats. Those people probably work every bit as hard as Dr.  Calabria does--not to make it personal--or as hard as most of us in the  Senate work. These are people working hard to try to get ahead. Because  of circumstances in this global economy where wages are flat, where the  rich are getting richer, where most of America is treading water, Dr.  Calabria calls these people deadbeats for something they didn't even  do. Anybody who doesn't think families will do everything they possibly  can to stay in their homes has clearly never met those who have  actually had their homes foreclosed on. I have met those families.    My wife, Connie, and I live in ZIP Code 44105 in Cleveland, OH. That  means nothing to anybody who is listening, but the ZIP Code in which we  lived in the first half of 2007 had more foreclosures than had any ZIP  Code in the United States. We live in a development of about 200 homes  that are priced at $100,000 to $200,000 to $250,000, but not far away,  in the rest of this ZIP Code, there is home, after home, after home,  after home that has been foreclosed on. These homes are generally old.  They are generally not in good shape. They generally have very toxic  levels of lead that poison children in their central nervous systems.   He is saying that these people are deadbeats--those who are working  hard. They lost their jobs. That is the main reason most of them  couldn't keep up with their mortgages. These families aren't deadbeats.  They work hard. They work a lot harder than the Wall Street traders-- that is t-r-a-d-e-r-s, perhaps--who are taking big risks with other  people's money.   Some of Ohio's families were laid off, and they tried to find new  jobs. They were making $22 an hour, and they found new jobs at $14 an  hour. They work just as hard, maybe harder, but the new jobs don't pay  as much. Some couldn't find new jobs because the economy was in a free  fall. In 2010, one in five homeowners in Ohio was underwater in his  mortgage. Yet he calls them deadbeats? One out of five people is a  deadbeat because the worth of his home dropped, and he couldn't keep up  with his mortgage?   At that time, Ohio had lost 375,000 jobs. In that year, Dr. Calabria  criticized one of the most important tools that States like Ohio had in  trying to help homeowners--the Hardest Hit Fund. The Hardest Hit Fund  helps States like Ohio and Indiana and Arizona and Florida. It helps us  weather a crisis. The housing markets and the workers in those States  were devastated. The Hardest Hit Fund helped more than 25,000  struggling homeowners. It was not enough because the effort from the  Senate was not enough, but it helped in the tearing down of thousands  of plighted homes; it helped to make neighborhoods safer; and it helped  them to recover.   Dr. Calabria said the Hardest Hit Fund was just subsidizing States  because their housing markets were getting more affordable. What kind  of person thinks this way? What kind of person says these things? What  kind of person is so hardhearted that he or she would possibly take  these positions if he or she knows any of these people? Maybe he needs  to go out and get to know some of these people.   We asked about his solution. He said we should just let prices fall.  He would sit back and let homeowners suffer and communities suffer  because of Wall Street's greed. This is the man the President of the  United States and, apparently, the majority leader in the Senate--down  the hall--want to lead in the overseeing of the housing finance in this  country.   In more than 100 blog posts, articles, and papers, Dr. Calabria made  his views clear. He said the goal of housing reform should actually be  to shrink our mortgage market, that we should eliminate the GSEs and  the Federal Housing Administration. My colleagues who plan to support  his nomination today or tomorrow or whenever the vote comes should not  act surprised if he raises costs for borrowers, if he makes it more  difficult to develop affordable housing, or if he cuts off access to  homeownership for American families. That is exactly what he has  advocated for in his entire career.   This is a critical job. It is why nominees like him should be  debated. Americans should have the chance to make their voices heard on  a nominee like him, who can make it harder for them to buy homes.   My colleague down the hall is Senator McConnell. He has the office  100 feet or so down the hall in which you see high-powered, expensive,  suited, well-compensated lobbyists going in and out all day, streaming  in and out. They are writing tax bills, fighting for the oil companies,  enriching the pharmaceutical companies, and all of the kinds of things  that lobbyists down the hall do who, I was going to say, work for  Senator McConnell. They don't actually work for Senator McConnell, but  they help Senator McConnell with part of what his political  organization is. As a result, Senator McConnell, in order to help these  special interests, is changing the Senate rules.   It is not enough that Senator McConnell blocked a Supreme Court  Justice for over a year. It is not enough that Senator McConnell  supports all of the dark money in politics or that billionaires can put  money into political campaigns and nobody knows exactly where the money  comes from. It is not enough that the Supreme Court is now controlled  by the corporate elite in this country. It is not enough that the  Senate is controlled by the corporate elite. It is not enough that the  White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives except on  the day it looks like a retreat for oil company executives, except on  the day it looks like a retreat for big drug companies. That is not  enough for Senator McConnell. So what is he going to do? He is going to  change the rules. He is going  [[Page S2229]]  to give less time to debate nominees who will have immense power over  people's lives.   We talk about judges who serve lifetime appointments. We talk about  the heads of Agencies, like of the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau, who have the power to hold corporations accountable if they use  that power. Of course, we are talking about Dr. Calabria, who is  supposed to make the housing market work for all Americans, yet who  isn't sure we need the 30-year mortgage. Think about that.   We shouldn't be rushing these people through. We need time for the  people we serve to make their voices heard. I would hope my colleagues  would agree that these nominees deserve thoughtful consideration; they  deserve debates; they deserve somebody who will defend them to come to  the Senate floor. Let my fellow Republicans from the Banking, Housing,  and Urban Affairs Committee--people with whom I get along well and  personally like--make the case for Dr. Calabria. Let them answer why he  is not for the 30-year fixed mortgage, why he calls people who are  underwater in their mortgages deadbeats. Why is that?   I would hope my colleagues would come to this floor and debate. I  would hope that Senator McConnell would allow enough time for us to  debate. I would hope my colleagues would reject Dr. Calabria's  nomination and tell the President to send us a new nominee who will  take the job at the FHFA seriously and make it easier, not harder, for  Americans to afford housing.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   