 Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend, colleague, and the  ranking member for yielding this time.   I also want to say how thankful I am that we are in this body, in  public, in front of the American people debating something that is very  important to this Nation, that at least this process isn't held in the  basement of this building, behind closed doors, away from the American  people like some other issues are being held right now. I am at least  still thankful for that.   But here we go again. It is another attempt by our friends on the  other side to bring a bad idea to fix a bad situation. This is the  third attempt for a Federal takeover of our election system.   It kind of reminds me of a popular commercial that is on television  right now about these young people in a horror show. There is something  evil after them, and they are outside of this spooky, old house and are  like: ``We have to go somewhere to hide.''   One of the young people says: ``Why don't we get in the running  car?''   The others say: ``That is a dumb idea. Let's go hide in the spooky  shed behind the chainsaws.''   Here we go, running to chainsaws again, running to chainsaws, getting  ourselves in a worse situation. This would have done nothing to  prohibit the Russian meddling in the 2016 election--nothing.   What would have made a difference is the Obama administration, which  was advised that the Russians were attempting to hack into our system,  that they were meddling. The Obama cybersecurity czar, he brought it to  their attention and proposed countermeasures, and he was told to stand  down.   We did nothing within the power that we already have to try to stop  foreign influence in our elections. That is where we need to be  focused.   This goes further than needs to happen by giving the Federal  Government more power, more authority to take away the authority that  has been given to the States to oversee their elections.   If these weren't enough concerns, this thing has been rushed to the  floor with zero hearings. Let me repeat that: There have been no  hearings, no fact-findings to get to the bottom of what would be  the best solution to this problem. None.    It was a quickly scheduled markup that was rushed to the floor. And  here we are again, working on a piece of legislation that would do  nothing to fix the problem and has no chance of going anywhere in the  Senate.   I suggest that we work together on a bipartisan basis to actually  come up with a solution that works for the American people.   