 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a new report from NBC News last night  detailed the inhumane treatment of migrant children at the Arizona  border stations: allegations of sexual assault, retaliation by Customs  and Border Protection officers, overcrowding, lack of showers, lack of  clean clothes, and lack of space to sleep. The accounts made by dozens  of children at these facilities are horrifying and are completely  unacceptable.   In the wake of several similar reports about the treatment of  migrants by CBP officers in Texas, in the wake of revelations of secret  Facebook groups where Border Patrol officers joke about the horrid  treatment of migrants, it is abundantly clear that there is a toxic  culture at Border Patrol that can only be changed--only be changed--by  the immediate firing and replacing of top leadership at the Agency. CBP  needs to clean house. The top people at CBP ought to be fired now.   In just a few days on the job, Mark Morgan, the Acting Commissioner,  has already shown himself to be far too callous about the way in which  children and their families are treated. We need committed law  enforcement professionals to take over the CBP, particularly those who  have training and expertise in working with vulnerable populations.   There are rumors that Mr. Morgan was chosen because he is a tough  guy--a tough guy--on kids. But he is a tough guy who will tolerate an  out-of-control culture in many parts of the CBP.   It is a perfectly wrong choice for what is going on there. I will say  this to President Trump. He is not going to help you. Whatever  Americans' views are on immigration, they don't like pictures of little  children in squalid and awful conditions, whoever they are.   The Acting Secretary of Homeland Security, Kevin McAleenan, who  oversees CBP, needs to take this matter into his own hands. He has  shown far more balance, far more expertise, and far more ability to  talk about the truth--not some ideology--than Morgan or some of the  others. He should take this matter into his own hands and pursue  changes to the Agency that go beyond mere investigations and reports.   CBP needs a real change in personnel and in leadership, and it needs  it now. The reports by NBC News and many others are a stain on this  great Nation. We are not perfect. We are a lot better than most  everyone else. But in the past, when there was a problem, we didn't  revel in it; we tried to solve it. We cannot allow what is happening at  the border to continue.   