 Mr. Chairman, I thank the  chairman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer support for this bill, which  includes my legislation, the Gregg Wenzel Clandestine Heroes Parity  Act.   Mr. Chairman, my bill honors an unsung son of the Hudson Valley, CIA  Officer Gregg Wenzel, who died in Ethiopia on July 9, 2003. He was only  33 years old.   Gregg was inspired to join the Clandestine Service after September 11  and dedicated his life to making the United States stronger in our  fight against terrorism. That is what CIA officers do; they put their  lives on the line for our freedoms. But because of the nature of their  work, they rarely get the recognition they deserve.   This bill simply ensures that the families of fallen CIA officers  receive the death benefits their loved ones earned laying down their  lives in service of our Nation.    Gregg was born in the Bronx and graduated from Monroe-Woodbury High  School in Orange County, New York. He went on to earn degrees from the  State University of New York at Binghamton and then the University of  Miami School of Law.   After joining the CIA, he was assigned his first overseas tour as an  operations officer in the Horn of Africa. The assignment was  challenging, but Gregg was known for his grit and good spirit.   After his death, Gregg was awarded the CIA's Intelligence  Commendation Medal and the Exceptional Service Medallion. You can find  his star, number 81, on the CIA Memorial Wall in Langley. And we even  honored his service in 2015 by renaming the Monroe, New York, post  office the Gregg David Wenzel Memorial Post Office, which is the first  such honor ever to be bestowed on a CIA officer.   But even with these distinctions, Gregg's family was never able to  access the death benefits he had earned in life. A loophole currently  blocks benefits for all CIA officers who don't have dependents or who  are not killed by a known act of terrorism. My bill simply changes that  and rights this wrong.   I am so thankful to Gregg's parents, Gladys and Mitch Wenzel, for  never giving up on this fight. This bill is an opportunity for us, as a  grateful nation, to honor Gregg and his family and to honor all of our  fallen CIA officers and the families they have left behind.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   