 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill H.R.  2066, the DHS Intelligence Rotational Assignment Program Act of 2019.   Having spent nearly a decade working on intelligence issues for the  military and the Intelligence Community, I know first-hand the  importance of collaboration between different intelligence offices.  Understanding the mission sets and key intelligence questions of  partner agencies not only makes the entire Intelligence Community  better, but keeps our nation safer. We must do all we can to strengthen  participation in programs that seek to encourage this type of cross  pollination.   The Intelligence Rotational Assignment Program, or TRAP, was  established to provide the Department's intelligence analysts with the  opportunity to gain experience in the different mission areas across  the DHS intelligence enterprise.   While the establishment of IRAP was an important step for improving  intra-agency communication, the program has seen low levels of  participation due to the fact that most DHS intelligence offices are  unaware of the program's existence, and there are no incentives for  analysts to partake.   H.R. 2066 seeks to reverse this trend by authorizing IRAP within the  larger ``Homeland Security Rotation Program,'' or HSRP. Operated by the  Under Secretary of Management, the HSRP encourages rotations for senior  level employees throughout the Department to broaden their knowledge of  various component operations.   Establishing a specific intelligence rotation program through this  framework will raise the program's profile within the Department and  encourage new incentives. Further, by creating a more robust and  transparent rotation program, this bill encourages DHS intelligence  analysts to gain the skills and competencies that elevate the  Department's Intelligence Enterprise above its individual program  missions while ensuring the program's existence in the future.   I want to thank Chairman Thompson and Ranking Member Rogers for  bringing this bill to the Floor, and my colleagues for supporting its  passage. I urge the Senate to swiftly adopt this important legislation,  and yield back the balance of my time.   