 Mr. Speaker, too often, we forget what our  healthcare system was like before we passed the Affordable Care Act.   Before the ACA, healthcare costs were skyrocketing; insurers could  deny people coverage if they had a preexisting condition; policies did  not have to provide essential benefits; and people were losing  their insurance at alarming rates. Before the Affordable Care Act,  insurers could place annual and lifetime caps on insurance coverage.    Today, the Affordable Care Act ensures that 130 million Americans  with preexisting conditions can have access to the healthcare peace of  mind and financial security that comes with quality, affordable health  coverage.   Now, we have heard a lot about what we can do to make things better.  We have heard about a bill that just protects those with preexisting  conditions. The problem with that, Mr. Speaker, is, if you allow people  to wait until they get sick before they buy insurance, they will wait  until they get sick before they buy insurance. Those buying insurance  are, on average, sicker, and the costs tend to go up. Fewer people can  afford it. The healthy people drop out, and the costs go up.   There is a name for this cycle. It is called the death spiral. Every  time they try to protect those with preexisting conditions without the  supports of the Affordable Care Act, there is a death spiral out of  control.   In Washington State, for 3 years, they tried that. In the 3 years,  nobody could buy insurance.   New York was in the death spiral when we passed the Affordable Care  Act. When we passed the Affordable Care Act, the costs for individual  insurance dropped more than 50 percent.   So we know we just can't protect those with preexisting conditions  without the supports and tax credits available under the Affordable  Care Act. But we do know what a replacement plan looks like.   The Republicans voted on such a thing. It was actually evaluated by  the Congressional Budget Office, finding that, if the bill passed,  about 20-some million fewer people would have insurance.   They talk about costs. Under their plan, the costs would go up 20  percent the first year. Insurance policies would not have to cover  essential benefits, as they do now, and those with preexisting  conditions would lose many of their protections.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and  support people with preexisting conditions so that they can have access  to the care they need to live healthy and fulfilling lives.   