 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding.   I do agree that the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows) has  tried mightily to work with us on various issues. He is not a bad man,  he is just wrong on this one issue, in my opinion.   First of all, I rise in support of this very, very modest cost-of- living increase for Federal workers.   My wife has a habit of reminding me from time to time. She says: When  we  [[Page H1301]]  first met, you were an ironworker. Then you went to law school and  became a lawyer. Then you ran for office and became a politician. You  know, it has been one disappointment after another.   But I want to say, as an ironworker I was in a much better position  than our Federal workers. When I was an ironworker--and I eventually  became president of the union--if my job was unsafe or if the employer  refused to pay my workers, as a union president, I would pull my men  and women off the job. Under Taft-Hartley 1947, we changed that law for  Federal workers, everybody in the Federal Government. We said,  ironically, that these jobs are so important that we can't have the  government shut down. We can't have the government shut down.   So even though we have a President now in the White House who not  only shut the job down, forced the workers to work without pay, and  then--that was on the 22nd of December--on the 28th of December he  signs an executive order that says no pay increase for all of 2019 for  our Federal workers.   I want to point out that the TSA workers--whom we walk by at least  twice a week as we come and go from Washington--their base starting  salary is $28,000 a year--$28,000 a year. I made more money than that  when I was an apprentice boy for the ironworkers back in 1972--$28,000  a year. This would represent a $27-a-week cost-of-living adjustment for  those workers.    In Taft-Hartley we said that as a government we were  taking away the right of workers to strike. As an ironworker, I put my  tools down if I thought it was unsafe or if somebody cut my pay. We  don't allow Federal workers to do that.   I am saying that this President has broken that covenant of treating  our workers with respect. I think it is only fair that we consider  giving back the right to strike to our Federal workers. Let them stand  up for themselves and protest like we give every other human being in  our society. Give them the right to protest. Give them the right to  strike if we are not going to treat them right.   I think that, unfortunately, we have come to this point. I certainly  want to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this very modest cost- of-living adjustment on behalf of our Federal workers.   