 Mr. President, I am also joined by Senator Casey, of  Pennsylvania, who has been a leader as Senator Murphy has been. We look  to Senator Murphy every day in this body because he has seen this  tragedy up close in the most vivid, awful ways. We appreciate how he  has represented victims and people who might end up being victims. If  we do this right, they won't end up being victims. His leadership has  really mattered.   On a Sunday morning 6 weeks ago, Connie and I woke up, checked our  iPhones, and immediately called out to each other and said: Oh, my  gosh. Look what has happened in Dayton.   It was the first Saturday night in August. At 1 o'clock that Sunday  morning, a local man with an assault weapon walked into the Oregon  District in Dayton, as people were out having fun that night, and just  opened fired. He killed his sister, and he killed eight others. He  wounded more than 20. In the space of 32 seconds, he had fired 41  bullets. It tells you the kind of gun he had. Heroically, six police  officers descended on him. They shot him and killed him before he could  walk into this nightclub where he would have probably killed 20 other  people.   I called Mayor Nan Whaley that morning, probably at 8:30. It was  pretty incredible. This happened at 1 o'clock in the morning. I called  her at 8:30--7\1/2\ hours later. The first thing she said to me was  that she had gotten emails and texts and calls--in her words--from  several dozen mayors around the country who had either had to deal with  this, as many had, or had had situations in which they had had gun  violence and had just offered to help her in any way they could.  [[Page S5527]]    We know what happens. We know that every time there is gun violence-- every time there is a mass shooting--the first thing the Republicans  say is: My thoughts and prayers are with the victims.   How can you not agree with that? We all think that.   Then they say ``Now is not the time to talk about it'' as if they  ever want to talk about it.   Then they say: You know, we have to do something about mental health  in this country.   Ask Senator Casey about his efforts on Medicaid and my efforts on  Medicaid. The people who sit on this side of the aisle--where the  Republicans sit here--are the ones who stood a year ago at every one of  these desks, all of the Senators having their health insurance paid for  by the government, paid for by taxpayers, and tried to take away health  insurance for millions and millions of Americans.   Senator Casey told me today that 1.1 million people in Pennsylvania  now have health insurance because of the Affordable Care Act. In my  State, where my daughter Elizabeth Brown is a councilperson in  Columbus, 900,000 people have insurance because of that. On this side  of the aisle, every single Senator except for three--one of whom has  passed away--voted to take away the insurance, to repeal the Affordable  Care Act. Then they have the gall to say we have to do more on mental  health. If that had passed--if they had repealed the Affordable Care  Act--hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians and Ohioans wouldn't have  had the mental health services they are getting now. So spare me that  whining. Spare me that ``oh, we want to take care of mental health  issues.'' No, they don't. They just want to do the NRA's bidding.   Look down this aisle. Look down this hall. Right down this hall is  Senator McConnell's office. I am not going to say that gun lobbyists  walk down that hall and walk into his office and hand him money. I  don't think they do that. Yet I do know that until we break the  addiction that Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell and most of the  Republicans--most of the people in this body--have to gun lobby money,  campaign contributions, we will never solve this problem.   We heard that. That is what we heard the first day in Dayton. My wife  and I drove to Dayton that afternoon. The President came to Dayton 2  days later. I joined President Trump at the bottom of Air Force One. As  he got off the plane, I stood with Mayor Whaley.   We both looked President Trump in the eye and said: Mr. President, I  hope you will call Senator McConnell and ask him to bring the Senate  back.   This was in early August. The Senate was out of session for 5 weeks.   I hope you will ask Senator McConnell to bring the Senate back into  session and pass the House bill that sets up something very simple-- universal background checks.   As Senator Murphy said, 90 percent of the American public supports  background checks. You know, the only people who don't support  background checks are professional lobbyists for the NRA and the people  who sit over here. Other than that, it is over 90 percent. A majority  of gun owners in Ohio support universal background checks. A majority  of Republicans support universal background checks. A majority of NRA  members in Ohio support universal background checks. The only people  who don't are Members of this body and that tiny group of NRA  professional lobbyists. It is not NRA members who are stopping  background checks from passing. It is that narrow group of millionaire,  NRA, highly paid, professional lobbyists. That is why we can't pass it  here. That is what we have had happen.   Mayor Nan Whaley and I asked President Trump to pass it, and he said:  I am going to do big things. We are going to do big things and fix  this.   Then we saw him later at the hospital. President Trump went around  the hospital with the First Lady. They were kind and generous and  empathetic, I believe, with the patients who were there who had been  injured and with their family members. Then we met the police  officers--the six heroic police officers. We thanked them profusely-- all of us--for their courage in saving lives.   Then we walked out of the room, the Governor and the other Senator  from Ohio and the local Congressman and the mayor, and he said: We are  going to have the biggest awards ever. We are going to give them the  biggest Presidential medals ever made for these heroes.   I said: That is really good, Mr. President, but do you know what they  would really like? What they would really like is for us to pass  background checks and make their jobs a little easier, so when they  walk in, they are not ambushed by people with illegal guns.   The President said he was going to do something, then he talked to  the NRA, and then he talked to the gun lobby. It is the same story.   Again, when I open this door and look down the hall, I don't expect  to see--well, it is late in the day, but I don't expect to see gun  lobbyists lining up handing Mitch McConnell money. It is illegal. I  don't think he does stuff like that, take money in this body.   I do know, again, that until we break the addiction, until the voters  or the Congress or somehow we break the addiction to gun lobby money  that Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump and the majority party have, we  can't solve this.   This is just too important. For every mass shooting that makes a  headline, there are so many other Americans whose lives are taken by  gun violence but don't get the same attention. This has to end.   No more stigmatizing people with mental illness. We should stop  stigmatizing people with mental illness. Congress should stop taking  orders from the NRA and start acting to keep people safe.   I will close with this before Senator Casey speaks: The shooting was  at 1 in the morning on a Sunday. Sunday night, people gathered in the  Oregon District--heartbroken people, relatives, friends, community  people, just people who were just shellshocked and felt awful about  what happened to their city and to those victims--gathered in the  Oregon District in Dayton. The Governor was there, and the mayor was up  front, and one or two people started yelling: Do something. Do  something. Then more and more people joined in, and they started  chanting: Do something. Do something.   They were chanting it to local officials. They were chanting it so  the Governor heard it and maybe even some State legislators in Ohio  heard it. They were shouting loud enough that in this body we should  hear that shout to do something.   It starts by taking the bill that passed the House down the hall,  bringing it to the Senate floor, debating it, voting on it, passing  strong, reasonable background checks. That is the step we need to take.  There is simply no excuse for not doing it.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Tanya Otsuka,  a fellow for the minority staff on the Committee on Banking, Housing,  and Urban Affairs, be granted floor permission until Tuesday, December  31, and also to recognize Drew Martineau, Abigail Duggan, and Shomari  Figures.   