 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4803, the  Citizenship for Children of Military Members and Civil Servants Act.   Most people believe that, in all circumstances, as long as one parent  is a U.S. citizen, a child is automatically a U.S. citizen. In reality,  the Immigration and Nationality Act lays out specific residency,  physical presence, and other requirements for when a child is deemed a  U.S. citizen and what procedures a parent must go through to claim that  citizenship.   For instance, section 320 of the INA requires that a child of a U.S.  citizen automatically becomes a U.S. citizen if the child is under the  age of 18 and is ``residing in the United States in the legal and  physical custody of the citizen pursuant to a lawful admission for  permanent residence.''   This creates a problem for some U.S. citizens and their families who  are serving overseas in the military or other U.S. Government positions  and who cannot return to the United States.   Until very recently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services,  USCIS, had been interpreting the term ``residing in'' to cover children  of U.S. citizen government employees or members of the U.S. Armed  Forces who were employed or stationed outside the U.S. That  interpretation, however, was inconsistent with other parts of the INA  and inconsistent, even, with the State Department's interpretation.   Thus, there were instances when a U.S. citizen parent was told by  USCIS that their child was automatically a U.S. citizen, but when the  parent tried to obtain a U.S. passport for the child, they were told  that the child was not yet a U.S. citizen because the proper process  had not been followed.   In late August, USCIS issued policy guidance aimed at correctly  interpreting ``residing in'' to be consistent with the INA and the  State Department's interpretation.   It should be noted that, even if H.R. 4803 is not enacted, the  children affected by USCIS' new guidance will still be able to claim  U.S. citizenship; however, their families will have to jump through  many more hoops to do so.   Luckily, this issue affects fewer than 100 families per year, most of  whom are cases of adoption or where the child is a teenager when the  parent naturalizes.   USCIS was legally correct to do what it did, but we in Congress are  also right to make the technical change that allows the affected child  to be automatically considered a U.S. citizen.   The committee ranking member worked closely with Chairman Nadler to  craft H.R. 4803. The bill deems the child of a U.S. citizen parent to  be in compliance with the residence requirements of INA section 320 in  circumstances where: one, the U.S. citizen parent is an employee of the  U.S. Government stationed abroad or a spouse of that employee residing  abroad with that employee; or, two, the U.S. citizen parent is a member  of the Armed Forces stationed abroad or spouse of that member residing  abroad with that member, and the child is authorized to and is  accompanying the member.   The bill ensures that children of U.S. Armed Forces members and U.S.  Government personnel are not disadvantaged merely because their  parents' service to our country requires them to be deployed abroad.   I am pleased that the legislative process worked as it should, that  Republicans and Democrats saw a legal issue that needed to be fixed and  we worked together to pass the affecting legislation.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman said, currently the nationals of 84  countries are eligible for E-1 and/or E-2 status. During fiscal year  2017, about 48,000 E-1 and E-2 visas were issued.   In the past, countries became eligible for these programs through  treaties signed with the U.S. However, in 2003, the Judiciary Committee  reached an understanding with the U.S. Trade Representative that no  immigration provisions were to be included in future trade agreements.  Henceforth, legislation would be required to add countries.   This bill would make Portuguese nationals eligible for E-1 and E-2  visas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4018, the elderly offender  good conduct time legislation. Last year, Ranking Member Collins and  Congressman Hakeem Jeffries led the way in drafting and shepherding  through Congress the First Step Act. Attorney General Barr has  repeatedly stated his intent to fully implement the provisions of the  act.   Our job as legislators in this space is twofold; first, to conduct  oversight to ensure the First Step Act is responsibly implemented; and,  two, to address issues in that implementation.   One such technical issue is addressed by H.R. 4018. This bill would  allow the Bureau of Prisons to transfer eligible elderly, nonviolent  offenders from BOP facilities into home confinement when they have  reached 60 years of age and served two-thirds of the term of  imprisonment to which they were sentenced.   This is a bill technical in nature designed to correct a flaw in the  First Step Act that will promote fairness in the implementation of good  conduct time, as reformed in the First Step Act, and ensure our prisons  do not become nursing homes. I believe that if we do not ensure that  this act works, we will lose credibility with the American people, and  any future efforts to reform our criminal justice system will fail.   Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to do  the same. I thank the gentleman for his support of this fine  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time   