 Mr. Speaker, last week, the House passed H.R. 1, major  legislation to strengthen voter access, address the corrosive influence  of dark money in politics, institute national redistricting reform, and  hold public officials accountable to higher standards of ethics and  transparency.   Taking the next step, this week is sunshine week on the House floor.  The House has already passed several pieces of legislation this week to  modernize government and increase transparency, accountability, and  good governance. They include measures aimed at shining a light onto  Russia's malign activities around the world and the suppression of  democracy within its own borders.   The resolution we now have before us expresses the sense of Congress  that the American public ought to have transparency when it comes to  the investigation into Russia's interference in our elections and  efforts to undermine our democracy. It says that the special counsel's  report ought to be made public to the fullest extent of the law and  that Congress should see all of it.   Nearly 9 in 10 Americans believe the special counsel's report should  be made public, and we have heard that from Republicans in Congress as  well. I hope this will be a bipartisan vote to tell the American  people: You have the right to and ought to know the results of this  report.   One of my Republican colleagues, Representative  Mike Turner from  Ohio, said in February the report has to be made public.   Susan Collins of Maine said: ``The American people deserve to know  what the findings are of Mr. Mueller.''   ``I believe the report should be released,'' said Senator Collins.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me, Mr. Nadler,  Republicans, and Democrats on supporting this resolution and in calling  for transparency. Let's come together in a bipartisan vote to make it  clear that the American people deserve to know the full extent of what  Russia--of what Russia--has done in the objective of subverting and  undermining our democratic institutions.   I thank the chair for bringing this resolution to the floor. I urge  all of us to support it. Let's send a unanimous message to the Russians  and to any other country or entity that would try to subvert our  democratic elections that that will not be tolerated.   