 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McHenry for his leadership on  this, and for his co-sponsorship.   I want to particularly cite Steny Hoyer, not only as a great friend,  but as one who really helped shepherd this to the floor today.   These are not easy. In fact, I talked to a colleague earlier today  who has got another coin bill, and I told him I don't know if I can  ever do another one of these again. It takes a lot of work.   This has been bipartisan from the very start, and I want to thank my  friend, Mike Crapo, who used to be on the House Energy and Commerce  Committee, who now chairs the Senate Finance Committee.   But particularly, I want to thank my three colleagues that I see on  the other side here, Debbie Dingell, Annie Kuster, and Chris Pappas,  for their help to make sure that we could, in fact, get more than 290  cosponsors, which is the magic number to try and get this thing done.   It is, as Mr. Hoyer, the majority leader, said, an important piece of  legislation; it really is. It is, in essence, the Senate companion. Our  bill, H.R. 500, is the companion to the Senate bill, S. 239, which  passed at the end, just before the August break in the Senate.   But we only do two coin bills a year. And as one that helped  buttonhole Members about this, there is no cost to the Treasury. That  is important. All of the costs are firstborn; the sale of the coins all  goes to reimburse the Treasury for the costs that are associated, and  then the profits from the coins go to the particular cause; in this  case, it is FIRST.   Many of us on both sides, all across the country, have seen FIRST  competitions in high schools, with high schools, tens of thousands of  high school students over the last 10, 15-some years.   More than 3,500 individual corporate sponsors help to enlist people  to be encouraged to go into the math and science fields, to compete, to  develop robots, to compete against each other, to work with each other,  build team partnerships, and it really makes a difference.   In fact, there is a story that the current Air Force Academy  Superintendent apparently said earlier this year that one of the first  things that they look at for students for admission to the Air Force  Academy is: Did they participate in FIRST. Because they know that if  they did, that is an outstanding outside-school activity and they know  that they are on the right path.   What this coin is going to do, with Christa McAuliffe's picture, but  the other six astronauts that were with her on that fateful January  day, the sale of that coin is going to help FIRST, which was set up by  Dean Kamen, who, in my book, is a rock star. But he, in essence, is the  Thomas Edison of today.   Yep, he did the Segway. He also did the kidney dialysis machine. He  has done prosthetics so that our veterans coming back from Iraq and  Afghanistan are actually able to be functional in a way that makes up  for the loss of those particular limbs.   He is such an enthusiastic supporter of this that it is not only in  every State in the Nation, but all around the world now, in terms of  competition. And they have provided financial assistance, I think more  than $50 million in scholarship loans, to students looking to move on  to higher education, particularly in engineering.   So this coin is going to be a sellout. I am looking forward to 2021  to getting my coin for sure and helping the cause.   I would note that our State, in Michigan, under Governor Snyder, and  now Governor Whitmer, a Republican and a Democrat, they have authorized  in their budget at least $10 million a year to help offset the costs  that are associated with the students as they participate in this  program that often starts in January and concludes, as we saw in the  worldwide competition in Detroit earlier this year, just a few months  later.   So it is a great program. All of us need to support it.   Having more than 300 cosponsors was pretty awesome to do in just a  short amount of time. And I congratulate my colleagues from New  Hampshire, particularly the ones that are on the floor today for their  work with our Senate colleagues to get this thing across the finish  line. Knowing that you can only do two is pretty amazing.   I reserve the balance of my time, just in case somebody needs it. I  urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   