 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague  Representative Schneider from Illinois for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the first bill I introduced  as a Member of Congress, the bipartisan Service-Disabled Veterans Small  Business Continuation Act.   This legislation which I introduced with Members from both sides of  the aisle, Ranking Member Chabot, Congressman Jack Bergman, and  Representative Correa, responds to the critical need to ensure that  spouses of service-disabled veterans can start or continue operating a  small business after the veteran's passing.   The spouses, families, and loved ones of our servicemembers carry  enormous burdens. Not only do they make sacrifices to support their  loved ones in the military, they are integral to the transition back to  civilian life.   The Service-Disabled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act seeks  to address one of the many burdens carried by the spouses of our  military veterans. Rightfully so, both the Small Business  Administration, and the VA give contracting preferences to small  businesses owned by service-disabled veterans. However, currently, when  the veteran dies, only a small handful of spouses can retain that  contracting preference. That is because this contracting preference is  only given to the spouses of veterans with a 100 percent disability.   Spouses of service-disabled veterans should be able to retain this  preference  [[Page H8803]]  regardless of the veteran's disability rating. This bill makes an  important correction ensuring that all spouses of service-disabled  veterans retain Federal contracting preference as a service-disabled  veteran-owned small business no matter the severity of that veteran's  injury.   This will give surviving spouses the opportunity to remain  competitive in the Federal contracting market and help ensure that  businesses are not upended after the death of their veteran spouse.   I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their  cooperation on this issue and commitment to the families and spouses of  our veterans. Caring for our Nation's heroes should never be a partisan  issue. I urge the House to support this legislation.   