 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about an issue that,  candidly, we don't talk enough about around here, and that is the  threat to the Affordable Care Act and the lawsuit that was filed and is  now in a Federal court. This time, it is in the Circuit Court of  Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.   Earlier this month, there were oral arguments. This case could be  decided in a short timeframe, maybe even this fall. I guess, because it  is not an issue that is being debated in the Halls of Congress by way  of hearings or votes or otherwise, it doesn't get the attention it  warrants.   This lawsuit, which is now a direct challenge to the  constitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,  would be every bit as devastating and harmful as the repeal efforts  that were undertaken two summers ago, in 2017, and the consequences of  the success in that lawsuit would put the country in the same place it  would have been had the repeal effort been successful.   If you want to simplify it, the Affordable Care Act has two parts to  it. We know, for example, of the protections that were put in place in  the Affordable Care Act, one was new protections, and the other was new  coverage. So, roughly, 20 million people got coverage who didn't have  coverage before. Most of those 20 million, at the time--or a higher  number at least--were folks who had gained their healthcare coverage  through Medicaid expansion. As we now know, Medicaid expansion has had  a number of positive impacts on the American people.   It really came into force--came into effect--right in the middle of  or in one of the early stages of our broader awareness of the opioid  crisis, of the addiction crisis. Were it not for the expansion of  Medicaid, a lot of people in my home State of Pennsylvania and around  the country would not have had treatment for opioid misuse or for the  broader category of substance use disorder conditions. Medicaid  expansion has helped a lot of people with treatment, which is essential  to freeing yourself from the grip of an addiction we have seen so  often.   This lawsuit was successful in the district court. If it were to be  affirmed, for example, in the Fifth Circuit, it would mean this court  would declare the Affordable Care Act as unconstitutional. The effect  of that would be that Medicaid expansion would go away--protections for  a much larger number of Americans, not simply those who need opioid  treatment or treatment for opioid addictions or for substance use  disorder conditions and not just for those who have been newly  enrolled--for the roughly 20 million who have gotten coverage.   When you are talking about the protections, you are talking about a  much larger number of Americans--maybe as high as 150 million Americans  or more--who have protections not only in the circumstances in which  they had preexisting conditions but also protections against capping  the coverage one would get or the treatment one would get over a year  or over a lifetime, which is just to mention two or three new  protections. For example, it would go away for all of those young  people who have been able to stay on their parents' health insurance  plans until the age of 26. So you are talking about a tremendous  coverage loss of at least millions of people--potentially as high as  20-plus million people--and the elimination of protections for tens and  tens and tens of millions of Americans.   You would think, in that circumstance, those who have been most  determined to have the Affordable Care Act struck down--because they  have  [[Page S4961]]  had about 8 years now, give or take, to prepare something with which to  replace it--would have a replacement ready to go, maybe a replacement  enacted into law, but at least a replacement that is ready to go on day  one that would have all of the details worked out. This would not be  just any replacement--not just a replacement that has words like  ``preexisting conditions'' in the title of the bill--but something real  and substantial and credible on a complicated subject like healthcare,  meaning that the replacement would cover at least 20 million people,  would provide all of the protections for all of those Americans,  whether it is on protections against a preexisting condition or  otherwise, and would be comparable in its positive impact on Americans.  You would think this bill would be ready to go and ready to be enacted  into law, but that is not the case.   I shouldn't say I was surprised, but I was somewhat concerned when--I  guess it was last week, about a week ago--I picked up POLITICO and read  that a number of Republican Senators were expressing the hope that the  lawsuit would be successful, the hope that the Affordable Care Act  would be declared unconstitutional. Yet what I didn't see in that  article and didn't see in a lot of other places is a replacement that  will provide a comparable, if not identical, measure of protection.  That is what they told us all along--right?--that they have another  way to do it and that all of the American people are going to be better  off because of it. That is the basic promise that has been made by the  Republicans in the Senate and in the House over many years. So you  would think it would be ready, but it apparently is not ready.    I hope that maybe in the month of August, the plan will be developed  and be ready to go and not just any old plan that has a nice title on  it and a surge of protections that can't be brought to fruition--or  brought into effect--because, when you provide the kind of protections  the Affordable Care Act provides, you have to make the math work. You  have to make sure you can pay for it, and you have to make sure the  policy will support what you promise in the details of the legislation.   We will see what happens. If this lawsuit were to be affirmed at the  circuit court level, I am assuming there would be an appeal by one side  or the other. Yet, if we reach a point at which a court says the ACA is  unconstitutional, I hope there is going to be a replacement that will  provide all of the protections, all of the coverage, and all of the  essential elements that were in the Affordable Care Act but that they  will be done in a better way because that is what they have all  promised on the other side. I don't think it is likely to happen.  Something is going to give. Something will be cut. Something will be  taken away or a lot more than that.   By way of an example, I will use only one number for today--642,000.  I think it is 642,700. That is the estimate of the number of children  who live in Pennsylvania who have preexisting conditions. So any change  in law by way of a court--a Federal court or the Supreme Court or  otherwise--or any change in law pursuant to congressional action has to  make sure, among many things, that every one of those 642,700 children  in Pennsylvania has protections in place by law for preexisting  conditions in addition to covering all of the other adults across  Pennsylvania.   Basically, it is almost one out of every two Americans who has a  preexisting condition. That is the rough estimate. That is a lot of  people across the country. Some people believe, as well as there being  some credible, reliable estimates, that it is north of 130 million  Americans. So those are the only two numbers I will give.   The lawsuit is problematic. If that were all, that would be bad  enough, but there are two things that are problematic when it comes to  healthcare. One is that of the proposed cuts by the administration.  Now, I realize House Republicans and Senate Republicans may not agree  with the President's proposal, but he is in the same party, and his  Budget Director is in the same party, and the Congress of the United  States has to react to that budget proposal.   The administration proposed a 10-year Medicaid cut of $1.5 trillion,  and that is with a ``t''--trillion--not billion. The administration  proposed a $1.5 trillion cut to Medicaid. It proposed a similar cut-- or, I should say, a comparable cut but actually a lower number--to  Medicare over 10 years of $845 billion. You have to be able to say: OK,  if it is the case that there is a credible replacement that provides  the identical protections and coverage that the Affordable Care Act  provided, what would happen to healthcare if you were to cut Medicaid  by $1.5 trillion and Medicare by $845 billion?   You have to answer those questions if you are serious about  healthcare. Now, if you are just kind of moving things around and  having a talking point for a campaign, maybe that is different, but if  you are serious about healthcare and if you are serious about coverage  and if you are serious about there being an adverse impact on kids, on  people with disabilities, and on seniors, you can't cut Medicaid by  $1.5 trillion.   One way to describe Medicaid is in the nursing home program for the  middle class, in many instances. Medicaid is not a program for someone  distant out there who is not worthy of our support and our help.  Medicaid is about us. Medicaid is who we are because we decided more  than 50 years ago that we are the United States of America, and we are  the strongest country in the world for lots of reasons. Thank goodness  we have the strongest military, and thank goodness we have the  strongest economy. Yet we are also the greatest country in the world  because folks around the world have seen they can follow our example  once in a while. They saw more than 50 years ago that we said, if you  are a child in a low-income family or if you have a disability or if  you are a senior who is trying to get into a nursing home, Medicaid is  going to help you do that. We also passed Medicare at the same time.   So if you are serious about healthcare, you have to be really  concerned about these budget cut proposals by the administration.   The third and last topic on this is the efforts undertaken by the  administration, when in the midst of failing to repeal the Affordable  Care Act and, thereafter, the efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care  Act--and not in any way an overstatement--when you have an advertising  budget to let people know that they can go to the exchanges--not the  Medicaid expansion but the exchanges--to get healthcare coverage and to  get a subsidy to help them purchase healthcare--maybe for the first  time, millions of people got that opportunity, and millions still have  it--in order for folks to know about that, to know about their  eligibility, to know about the benefits of that, you have to advertise.  We know that. The administration cut the advertising budget by only 90  percent--not quite 100 but a 90-percent cut in the advertising budget.   There are also other ways they have undermined and sabotaged the  system. If you are concerned about healthcare, you have to be concerned  about that sabotage, you have to be concerned about Medicaid and  Medicare cuts, and you have to be concerned about this lawsuit.   We have a lot of work to do just to protect the gains--the coverage  gains and the protection gains--that have been hard won over many years  that benefit tens and tens of millions of Americans. I am not sure I  can put a total number on them. So I hope those who are rooting for  this lawsuit to be successful will have factored in all of that when  that day comes, if it were to come, to change healthcare radically and  dramatically for the American people.   I yield the floor.   