 Mr. Speaker, I support House Resolution 246, opposing the  anti-Semitic Global Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions--or BDS-- movement and all efforts to delegitimize the State of Israel.  [[Page H7188]]    It is important that we clearly state our opposition to the BDS  movement, as this non-binding resolution with 349 cosponsors before us  does. However, it is even more important that we take strong  legislative actions to defend Israel.   As hateful as this growing movement is, sadly, it is not new.   Over 40 years ago, the Arab League began its boycott of Israel. In  response to this boycott, Congress passed a law that makes it illegal  to participate in foreign boycotts of U.S. allies.   Today, the Global BDS movement seeks to pressure Israel by using  Israel's participation in the global economy, in academic exchanges,  and in cultural activities as leverage.   For example, the BDS movement tries to pressure recording artists  from performing in Israel.   It tries to keep students from studying abroad in Israel. It tries to  keep consumers from purchasing Israeli goods.   Not only is the BDS movement antithetical to the values of openness  and exchange shared by the United States, Israel, and free democracies  all over the world, it is antithetical to peace.   As threats to U.S. allies, including Israel, evolve over time, we  must update our policies to effectively stand with our partners. In  weakening Israel, the global BDS movement endangers the national  security of the United States.   I introduced a real legislative solution in January--H.R. 336, the  Strengthening America's Security in the Middle East Act. This bill has  direct policy implications by allowing state and local governments to  adopt laws to divest public funds from entities that boycott Israel.   Additionally, it would sanction the Assad regime and its backers for  their malign activities, and strengthen our support for Israel and  Jordan.   While I support today's resolution, I regret that we are not  considering H.R. 336 instead. The Senate companion to H.R. 336, S.1,  was the first bill the Senate considered this Congress, demonstrating  how urgent it was.   It passed with robust bipartisan support.   But, neither S.1, nor my House companion H. R. 336, have received  consideration in this body.   Standing up for Israel has never been a difficult decision for the  United States Congress.   It wasn't difficult for Senator Chuck Schumer when he voted in favor  of S.1, and it wasn't difficult for over half of the Democrats and  nearly all Republicans in the Senate when they too supported the bill.   Just as we passed the original anti-boycott act 40 years ago, we must  update our laws to protect our interests.   When foreign entities foster boycotts against Israel in the United  States, they are interfering in U.S. policy, and it is appropriate for  our government to respond.   We take a first step today by publicly acknowledging BDS is dangerous  and antiSemitic; but tomorrow we must take real actions--and advance  the real policies in my bill--to protect Israel and combat the BDS  movement.   I want to thank Mr. Schneider, Mr. Zeldin, Ms. Wagner, Mr. Nadler,  Chairman Engel and the Foreign Affairs Committee Membership for their  bipartisan work to counter this threat to our friend and ally Israel.   I sincerely hope all Members vote in favor of this resolution that  shows our solidarity with our friend and ally Israel, and hope we can  vote on my bill this week.   