 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, it is great to stand here today, and what a difference  a day makes. It is really good to see Members on both sides of the  aisle stand up and say: You know, we are really getting things done for  America.   I would like to say that this is a Christmas gift that is wrapped up  in paper that is red, white, and blue. It is a jobs bill: 176,000 jobs,  $68 billion in new revenue. And this was arrived at because, in 2016, a  candidate for the Presidency made the same commitment that everybody  who ever runs for the Presidency says: If I get elected, I am going to  make sure that we replace NAFTA with something that makes sense for  American workers.   Promise made, promise kept. The 45th President of the United States  has been on a tear improving this economy.   Now, having said all that--and I do have friends on both sides of the  aisle. I just think that sometimes when we are on the floor here, it is  impossible to show that.   There is a saying at Christmastime that says: Peace on Earth, and  good will to men.   That is not the saying. It is: Peace on Earth to men of goodwill.  That is a saying we need to take here.   One story I will share with you: As a child, I used to write a letter  to Santa Claus every Christmas, and I would tell him everything I  wanted. I would come down Christmas morning, and I never got everything  I wanted, but I was sure as heck thankful for everything I got.   This is a tremendous jobs bill for America. This is a tremendous  accomplishment. I can't imagine anybody not voting for this.   But I do want to take this opportunity to wish all of us a very Merry  Christmas, and all of the people back home.   For the staffs on both sides, I thank them for everything they did.   This is the way that America is supposed to work and should continue  to work as we end 2019 and go into 2020. It is a wonderful opportunity  to show America that, on the people's floor in the House of  Representatives, we can actually get things done.   