 Madam President, I rise today with mixed emotions. I rise  to recognize an incredible Georgian, a true statesman, a titan of the  United States Senate, and, maybe most important, a friend to me and  many people here in this town and back home in Georgia: Senator Johnny  Isakson.   Like everyone, I was surprised and saddened to hear of Johnny's  upcoming retirement. Since my very first day in the Senate walking  through this door back here to be sworn in with Johnny escorting me, I  have come to revere this guy. He has been a mentor that I have looked  up to. He has been a great leader for our State for many years. He has  been a reliable and effective colleague. Most of all, he has been a  friend whom I deeply cherish.   It will be hard to see him go, but the reality is he won't go. He  will still be involved here. I am sure I will get the phone calls about  when we might have disagreed on a vote or why didn't I think about  this. He has been a tremendous partner for me these last 4 years.   However, Johnny has left a profound legacy that is worth celebrating.  It is one that we should all strive to follow here in this body. He  epitomizes the best of this body, the United States Senate.   His legacy can be summed up in one word: service. No matter what he  does, Johnny puts other people before himself, and this has continued  since the first day I knew him back when he was running a real estate  company in Atlanta, GA. Johnny puts other people first before himself.  He doesn't do it for recognition or fame. Many times, he does it when  people don't even notice or know he did it. He does it because it is  the right thing to do.   He served his country as a member of the Georgia Air National Guard.  He served his community as a Sunday schoolteacher for 30 years. I have  done that, and I know that is a labor of love. That takes a lot of  work.   He served the people of Georgia in the statehouse and the State  senate and later in both houses of the U.S. Congress. In fact, he is  the only Georgian to ever have done that. No matter what role Johnny  has been in, he is always focused on helping others.   His dedication to service is even more impressive because it has  produced incredible results for our country. This town has a lot of  activity, but it is short on results. Johnny knew the difference. For  example, one of Johnny's top priorities in Congress had been to take  care of our country's veterans. Georgia is home to over 700,000  veterans today. As a veteran himself, Johnny treats each one of them as  his own sister or brother. When Johnny saw the shameful conditions and  mismanagement happening at the VA, he immediately sprang into action.   Fixing the VA seemed impossible, but no challenge was too large for  Johnny Isakson. Thanks to him, as chairman of the Senate Veterans  Administration Committee, we have made incredible progress on this and  many  [[Page S5509]]  other fronts relating to the VA. His efforts, such as the VA MISSION  Act, have helped bring accountability, efficiency, and trust back to  the department.   As the junior Senator from Georgia, I have had the great pleasure of  working directly with Johnny on a number of other issues affecting our  State. Each time, I saw firsthand how effective Johnny Isakson really  is. I have likened him to the Howard Baker of our era. He speaks  softly, but when he speaks, people listen.   Working with Johnny, we broke the politic logjam to provide much- needed disaster relief for farmers in south Georgia just this year. We  secured funding for the deepening of the Port of Savannah after 20  years of trying to get that port deepened just 5 feet. We solved the  tax problem under his leadership for Plant Vogtle, which secured  funding for the first two nuclear reactors built in this country in the  last 30 years, and he helped pass the First Step Act, which makes our  justice system fairer, while still deterring criminal behavior.   These achievements would not have been possible without Johnny's  steady hand and his leadership. When he speaks, people listen. He gets  the job done. He understands what priority means; yet Johnny isn't the  kind of leader who gives orders and makes demands. He is someone who  leads from a place of respect, compromise, and understanding with both  sides of the aisle. With Johnny, it doesn't matter who you are or what  party you are in or where you are from. He is always there to talk and  always ready to listen.   Johnny Isakson is exactly the kind of servant leader that the  Founding Mothers and Founding Fathers envisioned for our country. It is  what makes him a true statesman, and it is a model I am sure our  Founding Mothers and Founding Fathers would indeed be very proud of  today.   Of course, the road has not always been easy for Johnny--not every  battle has been won, not all news has been good. What I have always  admired about Johnny, though, is his stalwart resilience. Whenever  circumstances have tried to knock him down, he always gets back up with  a smile, and he keeps serving others. You know you feel guilty when you  are around Johnny Isakson when you are having a bad day and Johnny  says: How are you doing? You better say great because he is going to  give you that same answer.   As he and Dianne head into this next chapter of their life, I have no  doubt that Johnny will continue to serve others and help make our world  a better place because that is exactly who he is.   Scripture tells us in Matthew 23 that ``The greatest among you will  be a servant.'' When you consider all that Johnny has done, it is clear  to me that Johnny Isakson truly is the greatest among us.   I yield the floor.   