 Mr. Chair, I rise out of concern for violence that has  been done against women.   As someone who has prosecuted such things and has sentenced many men  to prison for such things, I want to be part of the solution toward  mitigating and stopping the violence against women, but I can't vote  for this bill in its current form when politics, as my friends have  said, have been played with it here, because I have heard the  [[Page H3008]]  testimony repeatedly, as a judge, from experts.   I have read the studies. The literature, psychiatric literature,  indicates that the studies show that women who have been through sexual  assault are more likely to experience post-traumatic stress disorder  than even soldiers, on a percentage basis.   One of the things that can trigger the trauma coming back is a man  coming into a confined space like a restroom, like a dressing room,  like a battered women's shelter, and they are living it again.   Why would we do that? Why would we have a bill that forces that kind  of trauma back on women who have been through enough?   This bill, in the name of equality, says women are not going to be  able to have a safe place from biological men. No. We are going to  force them, and under this bill, there will be lawsuits. A homeless  shelter, a shelter for battered women, and it is shocking how much of  this still goes on, but they will be subject to lawsuits if this bill  becomes law.   You will have people, the government with all its power, forcing  shelters for battered women to accept biological men, no matter how  traumatic it is for the women who have suffered domestic abuse from  men, sexual assault from men.   For heaven's sake, can't we compromise in the name of really helping  women?   I understand the concern from my colleagues across the aisle is that  we don't want to hurt the feelings of someone who is biologically a man  who thinks they are a woman. We don't want to hurt their feelings;  therefore, it is worth the risk of all the trauma that will be relived  by women by forcing men into those confined situations. There are other  alternatives instead of making women suffer more than they already  have.   This Violence Against Women Act, the way it is currently written in  its current form, will do additional violence to women. It is something  that I just can't support.   Mr. Chair, I wish my friends would worry about the concerns for men  who think they are women and suffering from gender dysphoria in some  other bill. Let's use this one to protect women.   