 Madam President, a couple of weeks ago, I had the  privilege to stand at Iron Horse Industrial Park. It is a brand-new  industrial park just outside of Shawnee, OK. It is run by the Citizen  Potawatomi Nation, and for almost 10 years, they have had the dream of  opening up a location in Oklahoma, where there could be foreign trade;  different countries could come in to do manufacturing there, and they  would be able to work through raw materials and products and sales. It  has been a remarkable dream for them.   I stood on a platform with the leadership of the Citizen Potawatomi  Nation, members of the Shawnee community, sitting right next to folks  from the Canadian Consulate and a Canadian business owner who is  opening up a manufacturing plant in just a couple of months, right  there on that spot, to be the first company in that location to start  doing international trade in that part of Oklahoma.   That location of Pro-Pipe will start manufacturing pipe that they  will send all over the place. It is a Canadian company, but it will  have about 40 or 45 jobs that are Oklahoma jobs that are there.   Now, why do I mention that? I mention that because it was a  reminder--again, as I sat on that platform next to Canadians, the  Japanese delegation that was there, the Taiwanese delegation that was  there, and others from multiple other countries--about how integrated  we really are.   If I took you to Shawnee, OK, there are some great people--and it is  a fantastic community--the first thing you would think of probably  wouldn't be international trade, but it should be now.   In Oklahoma, our top two trading partners are Canada and Mexico. We  have an overwhelming amount of trade just with those two countries. In  fact, we exported $2.4 billion worth of goods just to Canada and Mexico  last year.   We are a very connected economy, and working through the trade issues  is incredibly important to us. That is why this new trade agreement  that replaces NAFTA, which is now decades old and needs a revision, is  so important, because our Oklahoma economy depends a lot on how we  trade. A lot of  [[Page S6231]]  our jobs are connected through agriculture, manufacturing, digital  sales, other financial services that are connected through trade to  Canada and Mexico. They cooperate with us; we cooperate with them.   So a new trade agreement started in the negotiation process. It  started in August of 2017. The Trump administration, the administration  in Mexico and in Canada all sat down and decided to reopen NAFTA after  the Trump administration put tremendous pressure on Canada and Mexico  to update this agreement.   Initially, everyone said they didn't want to change a thing, and from  August 2017 until September of 2018, our three countries negotiated a  new trade agreement that all three countries now have come back in  their leadership and said: That is a better deal than what NAFTA was.  That works better for everyone. It provides new elements on things like  digital trade that wasn't an issue in the 1990s. E-commerce wasn't a  thing at the time; now, it is. So there are digital trade updates.   There are also areas about innovation and intellectual property that  help protect inventors in all three countries to protect what they have  invented and to make sure the benefits come back to those inventors and  back to those countries.   There are also new protections for labor. There have been  longstanding issues in labor practices in Mexico. This addresses some  of those things and some basic human rights elements for Mexico.   It also adds new environmental requirements so that we would take on  as a whole of North America in the way we do manufacturing, the way we  do fishing, the way that we handle marine litter, the way that we  handle sustainable forest management, all of those things would be  addressed in this trade agreement.   It is a very comprehensive agreement--the USMCA agreement--and it is  very important that we actually get it passed. I hope you didn't miss  the timeline that I laid out. The negotiation started in August of  2017. The negotiation finished in September of 2018. Since October of  2018, that agreement has been waiting on a vote in the House of  Representatives.   Mexico has already long since passed it. They have not only passed  the agreement, they have passed the laws doing the implementing  language. They have long since passed it. Everyone is waiting for the  United States to pass this trade agreement that will help us in labor  issues, help us in manufacturing, help us in ag exports, help us in our  digital trade, help us in environmental policy. We are all waiting on  the House of Representatives to take it up.   We are now past a year that the House has had this. It has to start,  constitutionally, in the House, and I cannot say strongly enough how  important this is to be able to maintain our momentum in trade with  Canada and Mexico that we should not have to wait.   Now, some in the House say this is about not giving President Trump a  win, so they don't want to vote on it because it will give President  Trump a win. This is not about the President of a country. In fact,  Mexico has already changed Presidents since the time of this agreement.  This is about giving the American people a win. This is, quite frankly,  to be selfish, about the people of Oklahoma getting a win. It is  additional jobs, it is additional protections, it is additional  opportunities to do investment that we would like to be able to see for  my State and for the people of my State, so I can't encourage enough  the House to take this up.   I do want to also compliment the administration for taking this  agreement on. Three years ago, no one thought this agreement could be  done nor should be done, and now, when it is in the process of being  finalized, everyone seems to be nodding their head, saying: That is  better. Let's keep going.   The administration has also recently struck a deal with Japan. Japan  is a trade partner already, just like Canada and Mexico, but we have  had some problems with Japan. The United States exported $14 billion in  food and agricultural products to Japan just in 2018--$14 billion. But  out of that $14 billion, right at half, $7.2 billion of those had a  need to address some of the issues about tariffs and about some  additional protections. So this new trade agreement that the  administration just struck with Japan is exceptionally helpful to us.  It takes out half of the tariffs--either reduces them or eliminates  them entirely--of our ag trade back and forth with Japan.   Why is that a big deal for Oklahoma? You may say Oklahoma is a long  way from Japan. It is, except we ship a lot of beef that way, and we  could ship a lot more.   This agreement specifically deals with things like beef, pork,  poultry, sorghum, wheat. Those are products that are all coming right  out of my State, and it is exceptionally important that this agreement  has been done.   Now, this agreement doesn't have to come through Congress. It is an  executive agreement. It is not like the USMCA. It is done. So we have  already seen a gain in Oklahoma based on that trade agreement in Japan.  The encouragement I can make to the administration is: Keep doing this.   We have further negotiations we need to have completed in the  Pacific. While they have done step one with Japan, there is more to be  done with Japan on lowering other tariffs, but we would also like to  see a trade agreement with New Zealand. We would also like to see a  trade agreement with other partners in the Pacific where we still need  trade deals done. Keep going, and keep expanding markets.   The big issue right now is with China. Our trade issues with China  have been significant. They have been significant for decades. The last  five Presidents have all tried to deal with some of the problems with  China and trade, their theft of intellectual property, their violations  of basic dignity for their workers. The environmental policies they  have in China has been deplorable.   We should address the issues of trade with China, and we should  address how we can further not only cooperate but deal with some of the  inequities of workers and deal with some of the inequities of  environmental policy and certainly deal with the theft of intellectual  property.   As China is one of the worst human rights violators in the world, in  our trade negotiations, we should talk about things like free press,  freedom of religion, and opportunities for the Uighurs, who are  literally bound up in concentration camps being reeducated to be more  Chinese rather than being able to live out their faith as Muslims there  in China.   There are many issues we need to deal with that go beyond just  dollars. It is how we actually interact with each other. So for the  administration, as they are finalizing the final moments of how they  are going to deal with a trade deal with China, I continue to encourage  them to keep doing the work. The last five Presidents have all tried to  resolve issues with China.   Keep going. We have to be able to get this done, but hold China to  account on human rights issues, while we are also dealing with economic  issues. This is our moment to address those critical needs.   With that, I yield the floor.   