 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding  and giving me the opportunity to speak about this very important topic  impacting our State and our constituents.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to strongly urge House and, particularly,  Senate leadership to stop turning their backs on hurricane survivors in  my home State of Florida and pass a disaster supplemental bill before  Congress leaves for the next 2 weeks.   Last October, Hurricane Michael ravaged our State, hitting the  panhandle with speeds of up to 155 miles an hour and killing 49 people.  Six months later--6 months later--families, farmers, and businesses are  still waiting for the assistance that they deserve.  [[Page H3190]]    Families lost homes, precious belongings, things that can never be  replaced.   Florida's timber industry was decimated. The total timber damage is  an estimated 2.8 million acres of timber that is now lying rotting on  the ground--2.8 million acres.   This is, unquestionably, one of the worst storms to hit Florida in  our long history.   But not only are Florida agriculture and other industries desperately  awaiting our help, our national security is also being impacted.  Tyndall Air Force Base, one of the Nation's premier military  installations, was completely demolished by this storm.   Since Congress has not passed emergency funding, the Air Force has  been forced to move money from other accounts to help pay for the  recovery. The Air Force is now facing even tougher choices, like  limiting flying time and construction projects from other  installations.   Madam Speaker, this is simply unacceptable. Maybe if the Senate  Democrats would spend less time focused on running for President and  more time doing the job that they were elected to do, folks back home  would already have the disaster relief that they are due.   I voted, along with my House colleagues, to pass a supplemental back  in December. In December, we passed that. The Senate Democrats have  just obstructed that effort.   Entire small communities that were wiped away still have no  assistance coming from the Federal Government. I hope the hardworking  taxpayers of Florida remember this lack of concern when they go to the  polls in 2020.   Our Senate is broken by a 60-vote cloture rule that has to be  removed, and I hope the folks back home will remember this in November  of 2020.   