 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  legislation, which will, among other things, help us address the  epidemic of veteran homelessness. It is simply unacceptable that many  of the men and women who have served this great country are now living  on our streets.   I am grateful to my friend, Ranking Member Gus Bilirakis from  Florida. We have now had two field hearings in his district, the 12th  Congressional District of Florida, and my district, the 49th  Congressional District of California. We are absolutely committed to  doing everything we can to address this issue in our communities and in  all communities around the country.   We owe it to those who have served and their families to ensure that  they have everything they need to get back on their feet, including  case management; assistance in obtaining VA benefits; and temporary  financial assistance with rent, utilities, or childcare expenses.   I was proud to introduce bipartisan legislation to help address  homelessness, specifically among women veterans, by reauthorizing  funding for the Supportive Services for Veteran Families grant program  and requiring that at least $20 million goes to organizations that have  a focus on helping women veterans and their families.   What we are seeing in our subcommittee is that the rate of veterans'  homelessness is roughly steady, but alarmingly, women veterans'  homelessness is increasing. We have to do something about it.   The legislation before us today will provide the reauthorization that  we need before the end of the fiscal year on September 30.   I have said it before, and I will say it again: Even one homeless  veteran is one too many. We have a moral obligation to make robust  Federal investments in programs to help get veterans off the streets.   By passing this legislation, we can make those investments, and we  can do more than just pay lip service to our veterans. We can give them  the support and resources they have earned and deserve.   I give credit to my friends, Chairman Takano and Ranking Member Roe.  They are doing a fantastic job helping our veterans and trying to give  back in any way we can to those who have served our country, those who  have given so much. It is my great honor to serve with them on the  House Veterans' Affairs Committee.   