 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been almost a year since I was sworn  in. I thought it was a good time to kind of reminisce a little bit  about the first year of being a U.S. Senator from Indiana. I want to  cite that, when you come from a place like Indiana, it is where America  really works. Think about it. We still believe in balanced budgets. We  have rainy day funds. We take on big issues and talk about how we are  going to pay for it, not borrow the money, throw it on the backs of our  kids and grandkids.   So, in being here now nearly a year, I want to reminisce back to what  motivated me to stick my neck out and do it in the first place. I saw  in November of 2016 that it looked like we might have a different  dynamic here in our U.S. Government. I look back and see, in December  of 2017, a Main Street entrepreneur, someone who has always lived by  those rules of stick your neck out, take a risk. You don't really  exceed mediocrity unless you do things that push the envelope a little  bit now and then, but do it in the context of where it is sustainable.   I noticed, in December of 2017, we finally got some legislation  across the finish line that rewards enterprisers, rewards Main Street  USA. That was in the Tax Cut and Jobs Act passed then. I did not know  how it was going to unfold. Of course, even our CBO said it was going  to end up costing the government, not rewarding it through more  enterprise, greater revenues. Well, we have now got some evidence from  it. We have got the hottest economy that we have had in modern history,  and, yes, we are raising record revenues, despite having lower tax  rates.   Well, that sounds like the math wouldn't work out. Well, there is a  point, especially in small business on Main Street, that you will not  keep enterprising, you will not work hard if you end up having to send  too much to a place like this that over the years did not, to me, look  like it was delivering good value. So we have been vindicated; it is  working.   