 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my  colleague for yielding me a few minutes here to talk about the energy  dominance in our country, and tonight we are celebrating American  excellence and innovation in a field absolutely essential to the future  of our country: energy.   There is a lot to be debated and argued on, but the crux of the  matter is that energy independence--better yet, energy dominance--is  the only pathway to a stable, fruitful, successful American economy.   We use energy every day. We power our homes, our offices, our cars,  our phones, and our devices. All of this uses energy in a different  way. Since energy is such a pervasive need in our society, it should be  a top priority in Congress.   Completely cutting our energy sources like clean coal, which we have  relied on for centuries, is simply not the answer. Making drastic,  astronomical changes to our economy and way of life are simply not  feasible, let alone rational.   My district is home to the oil and gas sector. One in five jobs in  Oklahoma are supported by the oil and natural gas industry. Every new  direct oil and gas job supports more than two additional jobs  statewide. The average Oklahoma oil and natural gas worker makes more  than $94,000 per year.   Not only is Oklahoma's energy sector a major job creator and economic  stimulator, but it is also a nationwide leader in oil production and  innovation in the industry.   In 2017, Oklahoma was the Nation's sixth largest crude oil producing  State. As of last year, we had five operable petroleum refineries with  a combined daily processing capacity of over half a million barrels per  day, accounting for almost 3 percent of the U.S. total. More than a  dozen of the country's 100 largest gas fields are located in Oklahoma.   These are things to be celebrated, not criticized. If you were to  listen to some of our colleagues across the aisle, you would think oil  and gas are the enemy. That is not the case at all. Oil and gas are the  foundation to build on.   Renewable energy like wind and solar are great, and I agree that we  need to continue investing in them and researching how to improve them,  but they are not a replacement for oil and gas. The future of energy in  our country is dependent on an all-of-the-above approach. All of these  energy sources can and should work together to make America successful  and energy dominant on the world stage.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on HEAT this year to  find out energy solutions that play to our country's strengths as well  as incorporate the innovation that new technologies provide.   