 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my bipartisan amendment cracks  down on foreign influence in our elections.   I would like to begin by thanking my friend and coauthor of this  amendment, Ranking Member McCaul, with whom I have the great privilege  of serving on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, as well as my  colleagues cosponsoring this amendment, especially Representatives  Rouda, Slotkin, and Speier.   I also thank Chairwoman Lofgren for her inspiring leadership and for  working with me on this provision.   I came to Congress to strengthen our democracy, and that is the  fundamental purpose of this truly bipartisan amendment that I am  proposing today.   Current campaign finance laws prohibit foreign nationals from making  campaign contributions or conducting political activity. But because of  a loophole, there is no law specifically preventing foreign nationals  from setting up a shell corporation or company to hide illegal  political activity.   Our bipartisan amendment will nail that loophole shut by prohibiting  foreign nationals from funneling money through shell companies to  engage in political activity in America.   We must keep our democratic process safe from all bad actors,  including foreign actors, and strengthen the integrity of our  elections. That is what this amendment does.   Specifically, this amendment will make it a felony for an owner,  officer, attorney, or incorporated agent of a corporation, company, or  other entity to establish or use the corporation, company, or other  entity with the intent to conceal the political activities of foreign  actors.   Put simply, passing our amendment will ensure serious consequences  for anyone who starts or operates a shell company, or anyone who helps  start or operate a shell company, for the purpose of concealing  political activities of bad foreign actors.   I am proud to partner with the gentleman from Texas in proposing this  bipartisan amendment to defend our elections against foreign  interference. Our elections are a sacred cornerstone of our democracy,  and we must do everything in our power to protect them.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   I am particularly pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Rouda), my good friend.    Madam Chair, I will close by thanking the  gentleman from Illinois for his kinds words on this. We really have  worked hard as a team. It is a truly bipartisan effort.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   