 Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to offer  an amendment about the opioid addiction crisis that is devastating our  Nation.   The origins of this epidemic are no doubt complicated, but there is a  simple fact within this complicated problem; that is, the introduction  of the synthetic opioid fentanyl has made this the deadliest drug  epidemic in American history.   Fentanyl is 30 to 50 times more powerful than heroin, which is  obviously lethal. Just 2 milligrams of this substance--that is  equivalent to a few grains of salt--is enough to kill most people. This  synthetic opioid has contributed to or caused 30,000 of the 50,000  opioid overdose deaths in the United States since 2017, and it is  killing Pennsylvanians at an even higher percentage.   As is the case with most illicit drugs, the vast majority of this is  not actually coming from within the borders of the United States; the  vast majority originates outside our borders. So cooperation with the  governments of other countries is essential if we are going to make  progress in ending this scourge.   There are some countries that are extremely helpful. Canada and  Mexico are, unfortunately, important transit points for drugs into the  United States. Their governments work closely with ours and, I think it  is fair to say, are doing all they reasonably can and continue to  strive to do more to end this devastating influx. But fentanyl is  particularly difficult because such tiny quantities are so lethal, and  the fact is that not all foreign governments are as cooperative as they  could be and they should be.   It is well known that the primary source of the fentanyl that is on  the streets in Pennsylvania and across America--the source is  ultimately China. China has been cooperating in some important ways.  China shares advance electronic data on mail parcels, and that is  helpful. As of May 1 of this year--a few weeks ago--China agreed to  schedule fentanyl as a class that is prohibited in China, and that  forgoes the need to schedule every conceivable variant of the chemical.  That is a good development. But we can't be sure that China is going to  follow through on its commitment--the one I just mentioned is very  recent--and they still don't do all they should on pill presses. They  also have a history of breaking agreements with the United States.   Maybe even more importantly, we don't know what other countries might  decide to tolerate fentanyl production within their borders and look  the other way when it arrives in the United States.   Simply, there have to be consequences for countries that knowingly  allow the production of fentanyl in their own land, to then be exported  to the United States, and that do not--I am referring to the  governments--cooperate with us as fully as they could and should be.   That brings me to the bill I introduced. It is called the Blocking  Deadly Fentanyl Imports Act. It is a bipartisan bill that I introduced  with Doug Jones. I want to offer that as an amendment, to get a vote on  this bill we are considering right now.   I should point out that since 1983, Congress has utilized the Foreign  Assistance Act as a way to deal with this kind of problem.  Specifically, this legislation--the Foreign Assistance Act, the  existing law--forbids certain categories of U.S. foreign aid from going  to countries that don't assist us sufficiently in our effort to control  illicit substances.   There is a finite number of illicit drugs that are on the list. They  include heroin, marijuana, cocaine, and methamphetamine and its  precursor chemicals. Congress has periodically updated the list and  expanded the list as times have changed. In 2005, the House and Senate  voted to add methamphetamine and its precursors. Senator Jones and I  and a number of our colleagues believe it is past time that we add  fentanyl to this list, especially since it is arguably the most lethal  drug in the world today.   Our bill would do a couple of things. It would add fentanyl to this  list on the Foreign Assistance Act, the illicit substance list. That  would then require the State Department to identify those countries--at  the moment, China--that are the most significant sources of illicit  fentanyl and fentanyl analogues.   Then we would toughen the requirements in determining whether or not  another country is, in fact, sufficiently cooperating with the United  States. We only toughen the requirements for those countries that are  found to be significant sources of fentanyl, not the other drugs  already on the list but those countries determined by our State  Department to be significant sources of fentanyl. For that small set of  countries, if the President finds that one or more of the following  three criteria are not being met, then, those countries would face the  risk of having these forms of financial aid withheld.   These are the three criteria we want them to meet: No. 1, whether  they have in fact scheduled fentanyl and analogues as a controlled  substance in their country; No. 2, whether steps are being taken to  actually prosecute people who are illegally trafficking in fentanyl;  and the final criteria we would add is whether or not they require the  registration of pill presses, because we know that unregulated pill  presses have been found to be used for production of counterfeit pills  that actually contain fentanyl.   That is the criteria that would get a country crosswise with us as a  consequence of this legislation. What would the consequences be? The  legislation contemplates that if a country is not doing enough with  respect to the existing list of illicit narcotics, then, they would  stand to lose various forms of foreign aid from the United States,  specifically, economic development grants, development finance aid,  health aid, agricultural aid, and military aid.   It is important to note there are other categories of aid that we  provide to foreign countries and more precisely to entities within  those countries that would not be affected by this. They are not  affected under current law, and they would not be affected under our  bill--aid such as products-related assistance, disaster relief, food  aid, medical aid, and aid to refugees. Existing law doesn't interrupt  those forms of aid even with bad-acting governments, and our bill  wouldn't either. In addition, even the categories of foreign aid that  could be shut off and that would be shut off are subject to a  Presidential waiver. If, for whatever reason, the President believes it  is more important that we continue even those forms of aid, then, under  our amendment, the President could do so.   Again, to just sum up, the simple thing here is that a country that  knowingly tolerates the production and export of fentanyl and is not as  cooperative with our government as they could be in stopping it  shouldn't be getting all kinds of U.S. foreign aid. That is all.   That is what our amendment would do. The majority on the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee supports this. The State Department made  some suggestions that we accepted. Some of the suggestions included  that we drop the reference to precursor chemicals because that might  capture too many countries that shouldn't be captured because they are  not the precursor chemicals used for the purpose of producing illicit  fentanyl. We acknowledged that, and we changed it.   I would again stress that the waivers are available to the President  in the event the country ought to get those waivers.   So let me remind my colleagues that this is the worst drug crisis in  American history. Fentanyl is at the heart of it. We should hold  accountable countries that are not doing enough to stop this poison  from leaving their country and coming into ours.   I am not asking for passage here and now, but I am asking for a vote.  Let's have an up-or-down vote. I would be happy to set the vote at a  60-vote threshold. Let's send a message to any country in the world  that there will be consequences for them if they choose to go down this  road.   With that, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to set aside  amendment No. 862 and call up my amendment No. 900.  [[Page S4553]]     Mr. President, very briefly, I hope the Senator from New  Jersey will continue to engage with us. There is a possibility that we  are not as far apart as it may appear.   Let me be very clear. It is an absolute fact that every country in  the world would not be affected by this legislation at all. Whoever at  the State Department suggested that chose not to read the language or  chose not to understand it. Our legislation would affect a very narrow  category of countries that are determined by our State Department to be  major sources of fentanyl. At the moment, there is a grand total of one  that I am aware of that would qualify for that designation. Nothing  else flows from this. There are no consequences unless you first meet  that criteria. So that alone makes it obvious that it couldn't possibly  apply to every country in the world.   I would also underscore the categories of aid that would be subject  to being withheld in the event that a country is, in fact, a source of  fentanyl and is not cooperating with us--our economic development  grants, development finance aid, health aid, agricultural aid and  military aid are all forms of aid that I think are entirely reasonable  to withhold. The categories that I think the Senator from New Jersey is  concerned about we exclude from the risk of being withheld, because I  acknowledged the Senator's point. There are categories of foreign aid  that don't go to foreign governments. They go to NGOs. They go to folks  on the ground who are actually advancing a cause we believe in. For  instance, there is the democracy development fund. We wouldn't affect  that even if a country is a major source of illicit fentanyl and not  cooperating with us fully. We recognize that this category of funding  doesn't help that government. It helps us with the hope that we could  change that government. I am not convinced that we are as far apart as  it may appear to be.   I would remind everyone that I am only seeking a vote. I am not  asking for unanimous consent for the amendment itself. I hope we can  get back to the business of actually debating substance and voting in  this body. Sometimes the minority leader has suggested that we have  become a graveyard of legislation. Well, I am just proposing that we  have a debate and have a vote. I hope we can get to that.   