 Madam Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of H.R.  1865, in particular, division E, the fiscal year 2020 Legislative  Branch appropriations.   My thanks go to full committee Chairwoman Lowey and her ranking  member, Kay Granger, for putting this entire bill together, not just  this subcommittee. This has been an amazing process. I want to thank my  minority counterpart, Representative Herrera Beutler, and all who have  guided and supported this bill through.   I am pleased to announce there is a $213 million increase to the  Legislative Branch appropriations bill, 4.4 percent above fiscal year  2019. This bill gives Members and committees the funding needed to  improve their constituent services and legislative oversight  responsibilities.   With this bill, we have been able to increase our Members'  representational allowance, support committee budgets, and restore  funding shortfalls in the account that pays House health and retirement  benefits.   The bill will allow an increase in intern allowances, from $20,000 to  $25,000 per Member office, so that a more diverse group can apply  without worrying about the financial burden of working for free.   The bill continues to fund the Wounded Warrior Program, as well as  the new congressional Gold Star Family Fellowship Program.   We have provided first-year funding for both the Office of Diversity  and Inclusion and the Office of the Whistleblower Ombudsman so that  Congress has the tools to encourage greater staff diversity and to  effectively handle whistleblower complaints.   It also includes sufficient funding to extend the Select Committee on  the Modernization of Congress.   The bill increases funding for our important support and oversight  agencies: the CBO, the GAO, the GPO, and the Capitol Police.   Members will be pleased to learn that our bill provides another $10  million for the Library of Congress visitor experience, for a project  total of $20 million.   I am pleased that the bill includes a provision that permits an  increase in the pay levels of senior congressional staff.   I would also like to just make a comment or two on the broader bill.  I think Speaker Pelosi said this earlier in the day, and I know  Chairwoman Lowey said it earlier in the day and in the last few days.   This appropriations bill, while it lacks things like the Butch Lewis  Act, where we need to take care of pensions for some of our workers out  in the country, this bill is about the future.   There are investments in here in social and emotional learning,  healthy food, the Department of Energy, and creating an energy  incubator fund so that we can win the economy in the future around new  forms of energy.   This bill has money in it for new auto companies, $5 million for the  Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing loan program, which will  allow facilities like the one in Lordstown, Ohio, to refurbish itself  to move into the future.   This is a good bill, and I encourage people to vote for this bill.  This bill will help America win the future.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 1865--in  particular, Division E, Fiscal Year 2020 Legislative Branch  Appropriations. My thanks to full Committee Chairwoman Lowey, her  ranking Member Kay Granger, and my minority counterpart Rep. Herrera  Beutler. They have all guided and supported me in my first year taking  the helm of the Legislative Branch appropriations subcommittee. I'd  also like to give a nod to our staff on both sides for their hard  work--Faye Cobb, Sue Quantius, and Jenny Holmes.   I'm pleased that we have the resources to start on the path to  strengthening Congressional operations. Funding in the bill totals  $5.049 billion--$213 million or 4.4 percent above fiscal year 2019. The  bill gives Members and Committees the funding needed to improve their  constituent services and legislative oversight responsibilities.   With this bill, we have been able to increase the Members  Representational Allowance, support Committee budgets, and restore  funding shortfalls in the account that pays House health and retirement  benefits. Intern allowances will increase from $20,000 to $25,000 per  Member office so that a more diverse group can apply without worrying  about the financial burden of working for free. The bill continues to  fund the Wounded Warrior Program as well as the new Congressional Gold  Star Family Fellowship Program, which was established this fall.   We have provided first-year funding for both the Office of Diversity  and Inclusion and the Office of Whistleblower Ombudsman so that  Congress has the tools to encourage greater staff diversity and to  effectively handle whistleblower complaints. The bill also includes  sufficient funding to extend the Select Committee on the Modernization  of Congress. We look forward to the implementation of their  recommendations.   The bill increases funding for our important support and oversight  agencies--CBO, GAO, GPO and the Capitol Police.   Members will be pleased to learn that our bill provides another $10  million for the Library of Congress Visitors Experience project for a  total of $20 million provided to date. Once developed, the project will  result in better displays of many of the treasures in the Library's  [[Page H10593]]  collection, clearer communication of the Library's mission, and more  activities targeted to children and youth.   Finally, I'm pleased that the bill includes a provision that permits  an increase in the pay levels of senior congressional staff. We will be  able to slightly increase the salaries of our most experienced, senior  staff. A higher rate will make the House more competitive to recruit  highly skilled employees.   Our bill begins the journey to making Congress more effective. I hope  you will join me in voting for HR. 1865.   Before concluding, I would like to acknowledge with regret the  retirement of David Reich, the staff director of the Appropriations  Legislative Branch subcommittee.   David has a storied history in the budget and appropriations world,  having served here for decades and for two masters of that trade--Rep.  Martin Sabo and Rep. David Obey. He headed the staff of multiple  appropriations subcommittees--Labor, HHS; Financial Services; and Leg  Branch. He also kept a steady hand on the rudder in the full committee  as committee counsel. In what could be partisan posts, David has won  praise and admiration from both sides of the aisle.   Besides being skilled in parliamentary and committee procedure,  generous, patient, and self-effacing to a fault, David was always known  for having the quick yet correct answer to any complex or arcane budget  question thrown his way. David retired from Appropriations once, but  was persuaded to return to be Chairwoman Lowey's staff for the Joint  Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform. Following  that endeavor, he agreed to stay on for a time to be sure that my  subcommittee got off to a steady start.   We knew we were on borrowed time with him and that he was anxious to  get back to his outside pursuits. David left in August and we are truly  sorry to have lost him. Our best regards to him and his family as he  continues his post-congressional life.   