 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Fairness for  High-Skilled Immigrants Act, an important and bipartisan piece of  legislation on which I have been a proud sponsor and on which I have  been proud to work with Senator Harris to bring this bill to fruition.   It has been many years in the making, and I am pleased to stand  behind this legislation and to push it forward. There is no question  that immigration is one of the most important and also politically  fraught and politically charged issues in front of Congress right now.  More often than not, we can't even seem to agree on what the problems  in our immigration system are, let alone come to an agreement about how  best to solve them.   That makes it all the more important for us at least to come together  to get something done in those areas where we can find common ground  and do so across party lines on issues that are neither Republican or  Democratic, neither liberal or conservative, but that are simply  American issues that are central to who we are.   We are great as a country not because of who we are but because of  what we do, because of the fact that we choose freedom, we choose to be  welcoming, and we choose to be that shining city on the hill, where  anyone can come into this country, be born or immigrate into this  country as a poor person, and hope and have the reasonable expectation  that one day, if they work hard and play by the rules, they might have  the opportunity to retire comfortably, in some cases wealthy.    We have to find common ground in these areas. The Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act is an important point of common ground.   Employment-based immigration visas--the one significant area of our  immigration system based on skills and based on merit--are currently  issued in accordance with rigid, arbitrary, antiquated, and outdated  per-country quotas. This means that in a given year, immigrants from  any one given country cannot, in most cases, be given more than 7  percent of the total number of visas allocated. As a result of this,  immigrants from nations with large populations have significantly  longer wait times to get a green card than do immigrants from smaller  countries. In some cases, they could be stuck in a backlog of green  card petitions for decades.   This makes no sense. This is arbitrary. It is capricious. It is  unfair. It is un-American. It is not what we do. This is one of the  many features of our Buddy Holly/Elvis Presley-era immigration code  that are outdated and that need to be cast into the dustbin of history.  These per-country visa caps cause serious problems for good people, for  American businesses and American workers alike, and they cause unfair,  undue, and immense hardship for the immigrants who happen to be  unfortunate enough to be stuck in that very backlog.   While employment-based green cards are supposed to go to immigrants  with high skills who will help grow the American economy, the per- country caps distort this system by causing some immigrants to wait  years before receiving a green card for a reason that may be totally  unrelated and generally is completely detached from their  qualifications. This undermines our ability to bring the best and the  brightest individuals to our country. It is to our harm, and it is to  our own shame.   Further, the per-country caps force the immigrants that are stuck in  this backlog--95 percent of whom are already inside the United States-- to make the difficult choice between, on the one hand, staying in  America and waiting decades for a green card, or on the other hand,  leaving and taking their talents to a country that provides a fairer  process for allocating legal immigrant status as a worker.   Worse still, because individuals in the green card backlog can only  sponsor temporary visas for their children while these children are  younger than 21, the per-country caps force families to choose between  separating and sending their children back to their country of origin  as they age out of their visas while their parents keep waiting in the  United States for their own opportunity to receive a green card or  giving up entirely on their dreams of becoming lawful permanent  residents within the United States of America. In many cases, these are  children who legally immigrated with their parents and did so at an  early age and who have come to call America their home, adopting our  customs, our language, our ways of life, having been educated here and  socialized here.   Because immigrants in the backlog are also severely limited in their  ability to change jobs, the per-country caps often force them to work  under conditions that other employees would justifiably and  understandably find completely unacceptable. This exposes these  immigrants to harassment, exploitation, and abuse, without any option  of switching employers. What is more, because these employees can't  switch jobs, they have less power to negotiate fair salaries, which  depresses wages not only for these immigrant workers themselves but  also for their colleagues, whether or not they are American citizens.   Fortunately, the solution to these problems is not only  straightforward but agreed upon by a broad, bipartisan coalition of  lawmakers. We must eliminate the per-country caps to ensure a fair and  reasonable allocation of employment-based green cards. That is exactly  what the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act would accomplish, and  that is exactly what this bill is all about.   Without the per-country caps, our skills-based green card system  would operate on a first-come, first-serve basis, ensuring that  immigrants are admitted into the United States purely based on merit  rather than on the arbitrary, outdated, unreasonable basis of their  country of origin. This, after all, is what the American dream has  often been about. It is about who we are as a people rather than where  our parents came from, who they were, what they looked like, and what  language they might have spoken.   This reform would also ensure that the hardships caused by decades- long wait times would be eliminated.   Importantly, the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act also  contains critical safeguards to ensure that the transition from the  per-country cap system to a first-come, first-served system would occur  smoothly and without unduly disrupting existing immigration flows.  Specifically, this bill includes a 3-year set-aside of green cards for  immigrants who are not in the backlog to ensure that they can continue  to enter the country as we process backlog petitions.   In addition, the bill contains an important ``do no harm'' provision  to make certain that green card applicants who are at the front of the  line now will stay at the front of the line and not be faced with new  delays as we work through the backlog during this transition process.  These provisions will ensure that we are truly treating all immigrants  in the employment-based system fairly.  [[Page S4619]]    For many years, this critical legislation was stalled because of the  concerns of some Members that any reform to the employment-based visa  system should be accompanied by new protections against fraud and abuse  in the H-1B program. To address those concerns this Congress, I  negotiated an amendment to the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act  with Senator Grassley to include new protections for American workers  in how we process applications for H-1B visas.   This amendment negotiated with Senator Grassley does three things:  First, the Grassley amendment would strengthen the Department of  Labor's ability to investigate and enforce labor condition application  requirements. In addition, it would reform the labor condition  application process to ensure complete and adequate disclosure of  information regarding the employer's H-1B hiring practices. Finally, it  would close loopholes by which employers could otherwise circumvent the  annual cap on H-1B workers.   Importantly, the Grassley amendment--like the underlying bill  itself--consists of provisions that have long enjoyed support from  Members of this body on both sides of the aisle and from every point  along the ideological spectrum. They are drawn from an H-1B reform bill  that has been championed both by Senator Grassley and by Senator  Durbin.    I am grateful that Senator Grassley was willing to come to the table  and work in good faith on achieving a reasonable compromise on this  bill. I believe the deal we have struck is a fair and evenhanded way to  address longstanding concerns about our H-1B system while eliminating  country-of-origin discrimination in how we allocate skills-based green  cards.   The reason the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act enjoys such  broad, solemn, deep, and unwavering bipartisan support is because it  does not include any of the typical partisan poison pills and other  controversial provisions that so often undermine and in many cases doom  other immigration reform efforts. This is a narrow, surgical reform-- one that is necessary, one that is palatable, and one that is long  overdue.   I would like to conclude by thanking Senator Harris, who has been an  indefatigable partner with me on this bill. I have been proud to work  side by side with her to eliminate the country-of-origin discrimination  and bring about a system of fairness in how we allocate employment- based green cards.   This is an important and, indeed, essential reform to our immigration  laws and one that has been a long time coming.   Mr. President, I therefore ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 386 and  that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous  consent that the Grassley amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I approach with great sadness and  disappointment the response just brought about by my distinguished  colleague, my friend, the junior Senator from Kentucky. I have a great  deal of respect for him. The fact that he and I have worked on so many  issues side by side together in order to improve government makes this  not easier but makes it more difficult.   The reforms to which my distinguished colleague, the junior Senator  from Kentucky, refers are themselves born of a genuine desire to  improve our immigration system. But, alas, the reforms he has proposed  are not, in my view, compatible with the scope of this bill, nor are  they compatible with something that can reasonably pass through this  body. That is one of the reasons I have introduced the legislation as I  have.   I worked on this nearly the entirety of the 8\1/2\ half years I have  had the opportunity and great privilege to serve the people of Utah in  the Senate. This is by far the closest we have ever come to having a  deal, and we achieved that deal by keeping this bill focused on the  very things this legislation deals with.   The suggestions that Senator Paul has made, while born of great  concern for our country and a noble degree of commitment to serving the  people of his State, are not themselves compatible with the scope of  this legislation, nor are they compatible with what would likely be  passed by this body.   We have an opportunity right now to pass this. This could pass this  body right now. I find it greatly disappointing that my colleague and  my friend has chosen not to allow this to pass this body today. This is  something that could and should and otherwise would pass this body  today without that objection.   I would respectfully but with all the urgency I am capable of  communicating implore my colleague, the distinguished Senator from  Kentucky, to reconsider his objection and allow this to pass.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   