 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, under this division, we are looking at spending $189.9  billion for fiscal year 2020. That is an increase of $11.8 billion over  the 2019-enacted levels and $47.9 billion above the President's  request.   With $22 trillion in debt and trillion-dollar deficits for as far as  the eye can see, it is long past time for Congress to start making the  difficult decisions necessary to balance the budget.   If we do not confront this problem, we will condemn future  generations to higher taxes and a lower standard of living.   As a father of three daughters, this is simply unacceptable to me.   Madam Chair, my amendment reduces the funds made available for each  amount in division A of H.R. 2740 by 14 percent. This would reduce  total appropriations of this division down to Budget Control Act  levels.   As chairman of the Republican Study Committee Task Force on Budget  and Spending, I am proud to have worked with eight of my colleagues on  the only serious effort in this Congress to confront our debt crisis.   The result was a budget that cut $12.6 trillion in spending and  balanced in 6 years.   An important part of the RSC budget was bringing nondefense  discretionary spending down to commonsense levels. My amendment before  the House today would help make those reductions a reality.   Adoption of this amendment would show that we are acknowledging our  spending addiction and are taking the necessary first steps to address  it.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense  amendment and rein in spending of taxpayer dollars.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the Democrat majority promised the American  people before the last election that they would produce a budget, and  the Democrat majority has failed the very basic first step of  leadership in failing to do so.   Without putting a budget on the floor of this House of  Representatives and showing the American people the priorities of the  Democrat majority, we  [[Page H4578]]  can only assume that the Democrat majority has no interest in balancing  the budget.   That being the case, my amendment is a very basic first step toward  doing just that.   My daughters are 9, 7, and 6 years old, and they are the ones who  will be holding the bag for the lack of leadership in this Congress,  who refuses to address the issue that is staring us in the face, a $22  trillion national debt.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, Hoosiers sent me to Washington, D.C., to do  something about just this.   The spend, spend, spend mantra of Members of Congress for many  decades in the past has got to come to an end now.    That is why this amendment, a commonsense amendment to cut spending  in this appropriations package by 14 percent, is a necessary step  forward to balancing the budget.   That is why I am here. I am committed to being tireless in my pursuit  of a balanced budget.   Madam Chair, as I have said already, we have a $22 trillion national  debt. This division spends $189.9 billion, which is an increase of  $11.8 billion over the 2019-enacted levels and $47.9 billion more than  the President's request.   If Congress does not confront this problem head on and exercise  fiscal discipline, we are robbing our children's children of their  future.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   