 Madam President, I would like to thank my colleague from  our home State of Delaware. I come to the floor to join a number of my  colleagues who are speaking on a pressing issue, the critical lapse in  funding for hundreds of colleges and universities across our Nation.   On September 30, $255 million in annual Federal funding for  historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving  institutions expired.   Since this fund was first created, it has supported 400 HBCUs and  MSIs, historically Black colleges and universities and minority-serving  institutions, across our country, including 97 HBCUs last year. This  lapse has created real uncertainty and harm to these organizations and  these universities, their students, their employees, and the public.   I just wanted to join my colleagues in highlighting the importance of  this funding. I want to speak specifically to the HBCU of which  Delaware is so proud--Delaware State University.   Delaware State is an engine for educational equity and access, for  innovation and for leadership in our State, our region, and our Nation.   Delaware State University is one of the country's top public HBCUs.  Its graduates go on to successful careers in all sorts of industries.  Graduates from Delaware State have become some of our State's best  nurses, teachers, business leaders, social workers, and Senate staff.   DSU's research programs are important drivers for innovation in a  State with a proud history of invention and innovation. It is home to  the Delaware Center for Neuroscience Research, a partnership of  institutions across our State working to advance our understanding of  how our brains form thoughts and memories and feelings, and how they  change over time as we age.   It is also home to OSCAR, the Optical Science Center for Applied  Research, where research that is in part federally funded is helping to  speed early detection of disease, supporting our soldiers in better  deterring and detecting threats, and equipping NASA missions, including  the Mars Rover, with improved sensors.   To put it simply, we are very proud of Delaware State, and there is a  lot of which to be proud. DSU grads are so impressive that I have asked  several of them to join my staff here in Washington. Their commitment  to equity and excellence is why we can't allow HBCUs around the  country, such as Delaware State, to lose out on vitally needed Federal  funding.   Last year, this program provided nearly $1 million--$887,000--to  Delaware State, which is about 20 percent of their title III funding.  These funds have a direct impact on students and funds critical  science, math, and educator preparation programs.   There is no good reason for the Senate to ignore our HBCUs and MSIs  and deny them the funding they deserve. In September, the House passed  a bipartisan, budget-neutral, 2-year extension of this critical  funding, which is known as the FUTURE Act. While I share Senator  Alexander's commitment to permanently extending this funding, we must  not ask institutions to put their budgeting and planning on hold while  we here in the Senate negotiate over many other pressing issues in  higher education.   I urge my colleagues to pass the FUTURE Act immediately, and with  that, I would like to make a motion.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No.  212, H.R. 2486. I ask unanimous consent that the Murray amendment at  the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time and passed; and that the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.   