 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment  offered by the gentleman from Michigan and the gentlelady from  California.   Bipartisan majorities of the House and Senate have recognized the  national security importance of the section 702 program, that it can  help protect our country and respect the privacy of our citizens, and  that these goals need not be in conflict. This near consensus was  founded in part on recognition of the 702 program's close and regular  examination by the DNI and DOJ, by the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Court, by The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board,  by inspectors general--and of course, by the judiciary and intelligence  committees in the House and Senate.   Even against this background, I have long supported privacy and  transparency reforms that preserve the undoubted value of the section  702 program to U.S. National security. For that reason, I joined in  strongly backing the bipartisan compromise legislation, which imposed  new privacy safeguards while reauthorizing section 702 activities. And  I do strongly believe that, as Members of Congress charged with  upholding the Constitution, we should be actively and always looking  for ways to shore up section 702's already rigorous regime for  protecting the rights of U.S. persons--in a fashion that still permits  the IC to accomplish its mission.   And that is where I think the amendment goes too far, and needlessly  risks doing serious harm to what is perhaps our government's most  valuable mechanism for obtaining the communications of foreigners  overseas.   With its addition of new, unnecessary and confusing legal  requirements, the amendment  [[Page H4720]]  would risk the section 702 program's temporary cessation, while the IC  takes steps to understand and comply with the amendment's mandates.   Moreover, as written the amendment strongly suggests that the IC  immediately would have to stop collecting the communications of a  suspected terrorist abroad, simply because the suspected terrorist was  communicating with an individual thought to be within in the United  States. The IC should not be required to cease collection of  intelligence in situations where it is entirely appropriate to collect  it, and where we most badly need to IC to do so--such as the Najibullah  Zazi case, where the IC detected and foiled what would have been a  deadly terrorist plot to detonate explosives on subway lines in  Manhattan.   The amendment would also deny funds for so-called ``abouts''  collection, which the IC on its own decided to discontinue in 2017--and  thus go well beyond the compromise carefully crafted by Congress the  following year. Under existing law such collection might resume one  day, provided the IC first convinces the courts and congress that such  collection can be conducted in a manner that fully safeguards privacy  rights. The IC should not be banned from collecting intelligence in a  fashion that protects privacy, if it can devise an appropriate means of  doing so. And yet that is precisely what the amendment would take off  the table, in advance.   I see no reason to disturb the balance that we struck in 2018, after  such extensive and rigorous deliberation. And I see many, strong  reasons to leave in place this critically necessary intelligence  gathering tool, on which our intelligence professionals rely every day.   