 Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker Pelosi for those kind words,  the kind words of the Republican leaders, and the kind words of all my  colleagues.   It was mentioned that I love this institution, and I do because this  is the great United States of America, and we are representatives of  our districts.   The one thing I learned, during my 46 years, is that each one of you  represent your people, and I respect it. I may not agree with some of  the things you stand for, but I respect that you were elected by your  people.   I had the privilege of traveling a lot, and I still do, in Members'  districts, not to campaign against them, but to find out why and how  they are elected and what they stand for in that community. This House  is the people's House.   I have to sort of confess to one thing that was alluded to by Kevin.  It is a fact that I was a schoolteacher to fifth grade students, and it  prepared me for this job. There is some truth in that because, I have  to tell you, I have timed it as a teacher. The average attention span  of a fifth grader is 7 minutes, and the average attention span of most  Congressmen is about 4\1/4\, because they are so busy trying to do  everything they can, and they are so busy representing their people.   John Dingell was mentioned. And, Debbie, God bless you for him. He  was one of my dear friends. Everybody says that, but he was a dear  friend.   I met him in 1964 in my hometown of Fort Yukon. He was on the Fish  and Wildlife Committee. He was 9 years a Congressman. I met with him  and talked to him about an issue I was interested in.    Of course, when I got elected, he came to me, and I went to see him.  We had one thing in common: We loved to hunt. We hunted on weekends,  because we stayed here. We fished on weekends. And we became dear  friends. He is the strongest, frankly, Congressman I have ever served  with.   We had one thing in common: He respected my beliefs, and I respected  his. I would say, John, this is the right thing to do. And he would do  it.   I think a lot of us here today have to learn that and quit watching  the media. That person who represents that district, listen to what  they have to say and support them. That makes this House work a lot  better, frankly, than it is right now.   This is nothing new. We have to do this for this country, to retain  the control of the Congress to run this Nation. If not, we will lose  our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, I thank everyone in this room for recognizing my tenure.  I want to especially thank my wife, Anne, who is up in the stand. I  have been trying to get the State of Alaska to pay her because when I  lost my dear Lu, I thought I was going to die. She came along, picked  me up off the ground, supported me, loved me, cherishes me, and makes  me want to come to work every day to serve the great State of Alaska.   Mr. Speaker, I thank everyone. God bless them, and God bless America.   