 Mr. President, if we can amend that--after a period of 10  minutes, the two leaders and the ranking member be allowed to speak for  such time as they shall consume. That would work.    Mr. President, yesterday we got down to work on  amendments for the national defense authorization legislation. We filed  a substitute amendment that included 93 bipartisan amendments. When I  say 93, there are 44 Democratic, 44 Republican, and I think 5 more that  we have from both sides. This is what we have been trying to do. Both  Senator Reed and I have been encouraging people to bring amendments to  the floor for a long period of time. In fact, the majority leader,  Senator McConnell, has made several appeals that in the event this gets  bogged down, go ahead and bring your amendments down so we can work  with you. That is what we did. The substitute that we used yesterday  incorporated 93 amendments, and they were actually brought to us for  fear that what happened a year ago would happen again.   I am not sure that the system is wrong when it does this, but any one  Member of the Democrats or Republicans can stop an amendment from  coming forward.   It takes unanimous consent. People don't understand that. Right now,  we are in a position where one individual--last year, one individual,  and at one point, two individuals said they were stopping all  amendments unless they got certain consideration for their own  amendment. That seems to be happening again now. Nonetheless, that is  why we have all of these amendments, and that is what we have done.   I heard a couple of my colleagues say that Republicans are blocking  consideration of an amendment on Iran, the Senator Udall amendment.  That is holding up the bill.   Members of both parties are raising objections to not just one single  amendment but to all amendments. We are following a process that allows  all Senators to have their say. That is a good thing, but it means that  anyone can hold up this bill.   What do we do to preclude damage--irreparable damage--to the most  important bill of the year, the NDAA? We have taken the initiative to  bring up amendments and discuss amendments. I have a list with me of  all of the amendments that are in the bill that we are talking about,  the substitute bill--the Cotton amendment; the open source fusion  centers; the Pacific Island states; the Perdue amendment--I can go  through all 93 of them. The DOD Financial Improvement and Audit  Remediation Plan, which Senator Perdue has been talking about for a  long period of time--we have it now. It is in the bill. Cornyn's bill  on overseas absentee balloting--voting for members of the Armed  Forces--that is in the bill. All these amendments are there, and that  is what we have been doing.   That is why I found the whole idea of Senator Schumer's objecting to  finishing this bill, as we had planned to do it, this week because of  the political debates, the Presidential debates that are going on--I  was pretty shocked yesterday to hear that my colleague from New York,  the minority leader, said that we should delay votes on the NDAA so  that seven Democratic Senators can participate in primary debates. That  is clearly saying that politics is more important than the national  security.   Whether it is seven or just one Democratic Senator who wants to  participate, my answer would be the same: We need to get this bill done  to protect the Nation. I say without apology that the national security  preempts politics. This is the tradition of the Armed Services  Committee. It is our tradition for a reason.   I repeat: Senator Schumer said we should delay votes on the most  important bill of the year--a bill which has a quickly approaching  deadline and which has wide bipartisan support--for political purposes.  He said: ``There is no rush to complete the NDAA.'' He said that there  will be ``no harmful consequences to our military.''   I disagree. We have to enact the NDAA by September 30, the start of  the new fiscal year. We don't have that much time to spare. Think about  all the things we have to do between now and September 30.   If we don't pass the NDAA on time, we will delay needed reforms to  the privatized housing scandal. I would call it a scandal. We have had  two hearings on that. Up until February, no one had said anything about  it. No one said there is a problem. They talked about back in the days  when we did privatize housing. I thought it was a good idea. I was here  at the time. I am partially responsible. It worked for a while, a  couple of years. And then I think a lot of the contractors got greedy,  and they found shortcuts. I think we in the uniforms were somewhat  responsible, too, because they did some things that--they didn't have  the oversight they had before, and therefore they didn't have the  responsibility. So that is a big deal, and that is something that needs  to be corrected, and that is in the bill. That is going to be a part of  the bill. If we don't pass the NDAA, it is not going to be.   If we don't pass the NDAA on time, we will delay $11.2 billion in  military construction projects in 44 States. Yes, some of those are in  my State of Oklahoma. We would handicap mission-critical infrastructure  for combatant commands protecting America and U.S. interests across the  globe. These are MILCON projects that need to be done.   If we don't pass the NDAA on time, we will delay disaster relief for  military installations still recovering from the devastating storms and  disasters in Florida, North Carolina, and Nebraska.   If we don't pass the NDAA on time, we will lose authorities for  ongoing security cooperation in Afghanistan and Iraq, reducing pressure  on terrorist threats, encouraging our enemies, and undermining our  partners.   If we don't pass this NDAA on time, we will be slowing enactment of  the Fentanyl Sanctions Act, which Senator Schumer is very much  concerned about and has been critical to getting this done. I think it  is very important to inhibit the flow of these deadly drugs across our  borders.   If we don't get the NDAA done on time, we will let the EPA continue  kicking the can down the road on the PFAS crisis and providing  Americans safe drinking water.   All of these things are going to happen if we start delaying it. You  might say we are only delaying it for a week, maybe 2 weeks; still,  that delays everything else, and that also puts it into the timeframe  where we are going to be busy doing all these other things we are going  to have to do. We have a lot to do before September 30 and only a  number of legislative days to do it. We have to pass the NDAA. We have  to get a budget deal. We have to bring the appropriations bills to the  floor. These are all vital to getting our troops the resources they  need on time and with predictability.   This is a simple request that our military leaders have made. In  fact, they said it is the best thing we can do for our national  security. This is what is going on right now.   I also listened to a lot of the discussion on the floor. They are  talking about the concentration camps, all these--the treatment of our  kids. Let me say, even though that is not in the purview of the  committee that has the bill, the NDAA--that is Health and Human  Services--I have done some looking into that. And Don Archer in my  office has spent time with HHS, and they found out these kids are being  kept well. Fourteen hundred of these kids are going to go to my State  of Oklahoma, and I am going to be sure that they are healthy when they  get there and that they are fed properly. Everyone is going to have  their own bed, their own resources. The staff servicing these kids is  at a 2-to-1 ratio.   I know it sounds great. It sounds popular. If you want to demean this  President and make it look like he is abusing kids, that rings high,  but it is just not true. We are going to have to do something to  correct the misuse. It is doing a great disservice not just to the kids  but to the bill.   Our responsibility to provide for the common defense is so important,  it is in the opening lines of the Constitution. I know a lot of people  don't read  [[Page S4484]]  the old document anymore, but I think it is pretty important. I would  hope that my colleagues agree--especially those on the campaign trail-- that a candidate for a higher office in this country who truly  understands the importance of defending this Nation and our ideas  should understand the need to pass this bill on time. We have to pass  the bill. We have to pass the bill as soon as possible.   I want to again commend the ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee, Senator Reed, for his unwavering commitment to our men and  women in uniform. He understands, as I understand, that this isn't the  only important thing we have to do.   I would like for everyone to be aware that there is an effort to  delay this bill for what I have to say would be purely political  reasons. It is so that people who are on the committee can participate  in a Presidential debate. Well, they have a daytime job, and they need  to be doing their daytime job, which is defending America and passing  the NDAA. That is what we intend to do.    I plan to be on the floor all day today, and I want to make sure this  idea that somehow we are not getting amendments through, anticipating  we might not be able to get them through--yesterday, we actually passed  93 amendments--93 amendments. It has taken several weeks to get all  these amendments in. I am going to be reading off some of these  amendments and making sure that the authors come down to the floor and  talk about their amendment.   Senator Boozman from Arkansas has an amendment that would modify  authorized strength in the Armed Force Reserve. It is a very important  amendment, and I am sure he is going to be coming down and talking  about his amendment, as are the other Members. Some 44 Members actually  have amendments they need to talk about. We will have that opportunity.  I think we have all day long today to get that done and get this done  and get back on track and pass the NDAA, the most important bill of the  year.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I just want to make one comment. I know  that somehow it is popular to say demeaning things about our President  and John Bolton.   I can remember the years that John Bolton was with the United  Nations, representing the United States, and he did just such an  incredible job. He is one that really has all the talent you could have  in the background. He certainly knows more about defense than anyone  else I know in this administration.   One of the proudest moments I had of this President was when he did  away with that thing that John Kerry had during the last  administration. They are always referring to our coddling the Iranians  in the media.   I happened to be with Netanyahu when the President got us out of the  arrangement with Iran, where we gave them--what--$1.7 billion to do  anything they want to with, and they had to admit they would be  promoting terrorism with the money we gave back to them. It was an  absolute disaster.   Anyway, there is something about this President--in spite of the fact  that right now we have the best economy we have had in my lifetime, and  right now we have a type of full employment nationwide, and minority  employment, we have never had anything at all like we are having right  now. It is the result of two things this President did, and he did them  with the help of the Republicans. We all lined up and helped him with  this. It was reducing the marginal rate.   Reducing the marginal rate to increase the revenue coming into the  United States is something we have known for a long time. It is not a  Republican idea. That was John Kennedy. John Kennedy came up with the  idea that we want to go ahead and increase revenue. At that time, he  said, and his words were: We need more revenue for the Great Society  programs, and the best way to increase revenue is to reduce marginal  rates, and it worked.   Unfortunately, John Kennedy died right after that and couldn't see  the product of his efforts. Then, after that, of course, Ronald Reagan  did the same thing, and it had the same effect on the economy.   Then, when this President did it, we knew it would have that effect,  but he did one more thing that they didn't, and that was he  recommended, yes, you could increase the economy by reducing marginal  rates, but the other way to do it is to reduce the onerous regulations  that we got during the Obama administration.   During that administration, that is the biggest problem we had.  People were leaving the country to go to places they could find energy.  There was a war on fossil fuels--fossil fuels: oil, gas, and coal--and  he ended that war. As a result of that, just in my State of Oklahoma,  for example, our exports on crude have gone up 251 percent since that  time.   Anyway, he also is rebuilding the military. Look what happened to the  military back during the Obama administration. If you look at just the  last 5 years of the Obama administration, he knocked down the amount of  money that went into our military by 25 percent just in 5 years. That  has never happened before.   Of course, all of that is over with now. We have a President who is a  strong supporter. I will be talking about that later. It is just that  the American people know better when they hear all the name-calling of  this President. They don't like his style. Sure, I shudder a little bit  when I hear a tweet coming, but when you stop and think about what he  has been able to accomplish with his tweets, at least now people know  there is another side. There is a truth out there that you can have  access to instead of depending on just the liberal media.   The main thing I want to encourage is--we have people scheduled  starting right after lunchtime--that Members come down and talk about  their amendments. It is true we knew we were going to have some  problems. We suspected we were going to have some problems getting to  amendments because our rules provide that one Senator can stop the  amendment process. An amendment can't come to the floor except by  unanimous consent, and so they objected to unanimous consent until  certain things can happen. Well, I don't criticize anyone, but we knew,  because of that, that we were not going to be able to really get a lot  of amendments on the floor for debate, and so we did it--in fact, we  did it yesterday: ninety-three amendments yesterday.   Now, those 93 were from--equally divided--Democrats and Republicans.  I have a list here, and they are going to be coming down to the floor,  but I want to encourage our Members to come down because people have to  know this is a good bill--this Defense authorization bill. We know it  is going to pass. It has passed for 53 years, and so we know it is  going to pass, but we also know it is the most important bill of the  year. It is the one that takes care of our military that is fighting  for our country.   So we have all of these amendments, and I encourage any of the  Members, Democrats or Republicans, who are not scheduled to come down  and talk this afternoon, to call up. We have lots of time open. We want  to encourage them to do it. We want to make sure that not just the  Members of this body and the other body across the Capitol but also the  American people know we are doing something really great in terms of  the Defense authorization bill. So I encourage you to call and come  down to the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I thought there would be people here  speaking. We are right now in consideration of the most significant  bill of the year, the National Defense Authorization Act. It is not  just the biggest bill but the most significant one, and we know it is  going to pass. It has passed for 59 years in a row, so obviously it is  going to pass. But the problem is that we have many amendments to be  discussed because yesterday alone, we adopted 93 amendments, and they  are equally divided between Democrats and Republicans.   I have invited and encouraged all the Members who have amendments  that were on the list to come down to the floor and talk about their  amendments. I have a list of those individuals who have requested to be  here in conjunction with that, and they are not down here.   Let me just appeal to the Members--Democrats and Republicans alike-- to come in and describe your amendments and talk about this because we  are going to do everything we can to get this bill passed this week.   I have to say, there is an effort right now by the leader of the  Democrats to try to put this off because they want to watch their  friends run for President on TV on Wednesday night and Thursday night.  To me, we have the most important bill of the entire year. This is  something we have to pass because of all the problems that come up. We  have housing, for example. The big problem with privatization of  housing came up last February. All the solutions are in this bill. They  are taken care of. Modernizing our nuclear modernization is in this  bill. That is going to be done, but it can't be done until the bill is  passed and signed by the President.   If we wait, as suggested, in order for them to watch their friends on  TV, then this is going to put it off for a week, and that is certainly  going to jeopardize the possibility of getting it passed. There isn't  time.   If you look at the list of things which the leader of the Senate  articulated just a short while ago, all these things have to be done  before the end of the fiscal year. The end of the fiscal year is  looming out there. We don't have that many legislative days.   We have to do a budget. All these things have to be done, so we  cannot jeopardize all of that by postponing this for a week.   I encourage our Members to come down and be heard and describe their  amendments.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, we have been discussing this, and I  think it is not just redundant but it is important to reemphasize that  this is the most significant vote of the year. This is a $750 billion  bill. This is the one that our entire military is depending on having  pass. It will pass. It has passed every year for 59 years, and it is  going to pass this year. I am concerned, however, that there is an  effort to try to delay it for a week or two, which is something that  will not work, which I will explain in a minute.   It just occurred to me that there is so much stuff in this bill. We  talk about all of the equipment. We talk about the change. We talk  about trying to make up and trying to catch up with Russia and with  China and our adversaries, who are actually ahead of us in many areas.  That is all significant, but there is one issue that not many people  are aware of that I think is really significant and is addressed. It  kind of lets you know how far this bill goes.   There is a problem that exists with the spouses of the military.  Right now, under the Trump administration, we are seeing the best  economy we have had, arguably, in my lifetime. We are clearly seeing  success in tax relief, a reduction in taxes, because of this. Then, of  course, there is the deregulatory effort by this administration.   Right now, we have the lowest national unemployment rate we have had  in a long period of time--3.6 percent. Full employment is supposed to  be 4 percent. In my State of Oklahoma, we are even doing better than  that; we have 3.2 percent.   Anyway, families across the country are feeling the benefit of  getting the economic engine moving again, and that is good, but there  is one group that still faces extreme unemployment, that being the  military spouses.   People don't think about this, but in almost every case of the  members of the military's husbands or wives, whoever the spouse happens  to be, they want part-time employment. Of course, many of them are  skilled and have prepared for careers, but they are not able to get  careers or to get employment because of the spouses' moving sometimes  every 2 years or every 3 years so that they have to go into whole new  environments. There are some State laws that preclude spouses from  getting employment without their complying with certifications from the  different States.   In 2018, there was a RAND study that found that frequent military  moves result in spousal unemployment or underemployment and delays in  employment among spouses who need to obtain credentials at new duty  locations. We need to facilitate easier paths to both licensure and  employment for military spouses.   Now, we make a correction in this policy that--as President Trump  signed an Executive order last year--would work to improve employment  opportunities for military spouses. Well, he did that with an Executive  order, and we have gone a little further with this bill.   We have been successful in getting these results, and they are clear.  Military spouses' unemployment dropped from nearly 25 percent in 2017  to 13 percent in 2019, but it is still a significant thing. It is still  a form of discrimination by people because they are the spouse of a  servicemember.   That is significant progress, but it also doesn't address the more  than one-third of military spouses who are underemployed, working part  time or outside their education or technical field.   One area where we can make an immediate impact is for approximately  35 percent of the military spouses in careers that require occupational  licenses that are administered by the States. They may be different  from State to State, and these individuals are not in a position to  satisfy one State and then go to another State. Most of those spouses  are licensed in healthcare and education, but others include attorneys  and real estate agents.   For the military family moving an average of every 2 years,  relicensing and transferring the license each time becomes very costly.  So the solution is simple. We just have to go after more of the redtape  that makes it hard for our military spouses to move their professional  license, move their career. This is something we have addressed in this  bill. People don't think about this, but we have done it, and so this  is going to give a lot of relief to these people.   It kind of reminds me, when you look at the overwhelming issues we  have dealt with in this bill, it is something that is very significant,  and it is something that is, by far, the most important thing we will  be doing all year.   There is a report from the National Defense Strategy Commission. The  Commission has Democrats and Republicans. A year ago, this group got  together, and they are the very foremost authorities in the country on  military. They decided what it is we need to do.   We went through 8 years of the Obama administration, and I have to  admit that he was very honest about it. He never had defending America  as a top priority, and so we find ourselves in the situation where we  have countries like China and like Russia who are actually ahead of us  in areas like hypersonics.   Hypersonics is the most state-of-the-art thing we are doing in both  defense and offense. It is a system that moves at five times the speed  of sound, and we were leading all of the rest of the world in this  effort until that administration, and that put us behind so that both  China and Russia are ahead of us in that area.   This is something that really disappoints a lot of American people  when they find out.   I go out and give talks around the country, and when I tell them that  there are countries that have better equipment than we do, better  artillery than we do, they are surprised to find that out. Clearly,  China and Russia are doing that.   Now, a lot of times people would say: Well, wait a minute. How could  they be ahead of us when we are spending so much more money than they  are on our defense? The reason for that is very simple. It is something  people don't think about, and that is the single largest expense item  is the cost of people. Of course, in China and Russia they just tell  them what to do. They don't have to have good living conditions for  their troops.   Consequently, they are actually doing better than we are doing in  many areas. This is more than just our conventional capabilities.   The NDAA--National Defense Authorization Act--fully funds our nuclear  modernization. It looks out for our troops, giving them the largest pay  raise in over a decade. We make needed reforms to our privatized  military housing.   We thought things were going pretty well. A number of years ago, we  decided to privatize our military housing. I was here at that time, and  I thought it was a good idea. No one was opposed to it, and we did it.   The problem is the contractors who came in and won these contracts to  take care of military housing worked fine for the first 2 or 3 years,  then they got a little bit greedy, and time went by, and all of a  sudden it all exploded last February when several people got together  from military housing and talked about the deplorable conditions that  we wouldn't expect anyone to live under.   Subsequently, we had a series of hearings in the committee I chair.  The first one was a hearing on the victims, the individuals who are  living in those  [[Page S4495]]  housing conditions. They told the stories about all the problems with  the housing situation.   The next thing we had was a hearing on the contractors. These are the  guys who came along and bid so they would be able to do it. They  admitted in the public hearing that was true and that they had not been  doing the job they needed to do.    That is something in this bill that we have taken care of. We now  have a system set up that has pretty much resolved that problem.   So we have a lot of capabilities that are in this bill. It makes it  easier and more affordable for spouses to transfer their occupational  licenses. That is what I was just talking about.   I said before that this bill is going to pass, and it will, but what  would keep it from passing is if the minority leader, Chuck Schumer, is  successful in insisting on delaying consideration until July.   This has to be done by the end of this fiscal year, and that is  creeping up on us. In the event that we don't get it done this week, as  we had planned to do, then very likely it is not going to be done next  week or the week after that because the longer it takes something like  this to do, we know the political reality of how that works.   We have to get this thing done, we have to get it passed by Thursday,  and I think we will. This bill has the stuff in it that we really need.  It is the most significant bill we have.   So we want to avoid any delays in the calendar. It would likely mean  that we would not be able to enact the NDAA before October 1 and the  start of the fiscal year. That has real impact. That would delay the  fixes we are talking about in privatization of housing. The delays in  MILCON money. MILCON, that is military construction. We have a lot of  military construction that is proposed right now. If you put it off a  week, we don't know what will happen to that military construction.  There are delays in disaster recovery. We have right now--and you have  heard on the floor today the problems that exist in various States:  Florida, North Carolina, and some places out in the Nebraska area and  around there. We have disaster recovery programs that we can't do if we  delay this thing for another couple weeks. These people are going to  have to be living in those conditions for that period of time. The  authority for Afghanistan National Security Forces and Iraq security  cooperation will expire by that time.   So there is every reason in the world that we should go ahead. I  think it is pretty bad when a political decision is made to delay the  consideration of this bill for another week or 2 weeks--all done for  purely political reasons because the Democrats are having their big  show on TV tomorrow night and the next night, and they want us to sit  and watch that as opposed to finishing this bill.   It is our intention to go ahead, finish the bill, get it done, and  that is what we are going to do. We are anxious to do it.   I am very proud of the committee I chair. The Senate Armed Services  Committee met for a period of several months and talked about all the  possible amendments that could be considered, and there is a lot of  talk right now about the fact that we are not doing amendments on the  floor.   Well, we wanted to do amendments on the floor. Jack Reed, the  Democrat who is my counterpart here, he and I have been talking about  doing floor amendments for a long period of time, but under the rules  of the Senate, if one person objects to bringing an amendment up, then  no amendments can come up.   For that reason, we took the initiative just yesterday and passed the  supplemental bill that has 93 amendments. So all of those amendments  came through this process of people talking about their amendments,  they just can't do it on the floor. That is what is happening right  now. We have the best of intentions to continue doing that until we get  the bill.   So let me just reinvite the Members down. We have, right now, a long  list of the 93 amendments and the sponsors of those amendments, and we  are encouraging each Member to bring his amendment down to the floor.  Even though it may not be considered individually, it already passed  yesterday, and people need to know what is in this bill.   So I am going to encourage our Members, invite them to come down  right now and to get involved and explain to not just this U.S. Senate  but to everyone else what all is in this bill.   People have a right to have pride in their own amendments, and so we  are encouraging them to come down at this time and present their  amendments.   With that, I will invite them down.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, while we are waiting for other Senators,  let me once again encourage Members of the Senate to come down and talk  about their amendments.   It is kind of an awkward situation that we have here, and we are all  aware of this, but the Senate rules say that amendments can't come to  the floor except by unanimous consent. That means that if there is one  person who objects to having an amendment come up and be considered,  then all that person has to do is object.   Frankly, that happened last year. We had a couple Members who were  holding out for a nongermane amendment they wanted to consider, and  they stated they would hold up all the other amendments. That happened,  and it looks like it is happening again this year, but we are prepared  this year because, anticipating that would be the case, yesterday we  passed the 93 amendments with the bill--that we went to as the  underlying bill. We now have 93 amendments in addition to the  amendments we already had. We are probably now in excess of 200  amendments that we have had on this bill since its inception. Most of  these amendments are bipartisan. In fact, the 93 amendments we adopted  yesterday were amendments we had considered in the committee I chair,  the Senate Armed Services Committee. Of those amendments, 44 were  Democrats', 44 were Republicans', and the rest were bipartisan.   So this is not really that partisan of a bill.   Anyway, this includes an amendment by my colleagues, Senator Graham  and Senator Heinrich, in support of plutonium pit production, which is  key to maintaining our nuclear stockpile.   A lot of people are not aware of the problems we have with plutonium  pit production. Consequently, we have to be competitive in this area.  We have not had a nuclear modernization program in quite a long period  of time. Nuclear modernization has gotten a lot of attention this year.   Traditionally, we have seen bipartisan support for these programs,  and there is a good reason for that. Our nuclear force is critical to  our deterrence posture and, in turn, the overall security of the Nation  and really the world. This is our top priority--defending America.   Stop and think about it. The threat that is out there today--I often  say I look wistfully back at the days of the Cold War when there were  two superpowers. We knew what they had, they knew what we had, and  mutual destruction really meant something at that time. It doesn't mean  anything anymore. There are people who are run by deranged leaders in  countries, and these people have the power to knock out an American  city. That is the kind of threat we are faced with today, and that is  why nuclear deterrence is so significant. It is such a significant part  of this bill. Our nuclear force is critical for our deterrence posture  and, in turn, the overall security of the Nation.   Anyway, we can't pretend that just because we take a step back,  countries like Russia and China will do the same. And we did. For a  period of time, in the last administration, we did step back in our  efforts, and a lot of those efforts were in nuclear modernization.  Consequently, while we were ahead in this area--ahead of China and  Russia--they caught up and actually passed us.   Right now, they have hypersonics, as an example. Hypersonics is kind  of the state-of-the-art in warfare. It is something that travels five  times the speed of sound. It is something we were ahead of prior to the  last administration, and we fell behind because while  [[Page S4496]]  we were not doing anything, China and Russia were doing things. We  tried this before during the Obama administration; it just didn't work.   We know Russia and China are modernizing their nuclear forces at an  alarming speed while we have been neglecting ours. And North Korea and  Iran continue to pursue nuclear programs, furthering their goals of  creating instability and gaining influence in their regions, and we are  at a disadvantage. It poses a formidable threat to America and our  allies.   If we don't provide robust support of our nuclear programs now, do it  now, we will be in danger of falling behind. The National Defense  Strategy acknowledged this reality. That is the thing I talked about a  few minutes ago, that we have the National Defense Strategy as a  blueprint for what we have been doing in our defense authorization  committee, and we have been adhering to that. The NDAA takes this into  account and supports all of the aspects of the triad.   The triad--recently, people have said: Well, we don't need to spend  an amount of money on a triad system. ``Triad'' obviously means three  approaches to our nuclear defense. When you stop and think about the  three different ways a weapon can come into the United States, it can  come in on an ICBM, it can come in on a submarine, or it can come in on  a bomber. So that is what they mean by ``triad.'' For somebody to say  ``Well, we don't need the three approaches; we need only one,'' well,  if we knew in advance what that weapon was coming in on, what was going  to be used for its delivery, then I would agree with that. But that  can't happen, so we can't block off a leg or two of the triad or the  whole thing will collapse. Each component provides a different type of  protection and, combined, makes it far more challenging for adversaries  to find opportunities to strike, and there are adversaries out there  who want to do that.   Make no mistake--our adversaries are paying attention to their  capabilities and to our capabilities. We need a strong, resilient,  responsive nuclear enterprise to deter threats.   Nuclear weapons aren't just a relic of the Cold War, but currently we  are treating them that way. Half of our DOE nuclear facilities are more  than 40 years old, and a quarter date back to World War II. After years  of neglect, the ceilings are literally falling down around the workers  in nuclear complexes across the country. Fortunately, in fact, we have  several people coming down here and talking about that threat because  in some States, their Senators want to be sure they are doing a good  job in maintaining our nuclear capability. So we need to modernize and  revitalize this infrastructure if we want to maintain pace with China  and Russia and if we want to preserve a credible nuclear deterrent.   I think it is important to note that the cost of modernization is not  excessive. It averages about 5 percent of the DOD budget. That seems  like a small price to pay to prevent a nuclear war.    The NDAA--that is what we are considering now--the National Defense  Authorization Act fully funds the nuclear modernization program at or  above the request, including additional funding for Columbia-class  submarines and low-yield ballistic missile warheads.   The NDAA also pushes the National Nuclear Security Administration  toward its goal of plutonium pit production--a requirement to meet the  needs of our nuclear strategy.   These investments will increase our capabilities and bring us into  the 21st century. This is what we need to be doing to implement the  National Defense Strategy and assess the full range of threats our  Nation faces. You know, it is a dangerous world out there, and we have  a lot of people out there who don't like America--let's face it.   I was disappointed in the last administration, talking about the  Obama administration. It was the first time in my memory--certainly  since World War II--that we had either a Democratic or Republican  administration that used something other than defending America as a  primary goal of our country. Instead, that has dropped back, and we  suffer the consequences. So we are in the process right now of  rebuilding our military. We did it in 2018. That was the first year of  the Trump administration. He increased the military spending back to  where it had been before--up to $700 billion and then $716 billion the  next year and then $750 billion in the bill we are considering at this  very moment. So we are going to end up with a stronger America. I think  that by the end of this year, if everything we are doing with this bill  is fully implemented and behind us, we are going to be in good shape to  do the job we are supposed to be doing in defending America.   In the meantime, we have this bill. Again, I will quit talking and  encourage our Members to come down and talk about their amendments. One  who is going to be coming down in just a few minutes--in fact, is due  down any minute now--is Senator Richard Burr. He is in charge of  intelligence. He chairs the Intelligence Committee, and that is a part  of this bill.   It is important that people understand how far-reaching this is. This  is the most significant thing we are doing, and that is probably the  real reason we don't want to give in to the minority leader of the  Senate, who is trying to get us to delay this for another week or  longer because of the big show people are going to see on TV tomorrow  and the next day of all the Democrats who are going to run for  President. If I remember, the last time, we had 17 Republicans running.  This time, we have 20 Democrats running. Anyway, that might be a great  show, but it is not as important as the work we are doing here. And we  absolutely have to get this done this week in order to fulfill the  obligation we have to the American people.   Let me again encourage our Members to come down and discuss their  amendments because we are going to be coming to a vote this week on all  of those, and we have to make sure we have a full house of Senators who  know everything that is in this bill.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   