 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Arizona for  yielding.   I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in strong opposition to H. Res. 109, the  Green New Deal. This resolution is nothing short of a socialistic  takeover of our energy, our transportation, and our agricultural  industries that aims to change every single aspect of our lives,  including how Americans eat, travel, stay warm, build their homes, and  even what jobs we take.   As a fiscal conservative, I believe that the Green New Deal is  entirely irresponsible. Recently, our national debt exceeded $22  trillion, and we have no realistic plan for paying that off. The Green  New Deal would add trillions more to our debt, while simultaneously  destroying the American economy.   It would also transfer tremendous costs onto the taxpayers, a total  of $93 trillion over 10 years. For example, every home and every  building would need to be retrofitted at the cost of $2.5 trillion over  the next decade.   Additionally, the Green New Deal's stated goal is to achieve net-zero  greenhouse gas emissions in that same timeframe, which will cost the  taxpayer $11 trillion. Our current tax base could not support this  catastrophic level of new spending. Therefore, taxes will need to be  raised on every single American and business, inflicting massive damage  on our economy due to the loss in take-home pay for the average family  and resulting in job losses in the private sector.   Proponents of the Green New Deal also want to see all our American  power come from wind or solar or batteries. This is completely  unsustainable, currently, and will lead to blackouts, a dwindling food  supply, and an all-out assault on private property rights.   The Green New Deal also contains no plan on what we will do with all  the refuse and the trash that will be resulting from the millions of  appliances, batteries, and buildings that need to be replaced or  retrofitted.   This proposal, as grand in its scope as it is absent in its  specifics, betrays a shocking naivete and a total absence of  understanding of basic economic principles or even of our electric grid  and infrastructure.   Most importantly, the authors of this proposal fail to appreciate the  love of liberty and freedom that the American people share. Americans  will never stand for such a radical, socialistic restructuring of our  economy, and it must be strongly and emphatically rejected.   Over the last century, we have seen socialist governments around the  world make the same empty promises of unlimited peace and prosperity if  only their citizens would just relinquish control of their affairs and  give up their freedoms and liberty to an overbearing government. The  result has inevitably been the same: barren fields, crumbling  infrastructure, broken economies, oppressed peoples, and, eventually,  fleeing populations, as we  [[Page H2788]]  have seen firsthand in Venezuela, Cuba, the Soviet Union, and many  other failed socialistic states.   