 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I will close after the gentlewoman yields  back.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I didn't get a chance to come down during  the debate on the underlying bill, and the committee, of course, raised  this issue.   The hope is that the President is going to sign a bill to go back  into an agreement that he already decided to get out of. So, when the  statement is made--it only reverses the President's action if the  President signs the bill. The President is not going to sign this bill.   So why are we here? Why are we spending a whole week? I understand we  need to get this climate debate off our chest and eventually move  forward, and I hope we will do that in a bipartisan manner.   As to the amendment that we are debating here, not bad, I think,  trying to understand the green jobs that will occur. But I think those  of us from fossil fuel areas, coal mining areas, marginal oil, well, we  would probably like to see an evaluation of job losses that could occur  as part of this.   They are going to tout the job creation. Let's look at the areas--and  they touted rural America. Let's look at the areas where coal mines  will close, coal-fired power plants will close, and the economic impact  that will be impacted there.   We are pretty excited about working with the Energy and Commerce  Committee on, as is, I think, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, conservation, innovation, adaption. Our focus is going to  be: Let's affect the carbon dioxide emissions without raising energy  costs and slowing the economic activity.  [[Page H3385]]    I think we have one of the best economies that I have ever served in,  and we do have an increase in carbon dioxide this last year because the  economic activity is so great.   So if you believe that, which is true, the reverse would be, if you  delay and raise energy costs, you could really hurt economic growth.   Mr. Chair, I ask for a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I will close after my colleague yields back  her time.   I reserve the balance of my time    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment.   Listen, in the transmission world, other than Texas, no State is  alone. California is in the Western interconnect. So we have great  support for States' rights, but decisions made by California will  affect Nevada and will affect Arizona.   For example, we have seen how decisions in some areas actually  benefit the fossil energy in other areas, such as support of fossil and  nuclear power in Arizona for California's electricity requirements.   The basic underlying amendment really does nothing to address things  that we would like to support--conservation, innovation, adaption-- trying to, in a bipartisan approach, address the real issue, which is  how do we reduce carbon dioxide emissions in a way that protects the  economy, grows the economy. We also feel that our citizens are better  served when they have good paying jobs and they are working versus a  risk of not doing that if you move down an unchecked path.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I also thank Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon  and, actually, Congresswoman Plaskett. I was able to visit the Virgin  Islands and Puerto Rico during the last hurricane, and it was  devastating. I appreciate the hospitality shown in difficult times.   Madam Chair, while this is a ``let's do an evaluation of good and  bad,'' versus one of the amendments we talked about earlier, I am  pleased to support it.   The only caveat we would say is that we would rather have these  reports done prior to making major decisions versus making a decision  and then seeing how it is going to impact. But I am pleased to support  it, and I thank the gentlewoman for bringing it forward.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Chair, I will close after the gentleman closes. I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, bravo for our States and bravo for our  communities. I think the only problem I have with the amendment is you  seem to have to believe that the United States has to be involved in an  international agreement for us to lead. We are the largest carbon  reducer since 2015 in the world.   I think the Energy and Commerce Committee over the last Congress has  led with bipartisan solutions that have come to the floor. That is  where we need to get to eventually, instead of the ``he said, she  said,'' point fingers, ``you are bad.''   What can we do that gets across to the Senate? What can we do to get  it to the President's desk? Moving an amendment and a bill that says,  ``Mr. President, you got out of the Paris accord, now sign this bill to  undo what you just did,'' no one believes he is going to sign that.   We also know that even if he vetoes that bill, we will be able to  sustain it on this side.   We look forward to doing things that we did in the last Congress. We  can address carbon capture, sequestration, utilization; advanced  nuclear reforms; hydropower; and clean natural gas, which has also  enhanced our national security; and energy efficiency.   Republicans are willing to work with my colleagues on the Energy and  Commerce Committee on conservation, things like energy efficiency, new  source review, and forest management. We are willing to talk about  innovation, things like advanced nuclear power, as I mentioned; carbon  capture, utilization, sequestration, pumped storage; battery technology  through research and development; adaptation addressing the grid,  adapting to the climate change issues; resiliency of our communities;  genetically modified crops, if we have weather conditions or drier  conditions.    There are things that we think we can move to address this debate  that could get through the Senate and could get to the President's  desk, but haranguing and harassing a President who has already decided  to leave the accord and think he is going to sign a bill is just not  going to happen. That is why I oppose this amendment.   I disagree with the basic premise of the amendment. I agree that  communities are doing great things. States are leading. When you argue  that States are leading, that is contrary to your argument that we have  to lead. If the States and local communities are doing it, why does it  take the Federal Government to do that?   We don't have to bash to work together and move a policy forward.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   