 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Delaware for his  comments.   I rise to continue to speak about the U.S. retreat from Syria and our  alliance with our Kurdish allies.   The hasty withdrawal of the United States from northern Syria  produced vivid and painful pictures of U.S. troops being pelted with  stones and rotting vegetables as they walked away from the Kurdish  allies they had stood alongside in the fight against ISIS for years-- those Kurdish allies who had fought so valiantly with the United  States--our best battlefield partners--in the defeat of ISIS.   The Trump retreat has been pitched by the President as a great  victory for American foreign policy. It isn't. It is a grave failure  that will ultimately make our country less safe. It is paving the way  for potential ethnic cleansing. That has been testified to by  administration officials.   In the last 2 weeks, 176,000 Kurds--more than half of them children-- have been displaced.   President Trump claims that the Kurds understand we are doing them a  great service. That is just flatly wrong.   The Trump retreat empowers Russia, empowers Iran, empowers the Syrian  dictator, Bashar al-Assad, who is an international pariah because he is  responsible for human suffering at an unimaginable scale, and it also  empowers  [[Page S6149]]  Turkey, which, despite being a NATO member, has undergone a troubling  slide toward authoritarianism.   The Trump retreat has led us to abandon a steadfast U.S. ally, the  Syrian Kurds. It is more than just abandoning them and walking away  from them; the President reached out personally to say that they were  no angels, thrashing them on the way out of the door. For what reason?   The Trump retreat has already led to more than 100 ISIS prisoners  escaping, according to the testimony of the special Ambassador who has  been charged to be the envoy for the region, Ambassador Jeffrey. The  President declared that they had ``been largely recaptured,'' but when  Ambassador Jeffrey was asked yesterday about the President's claim, he  stated: ``We do not know where they are.''   Based on testimony from military leadership and diplomats--testimony  which was just read by Senator Carper--it is pretty clear that the  President has increased the likelihood of a resurgence of ISIS with  this move. We hope that does not happen, but it has largely been  predicted by our defense leaders.   What is the grand strategy here? If you look at this highly  consequential decision, which is literally a life-and-death decision,  and you look at how it was made, it becomes pretty clear to me that  there wasn't a grand strategy.   President Trump encouraged a career State Department diplomat,  Ambassador Jim Jeffrey, who spent his whole life in this region, to  come out of retirement and take a portfolio of responsibility for Syria  and the anti-ISIS campaign. Ambassador Jeffrey was charged directly  with this task, but Ambassador Jeffrey testified before the Foreign  Relations Committee the other day that he was not even asked or  consulted about the cause of action that this President took.   Imagine how that would make you feel. You have retired. You are  recruited by the President to come and lead the coalition against ISIS,  to be responsible for the Syrian portfolio. The President makes a life- and-death decision about the Syrian mission and does not even ask you  for your advice about it. This speaks volumes about the chaotic nature  of the retreat.   In July, Ambassador Jeffrey announced--and this was good news--that  he and the team had convinced Britain and France to add troops to the  mission--the anti-ISIS mission in Syria--to deal with this ISIS threat.  That was announced 2 to 3 months ago. But what we heard after President  Trump's announcement was that he did not consult with Britain and  France, the nations that had made commitments and then bulked up their  troop strength in the area. President Macron of France said he heard of  President Trump's decision by tweet.   So when neither the U.S. Ambassador charged with the responsibility  of this mission, nor the British and French allies, who are also  together with us on the battlefield, were consulted about this, that  adds to the sense of chaos.   I believe this: If the administration had come to Congress 3 months  ago or 3 weeks ago and said: Here is our proposal. We want to empower  Russia, Turkey, Iran, and Assad. We want to raise the risk of ISIS  reconstituting. We want to walk away from the Kurds. We want to make  other allies wonder about whether we will be loyal to them. And we want  to send a message that protecting oil wells is more important than  protecting allies--if the administration had come to the Armed Services  or Foreign Relations Committee and said ``We have an idea. This is what  we want to do. What do you think?'' I know what we would have done. I  think virtually everyone in the body would have asked questions but  would have laughed the strategy out of the room.   But the President didn't come to Congress, didn't come to the  relevant committees to share his thought or his idea about what should  be done. Instead, he took the unilateral action, and now we are seeing  the consequences of the Trump retreat.   The Trump retreat was promoted at a press conference by the President  yesterday with a branding, and the branding was ``Mission Accomplished  and Promise Kept.'' That branding sent a very bizarre, chaotic, and  contradictory message: We are protecting oilfields but not our allies  from ISIS. We are pulling out of the region, but we are also putting  thousands more troops in Saudi Arabia. We are pulling out of the  region, but we have, in fact, added 14,000 more troops to the gulf  since May. We are pulling back from the safe zone that we spent months  trying to implement, just to put Russia in charge of that safe zone. We  are empowering dictators, but we are abandoning allies. We are sending  the signal in Saudi Arabia that the reason we are putting troops there  is, as the President said, because they will pay for it, sending the  message that our military are now mercenaries, that we would go to the  country where the country will pay for it regardless of the human  rights situation in that country.   The withdrawal has made it very difficult for anybody to think about  partnering with us in the future against a threat like ISIS.   The Syrian Kurds and the Iraqi Kurds, by the way, are both very, very  strong partners in the battle against ISIS. If ISIS does resurge, the  normal reaction would be to go to our best battlefield partners and ask  them if they would help us to defeat ISIS. The President has made it  virtually impossible for us to go back to the Syrian Kurds and say: OK,  well, now can you help us defeat ISIS again? And I think the  President's actions this week have sent a message to other nations as  well that when the United States asks you to get on the battlefield,  you have to be worried about whether the United States will abandon you  when it has decided your time is up.   I want America--and I know the Presiding Officer does as well because  of his background--to be the country that tells the world ``You can  count on us,'' not the country about which the world says ``Don't  believe a word they say.''   In my capacity as a member of the Senate Armed Services and the  Senate Foreign Relations Committees, I have spoken with a number of  Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle about what we can do  because I don't think the President is going to reverse course. But  there are things we can do as the article I branch here to repair some  of this or at least start on the road to repair.   There is strong bipartisan support for the passage of the Risch- Menendez bill, which provides a path forward. This is a bill that deals  with sanctioning Turkey for its behavior and calling the administration  forward to present us with the anti-ISIS plan that should exist right  now. I urge the Senate to take up that bill and pass it immediately. It  has strong bipartisan support.   I further urge the Senate to pass either the House resolution  condemning the President's action or the resolution that Senator  McConnell has introduced to condemn the President's action. I think  either or both of those would be strong statements that the Senate  could make.   For some reason that has not yet been explained, the administration  has refrained from implementing the mandatory CAATSA sanctions against  Turkey following Turkey's purchase of the S-400 missile system from  Russia. These are mandatory sanctions. By law, the President was  supposed to have implemented them by now.   We have heard from Brett McGurk, who is working in the region, that  Vladimir Putin has looked at Americans and said: Hey, look, Turkey  bought our system, and you guys haven't sanctioned Turkey yet, so you  are a paper tiger.   The actions of these sanctions are noticed in the region, and the  region is wondering: They are mandatory. Yet the United States isn't  implementing the sanctions. Why not?   I call on the administration to reverse this decision and immediately  implement the sanctions to send an important message to both Turkey and  Russia.   I call on Congress and the administration to be focused on the need  for increased humanitarian assistance in the region. The 176,000 Kurds  who have been displaced from their land already are likely to be  followed by tens or hundreds of thousands more, and we should focus on  what we might do in the humanitarian space to assist them. I believe  that humanitarian assistance to international NGOs is important and,  also, I would argue, humanitarian assistance to the KRG--to the  Kurdistan Regional Government.  [[Page S6150]]    Naturally, as the Kurds leave the space in northern Syria under  attack from Turkey, one of the places they are likely to go is to  Kurdistan and northern Iraq. In the first 10 days, nearly 9,000 Kurdish  refugees from Syria have crossed the border into Iraq.   So as we are looking to humanitarian assistance to deal with the  scope of this crisis created by President Trump's action, I hope we  will consider humanitarian support to the KRG as Kurds cross the  border.   I call on Congress to pass the bill that has been introduced by  Senators Warner and Blumenthal, which would provide special immigrant  visa opportunities for Kurdish translators and others who have worked  alongside our military. This is something we have had a good track  record of doing with people who supported our troops in Iraq and  supported our troops in Afghanistan and then are left in harm's way  because of that support. Those on the Kurdish side who have worked  together with our troops in northern Syria, I think, should be extended  the same special immigrant visa status.   The administration should be asked to come to both Houses of Congress  and testify about the plan to prevent a resurgent ISIS. This is  something Americans should be afraid of. Maybe the administration has a  plan about how they will try to protect against that happening, but  whether they have a plan or not, they should come to Congress, and we  should ask them about it.   Finally, I want the White House to release the transcript of the call  between President Trump and President Erdogan in which this deal was  hashed. When I heard the testimony of Ambassador Jeffrey at the hearing  yesterday--the testimony was public--that he wasn't consulted and that  the British and French, who have just recently put in troops, weren't  consulted, I still have real questions about why this decision was  made. I believe those questions would largely be answered if the  transcript of the call between Presidents Erdogan and Trump were  delivered, whether in a classified or other context to Congress, so I  call on the White House to release the transcript.   I am going to conclude with this: Along with many of our colleagues  today, I gathered here in the Chamber at 10:30 to go over to the  memorial service for Elijah Cummings, and it was a powerful one. It was  a powerful one. Not many Members of Congress--Senate or House--lie in  state in the Capitol, and it was a moving occasion.   I knew Elijah Cummings pretty well, being kind of a next-door  neighbor of Virginia and Maryland. Over the years, we did a number of  events together. One of the things that Representative Cummings used to  say in one of these voices that sounded like it was coming out of the  Old Testament--you know, it was a fire-and-brimstone voice--was this  powerful, powerful statement: ``We are better than this.''   He would say that, and when he would say it, he would say it about a  number of circumstances. He said it probably most recently, most  vividly, when pictures emerged of children in cages at the border. But  he would often say it, and he would say it to criticize actions. It  would sound like a tough criticism.   But as some of the eulogists today were mentioning that statement of  Representative Cummings, I thought about ``We are better than this,''  what it means, and it suddenly struck me as not a critical statement.  It suddenly struck me as an extremely optimistic and positive  statement. I hadn't really thought of it that way until I heard it  earlier today.   Why do I say it was optimistic and positive? The statement ``We are  better than this'' says that whatever the imperfections of the day, we  are really more defined by our ideals than our imperfections. We are  more defined by our values than our vices. And, sure, when he would use  that statement, he would be criticizing an imperfection of the day--a  bad decision or bad policy--but he would be criticizing it by saying  that we as a country, we as a Congress, we as a Senate, even we as  individuals are actually better than this. Our ideals are better than  the way we are acting right now.   If you look at reality, you can define it by its imperfection or you  can try to define it by its ideals, and I would like to have a judge  who looked at me and judged me by my ideals more than my imperfections,  even while calling me to live up to my ideals.   The fact that an Elijah Cummings, who had suffered throughout his  life many kinds of second-class treatment of discrimination, even being  routed into special ed classes as a kid because people thought he was  slow when he was actually really, really gifted, the fact that he would  go through life and still believe so strongly that our country's values  and ideals were a more accurate reflection of who we are than our  imperfections and vices is something that I found pretty inspirational  as I thought about his life.   I do believe we are better than this with respect to this particular  issue. I think we are better than abandoning battlefield allies. I  think we are better than empowering authoritarian dictatorships. I  think we are better than suggesting we care more about oil than we care  about people. I think we are better than facilitating ethnic cleansing  of a proud population, including kids. I think we are better than this.   So in the spirit of Representative Cummings, I am going to define us  as a nation, us as a Senate, us as individuals more by our ideals than  by our imperfect actions and then call us to live up to it. There are  concrete steps we can take--some of which I have outlined--that I think  will be more in tune with who we actually are and the ideals we hold.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   