 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join with my colleagues  to introduce this bipartisan bill to reaffirm the commitment of  Congress to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, as we know it. We  call it NATO.   For 70 years now, almost 1 billion people from Los Angeles and  London, to Tallinn and Thessaloniki have lived in peace and prosperity,  in no small part due to the security provided by NATO.   As a CIA officer in Afghanistan, like my friend and colleague from  California, I had the opportunity to serve side by side with NATO  forces in the fight against al-Qaida and the Taliban. I saw every day  the professionalism and dedication of these brave men and women who,  like our soldiers, were fighting to protect their nations and way of  life.   More than 1,000 NATO soldiers paid the ultimate sacrifice fighting  alongside the United States in Afghanistan.   In the global fight against terrorism, NATO allies have stood with us  time and time again. As my friend from the Commonwealth of Virginia  noted, in NATO's entire history, 9/11 was the first time the alliance  invoked Article 5, the commitment that an attack against one ally is an  attack against all.   In our darkest hour, every member of NATO answered the call to fight  terror at home and abroad.   In Europe, NATO countries continued to deter Russia from threatening  our democratic partners. Through military exercises in forward  deployments in Eastern Europe, we have demonstrated our shared resolve  against the aggressive ambitions of Vladimir Putin. That includes a  stronger commitment by our allies to provide for their own defense.  They have spent over $2.8 trillion on defense in the last decade, with  spending increasing for the fourth straight year in 2018.   These partners, not Russia, are our true friends, and we must always  stand with them.   We face many shared challenges, and the only way we can overcome them  is by working together and continuing the strong transatlantic bond  that unites our Nations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  legislation. It is an honor to work alongside my friend from the great  State of California, Mr. Panetta, the chairman, and the ranking member  of this important committee.   