 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3352, the Department of  State Authorization Act of 2019. This legislation helps put our  diplomacy and development missions on firm footing by updating long- neglected authorities to reflect facts on the ground and strengthening  the State Department's operations and workforce.   Diversity is a unique source of that strength and for our economy and  national security. We must ensure that our Federal workforce reflects  the American people it serves. That is why I am grateful that this bill  includes the bulk of my National Security Diversity and Inclusion  Workforce Act, H.R. 2979, promoting diversity in Federal national  security offices.   That bill and the authorization bill before us today require regular  reporting on demographic data related to State Department's workforce  and diversity efforts and encourages State to expand recruitment and  retention programs to facilitate a diverse workforce that looks like  America.   I want to thank the chairman, in particular, and the ranking member  for including this amendment as part of the bill to incentivize senior  leaders to foster an inclusive environment and offer a career  advancement program for senior positions, also encouraging a diverse  participation.   I have collaborated with Federal employee groups to promote diversity  within Federal agencies, and I welcome the opportunity to take a  comprehensive approach in this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I was a staff member on the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee for 10 years, and I helped write the last foreign aid bill,  and that was in 1985. As the ranking member noted, it has been 17 years  since we have brought a State Department authorization bill to full  force in the law.   Credit goes to Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul and their  respective staffs for bringing us to this point and, frankly, without  any kind of adversity. It was the smoothest markup of a State  Department bill I ever recall, and my hat is off to them. Mr. Speaker,  they deserve a lot of congratulations. It is a good model for this  bill.   