 Madam President, I thank my colleague from West Virginia  because this is a matter of the heart for him. He has worked so hard on  this as a Governor of West Virginia and as a U.S. Senator. It has been  my honor to work together with him on this and so many other issues.   I will begin with a little bit of history. We are right in the midst  of Virginia's 30th anniversary of the Pittston Coal strike. It began on  April 5, 1989, in Southwest Virginia. The Pittston Coal Company, which  was headquartered in Pennsylvania, terminated all healthcare benefits  for approximately 1,500 retirees, widows, and disabled miners. That  anniversary is being celebrated right now. When these healthcare  benefits were terminated, it led to a strike. It lasted from April of  1989 until February 20 of 1990--nearly 10 months.   Then-president of the United Mine Workers Union, Rich Trumka, who is  now the president of AFL-CIO, was asked during this time period as the  miners and their families and the retirees made great sacrifices for  striking: How long can you hold out? They were seeing the benefits they  were getting as strikers--instead of a $600-a-week strike benefit,  which was the original plan, the funds had dwindled down, and they were  getting $200 a week. That was all they were getting during the strike,  and when Rich Trumka was asked ``How long can the miners hold out?'' he  said: We can hold out one day longer than the Pittston Coal Company.   That is, in fact, what happened. In February, they reached an  agreement. It was a historic labor strike that was because of  healthcare benefits and because of the need of the people who do one of  the toughest jobs in this country--a job that will rack its pain on  your body in a physical way, unlike any other kind of work. Losing  healthcare is tough for anybody, but for somebody working underground  in a mine, it is absolutely catastrophic.   As my colleague mentioned, we are here to talk about the American  Miners Act, which he is leading and I am proud to cosponsor. The UMWA  Pension Plan is projected, right now, to become insolvent by 2022, and  this could be advanced and come even sooner if there is another major  bankruptcy.   My colleague talked about the history of this pension plan. During  the Presidency of President Truman and in the aftermath of that strike,  there was an agreement that there would be employer contributions into  the pension plan based on every ton of coal that was sold.   The employer contributions have declined significantly in recent  years as coal companies have gone out of business and other companies  have creatively used the bankruptcy laws, as my colleague indicated, to  skate out of their obligations to these hard-working miners and their  families and retirees.   If we do not intervene, if we do not pass the American Miners Act or  something essentially identical, 87,000--87,000--current beneficiaries  and an additional 20,000 vested retirees could lose all or part of  their pension benefits.   The insolvency of the mine workers' pension would put further  pressure on the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, which is already  facing other shortfalls. And it is not just pensions; it is also  healthcare. Because of a recent bankruptcy of the Westmoreland Coal  Company, as my colleague mentioned, 1,200 miners and their families,  largely widows and others, are slated to potentially lose healthcare  coverage very soon. That would include 800 Virginians who could lose  health coverage by the end of the year.   I remember when my colleague was leading the successful effort in  2017. To fix one of the issues with healthcare benefits for these  families, I attended a roundtable session with many of them in  Castlewood, VA, at the UMWA field office there. I went in at a midweek,  midafternoon time when you wouldn't normally expect a lot of people to  attend a meeting, and the room was absolutely packed with people who  were so very, very frightened. They were slated, at that point, to lose  health coverage.   Remember, this was at the end of April. It was about April 20 when I  was there with them. They were looking at me with fear in their eyes,  asking what they should do: Should I go out and buy insurance on my  own? But who is going to cover me? Look at my age. Look at my physical  condition. Look at the conditions my wife is dealing with.   It wasn't uncommon to be dealing with a working or recently retired  [[Page S4893]]  miner with a spouse who had cancer, and the threat of losing health  insurance in that circumstance was existential. I could look him in the  eye, and I couldn't really promise him anything except that we would  try.   We were able to get a fix at that point that saved healthcare for  thousands and thousands of miners, and we did that with our colleagues  in this body--Democratic and Republican--and in the House as well.  Well, it is time for us to step up again.   Here is what the American Miners Act would do. It would shore up the  pension plan to ensure that workers receive the benefits they have  earned. The bill would also safeguard healthcare coverage for workers  who are projected to lose their coverage because of the Westmoreland  Coal Bankruptcy. It builds on the bill that we passed in a bipartisan  way in 2017.   Lastly--and this is really important. I am so happy that in working  on the bill, Senator Manchin and I decided to do this. The bill is  going to ensure financing for medical treatment and basic expenses for  workers suffering from black lung because we are extending the Black  Lung Disability Trust Fund. Right now, that is also--because of a  revenue source that was sort of sunset--scheduled to be stopped, and  then the trust fund will dwindle down, and those suffering from black  lung will also lose the protections that they have. This American  Miners Act not only protects pensions and not only protects folks who  are having their healthcare bankrupted by Westmoreland but would extend  the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund that is so very, very important.   The best news is that the bill is fully paid for. We are not asking  to increase the deficit. We are not asking to increase tax rates. The  bill is fully paid for. We would simply extend an existing tax to  protect the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund, and then we would utilize  an existing source of revenue that we used before--mine reclamation  funds that are currently oversubscribed and are not being used to help  backstop healthcare needs.   So this is a bill that would do an awful lot of good for an awful lot  of people, and we are not coming here just asking without paying for  it. We have a solution on the table so that we can pay for it.   My hope is that the body will come together the same way we did in  2017 to protect these hard-working people and their families and their  widows who have done the hardest work that just about anybody does in  this country and whose bodies have suffered as a result, and they need  to have us having their back.   With that, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   