 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Washington  very much for her courtesy. I will be brief, and I will be very  succinct. In fact, I will be responding to some of the things that  Senator Schatz from Hawaii and others have said on the floor.   I am going to respond to myself. I made a speech here only yesterday,  about 2:30, in which I talked about the frustration that I have and  that most Georgians have with the fact that the government is shut  down, and I talked about who is losing.   We are losing. The government loses more money when it shuts down  than it makes any other time. Shutting down is a losing proposition all  the way around, and we are exemplifying the best way to lose because we  are not doing anything to solve the problem.   I have a solution I am going to propose, specifically, right now. I  am not going to put my name on it to be the lead name. I don't care who  gets the credit. I am ready for some solutions. I am going to talk  about some very serious things right now and some very difficult  things, but we are in a serious, difficult problem. We have serious  problems, and we need serious people to solve them.   In the United States today, at our ports, our airports, and our  highways--every way you can cross the border to come into the United  States of America--we charge fees for all kinds of things, and we have  for years. We have trust funds, like Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund and  things like that. People come across our borders all the time. In  Smuggler's Gulch in San Diego, they come in on an eight-lane highway,  flooding into America in the morning to go to work and flooding out of  America in the afternoon to go home to bed, and we charge for that.   A constituent of mine called me last night, a gentleman I know very  well, who is a very successful businessperson. He said: Johnny, you all  are fighting over this border wall or how you fund it or who gets  credit for it. I saw your speech. Have you ever thought of this?   I listened. I listened, I thought, and I said: You know, I haven't.   I got my staff to get me the information, and it all works. It makes  sense, and I think it would make sense to the American people. I think  it would make sense to the President of the United States, the  Democratic Party, and the Republican Party as well. If we all start  tonight, even, and decide whether we want to sign it or not, we can do  it together. Who gets the credit for it stops, and we fight over  something that makes more sense fighting over than having a border that  leaks and an immigration program that doesn't work.   Here is the idea. We establish a fee in the United States of America  through our ports, through our airports, through all the different ways  you come here. You create a trust fund for that money to go into, and  it is designated for the security of our borders--our Canadian border  and our Mexican border.   That is it. They charge. Someone entering the country pays. If it is  a bus that comes in 10 times a day, you know they don't pay 10 times  the amount that somebody comes in once a day. We will figure that out,  but create a mechanism.   If you use the current mechanisms that are being used to collect  moneys today in our Departments, we would raise $2.5 billion a year  doing that. Did you hear me? $2.5 billion. If we had $2.5 billion, we  wouldn't have a problem anymore.   You could argue over what you build. That doesn't matter when we have  security. Security is what we want. This Senate and House can get  together at the White House, we get in a room, and we say: What do we  want to charge? To whom do we want to give the responsibility? What is  the goal?   The goal is to secure the border--a mechanism to fund securing the  border--and to get off this argument of who is right, whether it is  Democrats or Republicans. We are just arguing about something that  doesn't matter. What matters is the American people. What matters is  how their Representatives are handling their problems. What matters is  what you and I are doing to get this whole argument that is going on  and put it aside.   I am here to tell you, I am throwing an idea out that I think is a  good idea. A very smart man gave it to me. I didn't think of it. I  thought about it all last night. I couldn't think of anything wrong  with it. I am sure somebody will be able to come up with something that  is wrong with it.   It pays for it. We decide where the money goes, and it goes for  security. We don't argue over what type of security because that is not  the issue. The issue is we want it secure.   What we have had is that we have had a couple of leaders who argued  about how you secure it, not whether or not you can secure it. You can  always argue about how. I like pink better than purple, but I don't let  that stop me from buying a black shirt if it is the only shirt I can  get.   It is time we decide what it is we want. We want security. We want to  put the government back to work. We want the American people to get the  benefits they deserve, and we want a mechanism to do it--that is, a  simple mechanism to do it. We already do it everywhere. We do the  passenger facility charge.   The distinguished speaker sitting in the Chair today knows that. He  flies here every week and pays $7.50, I think, per ticket here and per  ticket out. It pays for the security of airports. We do this all over  the place. Let's do it here.   When you ask anybody what is probably the biggest problem in America,  they say the biggest problem is that the American Senate and the  American  [[Page S246]]  House will not sit down and get the work done.   After that, we haven't even opened the door to see if we can find a  solution. This opens the door to a solution. I am telling you, as a  representative from the State of Georgia, representing 10.5 million  people in this Senate, we can solve our problem today--not tomorrow,  but today--with the action of our Finance Committee and our leadership  and the President of the United States, by not deciding who gets credit  or who gets blame but deciding it is time enough for funding games to  be over with. It is time for us to get down to business.   We all took an oath a few months ago when we were sworn in, saying  that is what we wanted to do, and now we are avoiding it every single  day.   I will not take any more time. I know the Senator from Texas is here,  and the lovely Senator from Minnesota is here, and they are two very  good representatives in the Senate of the United States of America.   Don't forget about this idea. I am going to talk about it a lot. I  don't want it to be the Isakson amendment or the Isakson idea. I want  it to be our idea, America's idea. I want to fund it with Americans'  money, to solve America's borders and get our immigration system solved  and get us off of dead center and talking about nothing and mainly down  center lane.   I want to end with what Zell Miller told me. Zell was a Senator at  one time. He beat me for Governor of Georgia in 1990. In our last  debate in that Senate race--it was a pretty good race. I had gotten  pretty close. In fact, if my grandchildren had been old enough, it  would have almost been won by me, if I could embellish the stories a  little more.   At the end of the story, we had a minute each to close our speech. I  closed my remarks with a 1-minute statement. I thought it was pretty  good. Zell leaned back, with that twang of Zell's and said: You know,  ladies and gentlemen, if you see a turtle sitting on a fence post on a  country road, there is one thing you know for sure: He did not get  there by himself.   I know for sure right now we are going nowhere because we are not  talking about the problem. I know for sure that it is time for us to do  the simple thing; that is, to solve it. It is not the hard thing, and  that is to think of other reasons why we can't solve it. I, for one,  will do everything I can do to let the people I am representing here  know I am doing everything I can to get it open. I don't care what we  have done. I am not going to call anybody a name. I am not going to do  anything like that. I am not going to claim it for my idea. I hope  nobody will steal it and claim it for theirs and cause us problems.   Let's just get to work. There is no problem we can't solve that we  don't want to, and there is no problem we can solve if we don't want to  solve it.   God bless you, Mr. President, for presiding today, and God bless the  United States of America.   I yield back the balance of my time.   