 Mr. Chairman, the legislation on the floor today  contains within it the Presidential Tax Transparency Act, a bill that I  lead with our prime sponsor, Representative Anna Eshoo from California.  This legislation requires sitting Presidents as well as future  Presidential and Vice Presidential candidates to release 10 years of  their tax returns.   The manager's amendment is right to add disclosure of returns of any  business in which the candidate is a prime owner.   These commonsense transparency measures will codify into law the  precedence of Presidential candidates releasing their tax returns, a  precedent that goes back to Richard Nixon.   President Trump broke with more than 40 years of this precedent when  he declined to release his tax returns, despite promising to release  them. He has yet to do so, and recent polls show 64 percent of  Americans support their release.   Thanks to the Oversight Committee, we now have on-the-record  testimony in evidence that this President may have committed crimes as  President. Michael Cohen received reimbursement for illegal campaign  contributions from Trump directly. If President Trump wrote these  payments off as a business expense, that would constitute fraud, and  his returns will show that.   In addition, The Trump Organization allegedly inflated their revenue  in financial documents to obtain loans. The business' tax returns would  show whether their profits were accurate or if they filed fraudulent  documents.  [[Page H2402]]    The President's conflicts of interest and finances must be  investigated.   With H.R. 1, we are setting down a marker that we expect standards of  ethics and transparency for all Presidents going forward. With norms  and precedents being shattered daily, Congress must codify certain  norms into law. The law is on our side, 6103.    Mr. Chair, I support H.R. 1 for taking needed steps to  get dark money and foreign money out of our politics; restore voting  rights that are under assault in States around the country; improve our  election security, as you heard the last gentleman say, Bennie  Thompson; and restore integrity to our democratic process.   In too many States, the clock is turning back on voting rights and  election integrity. Voter suppression has become a scourge in our  democracy. For anybody to deny it on this floor, they haven't been in  the country.   Mr. Chair, these reforms are long overdue. I urge my colleagues to  vote ``yes.''   