 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul),  the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), and the Senator from Alabama  (Mr. Shelby).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson),  the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr.  Paul).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran)  would have voted ``yea.''    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, every American has had to deal with  annoying and illegal robocalls. All of us have been interrupted at one  time or another by a robocall's announcing ``You have won a prize'' or  claiming to need important banking information so that our accounts  will not be closed. These calls are a major nuisance. Of course, they  are not just a nuisance. Too many Americans fall victim to  sophisticated robocall scammers and have their money or identities  stolen. These individuals spend months or years struggling to get their  lives back after falling prey to these scammers.   There are currently laws and fines in place to prevent scam artists  from preying on people through the telephone. Unfortunately, these  measures have not been sufficient. In many cases, robocall scammers  simply build the current fines into the cost of doing business, and the  Federal Communications Commission's enforcement efforts are hampered by  a tight time window for pursuing violators.   I have been working on this issue since my time as chairman of the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and at the end of  last year, I introduced the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal  Enforcement and Deterrence Act, or the TRACED Act, with my colleague  Senator Markey.   The Senate passed our bill in May, and last week our bill was passed  by the House of Representatives. The TRACED Act provides tools to  discourage illegal robocalls, protect consumers, crack down on  offenders.   Criminal prosecution of illegal robocallers can be difficult.  Scammers are frequently based abroad and quickly shut down shop before  authorities can get to them, but I believe we need to make sure there  is a credible threat of criminal prosecution and prison for those who  use robocalls to prey upon the elderly and other vulnerable Americans.   The TRACED Act convenes a working group with representatives from the  Department of Justice, the Federal Communications Commission, the  Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce, the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, State attorneys general, and others to  identify ways to criminally prosecute illegal robocalling.   In the meantime, it expands the window in which the FCC can pursue  scammers and levy fines from 1 year to 4 years.   The bill also makes it easier for your cell phone carrier to lawfully  block calls that aren't properly authenticated, which will ultimately  help stop scammers from getting through to your phone in the first  place.   The TRACED Act also tackles the issue of spoof calls, where scammers  make the call appear as if it is coming from some known number.   I remember an article from my home State a couple of years ago that  reported that scammers had successfully spoofed the number of the  Watertown Police Department. To anyone who received a call, it looked  as if it really was the Watertown Police Department calling.   The TRACED Act also addresses the issue of so-called one-ring scams,  where international scammers try to get individuals to return their  calls so they can charge them exorbitant fees, and it directs the  Federal Communications Commission to convene a working group to address  the problem of illegal robocalls being made to hospitals.   There are numerous stories of hospital telephone lines being flooded  with robocalls, disrupting critical lines of communication, literally,  for hours. This can't be allowed to go on.   I want to thank Senator Markey for partnering with me on the TRACED  Act, and my House colleagues for advancing this legislation. I am proud  of the bipartisan support our bill has received in both Houses of  Congress.   One last step remains before we can get this bill to the President's  desk, and that is Senate passage of the final  [[Page S7016]]  bill. I am hoping we can get that done in the coming days so we can get  this bill to the President before Christmas.   While the TRACED Act may not eliminate all of the robocalls Americans  receive, it will go a long way toward making it safe to answer your  phone again.   I look forward to seeing this legislation signed into law in the very  near future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   