 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Let me be clear: protecting workers from workplace violence is a  policy priority that Republicans and Democrats see eye to eye on.  American workers should be kept out of harm's way on the job so they  can return home to their families every day healthy and safe.   Republicans and Democrats appreciate the hard work and empathy that  healthcare workers and community caregivers demonstrate every single  day on the job. Their dedication to caring for the most vulnerable  members of our communities is extraordinary. And these workers deserve  our gratitude, our respect, and our commitment to ensuring that they  are safe on the job.   Today, we can do right by them by working together to address the  critical need for protection and the prevention of violence in the  workplace. Impactful legislation is possible in an effective and  bipartisan manner, but I echo Ranking Member Foxx's observation that  this bill is simply the wrong approach.   While H.R. 1309 stands no chance of becoming law, I believe we have a  real opportunity here to advance legislation that could be enacted and  provide the protections for workers we all desire.   The amendment that I am proposing today recognizes that OSHA, having  noted the hazards and risks that exist with healthcare workers, is  currently advancing the rulemaking process to address this important  issue.  [[Page H9143]]    This amendment would ensure that the regulated community has an  opportunity to provide meaningful comments on a workplace violence  prevention standard which will inform an effective and workable final  regulation before the agency begins enforcement, and it calls on OSHA  to convene the already planned Small Business Regulatory Enforcement  Fairness Act panel before proceeding with the rulemaking process to  allow small businesses the opportunity to comment on regulatory text.   Finally, the amendment would require OSHA to conduct an educational  campaign on workplace violence prevention in the healthcare and social  service industries.   This commonsense amendment acknowledges and supports the work already  underway and protects this progress so that they can further propel  solutions to workplace violence.   Addressing workplace violence prevention is crucial. The Obama  administration delayed action on this issue and first made moves to  initiate a rulemaking process in the final year of President's Obama's  8-year tenure.   Meanwhile, the Department of Labor is working on workplace violence  prevention rulemaking as we speak, and as I said, has initiated the  panel scheduled for January.   We agree there is work to be done, but H.R. 1309 is not the answer. I  ask my colleagues to support my amendment so we can make real,  meaningful steps toward protecting American workers in this industry,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I return the gentleman's respect, and I know  that he has worked long and hard on this. I agree with him that this is  a real problem that is getting worse, but we are not going to make it  better if we pass something in this House that will not get up on the  floor of the Senate and won't be signed by the President. We know it  won't.   I would suggest to the gentleman that this vehicle is how we actually  get something passed and do something for the workers that we care so  much about.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I close by saying this. We need to do something. If we don't enact my  amendment, we are going to end up doing nothing, and I think something  is better than nothing.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   