 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to find information  that will help with the high cost of prescription drugs in the United  States, to help inform this institution and the American public.   Mr. Chair, I have a form of noncurable blood cancer. In my pocket is  a pill I take every day that keeps me alive. It costs $500 a day.   Most of the research that developed this pill was at the Department  of Defense and the National Institutes for Health. American taxpayers  did the basic research.   Earlier today, we had a long hearing in the Committee on Oversight of  a similar situation where most of the development for an HIV lifesaving  drug was developed at the University of California in San Francisco  with NIH funding and no funding from the drug supplier that is now  making billions of dollars.   What my amendment does is direct the Academy of Medicine to get the  information to differentiate what is basic taxpayer healthcare and how  much that contributes to these billions of dollars of profits of  pharmaceutical companies.   It is not to say that these private investments are not good, but are  they low risk and high reward or are they high risk and high reward?  That is to say: Are the investors getting a really high risk based on  what the taxpayers have done in investment?   All this amendment does is direct the Academy of Medicine to come  back with that information.   We hear arguments from our Republican colleagues often that we need  these investments in private-sector pharmaceutical companies. I don't  disagree, but we need to know what portion of it is actually returning  a reasonable rate of return. We want to attract those investments.   Absent this kind of information, it is just a political opinion and  argument. My amendment would get to that information that is so  important to this debate.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would hope that all the Members would  support this amendment. It provides us valuable information by a source  that we all value, the National Academy of Medicine, and it will get to  this argument of my colleagues across the aisle.   If their argument is right, then the public and the Congress will see  it; it will be verified. If it is different--and I believe it is--we  will start looking at the real value of private investment and the  return on investment that is due the American public.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   