 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for really helping  deliver on the promise to work for the people by bringing down the  costs of prescription drugs for all Americans.   This is a historic and much-needed piece of legislation, and I am  proud to be a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and Congress  to bring this bill to the floor.   This past summer, William from Arlington, Texas, came into my  district office because, like so many Americans, William was enrolled  in a Medicare plan and was concerned with the price of his lifesaving  prescriptions. William was worried about the price of his generic  cholesterol medicine. He had been paying $600 a month--$600 a month-- when he went to his local pharmacy to fill his prescription.   I am hearing all this whooping and hollering about all these other  things, protecting these pharmaceutical drug companies, but why is no  one talking about people like William who are having a hard time making  ends meet and they just want some relief when it comes to these  prescription drug prices? That is who we need to be taking care of and  defending in this debate.   Many seniors across the country are living like William. They are on  fixed incomes. They are really having a hard time making ends meet, and  forcing them to choose between paying for their prescription drugs and  their daily necessities is really unacceptable in our country.   That is why I am proud to stand here with my colleagues today to  voice support for H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now  Act. I am proud this legislation will ensure Medicare beneficiaries  will be covered on things like vision, dental, and hearing benefits.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman very much for yielding  me additional time.   Again, I am just proud that the version of this bill that will help  our low-income residents all across this country will be passed into  law.   There are so many other things that I could talk about, but I just  have to tell you, in closing, there are people who are out there  hurting. They are making life-and-death decisions every day and having  to choose between whether or not they are going to eat or  [[Page H10104]]  pay for their prescription drugs. This is unacceptable in this country.    