 Madam President, I rise today because it is my honor to  introduce my colleague, who actually needs no introduction, but for  this speech today I have the pleasure to introduce Kevin Cramer, who  will be delivering his official maiden address to the U.S. Senate.   I have known Kevin for many years and he has always been an  incredibly  [[Page S7071]]  diligent worker for the people of North Dakota. He has served our State  in many different capacities. He served as tourism director and did a  tremendous job promoting our State, promoting tourism, and, really,  promoting the beauty and the history of our State in a way that brought  a lot of national attention and really made a difference in terms of  tourism for our State.   He also served our State as economic development director, something  that is certainly near and dear to my heart. I have always believed  that job creation is job one, and so, to me, that is the engine that  drives the car. Kevin served as the economic development director under  Governor Schafer, my predecessor, and, again, did a fantastic job. He  knows the importance of supporting our farmers and our small  businesses, the energy industry, and all the things that really make  our State go, and he has been a huge part of helping to create an  environment in our State that, from a tax and a regulatory environment,  has been very supportive of the growth and development of our economy  and all aspects of our economy--as I say, from ag to energy, to  technology, to manufacturing and throughout the small business world-- and, like me, he is a true champion for small business. We are big  believers that small business is what makes this economy go. Whether it  is North Dakota or the United States of America, it is small business  that makes our economy go.   As Governor, I had the opportunity to appoint Kevin to our State's  public service commission in 2003, and he followed that and ran and was  elected to the PSC by the people of North Dakota and served as the  public service commissioner for the State until 2012. Certainly, in  that role he was a big part of the growth and development of our State.   Back in 2000, when I started as Governor, we produced less than  100,000 barrels of oil a day. Today, we now produce more than 1.5  million barrels of oil a day. The only State that produces more oil  than North Dakota is Texas, and Kevin was a big part of building that  climate where the industry just developed amazing technologies and this  whole shale play came to be. Of course, now the United States is the  largest producer of oil and gas in the world.   So he truly understands that you have to help to promote that kind of  economic development, but, at the same time, there is a reasonable role  for regulation and things have to be done right and well and with good  environmental stewardship.   Prior to joining me in the Senate, Kevin served for three terms in  the House of Representatives, where we worked together on many of our  State's priorities. We share the same beliefs in not only our great  State but in this great country, and we certainly had a tremendous  working relationship in the House and now, of course, I am pleased to  have him as a colleague in the Senate.   We both served as members of the farm bill conference committee a  year ago and were able to put in place a strong farm bill for our  farmers and ranchers.   We both work to rein in regulation, as I said, to grow our economy,  and to support our military. He is a member of the Armed Services  Committee and also the Veterans' Affairs Committee and has already  passed a resolution supporting our veterans with his Battle of the  Bulge resolution, which has been passed by this body.   These are just a few of the things that he has already done as a  Member of the U.S. Senate.   He has been a dedicated public servant for the people of North  Dakota. He is also a very devoted family man. He and his wife Kris have  three sons--Isaac, Ian, and Abel--and two daughters--Rachel and Annie.  They are the proud grandparents of five. Now, I have him by one. I have  six, but this is a competition. So we will see where it ends up.   He has a great family and has been a great partner in the Senate,  and, of course, I look forward to continuing to work with him.   Again, I am very pleased today to introduce Senator Kevin Cramer for  this speech.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I would just like to say how much I  appreciate Senator Cramer, the working relationship that we have, not  just here but a working relationship that goes back many, many years.  As you can tell, he speaks very well, but what comes through is not  only his commitment to his family and his faith, but his commitment to  the people of North Dakota and his commitment to the people of this  country.   It doesn't matter what issue he is working on. He takes the time to  listen to everybody, and he is always willing to explain where he is  coming from and why he comes to the conclusion he does. But there is no  question, he loves his faith; he loves his family; he loves his State;  and he loves this country.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S7074]]    