 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I sit here every Thursday from 3 o'clock to  6 o'clock and hear several speeches that are made. I happen to sit on  the Budget Committee with Chairman Enzi. I hope everyone listened  carefully to what he just said. The Comptroller General was in  yesterday.   One of the reasons I ran for Senate is that being a Main Street  entrepreneur from Indiana, you never could have gotten by with the way  this place runs its business. The Federal Government is somewhere  around six to seven times the size of Walmart and runs its business by  the seat of its pants, in the sense that we have not done a budget that  we have appropriated in nearly 20 years.   If you listened closely, you know we have some hard deadlines. The  chairman referred to it as cliffs. Well, sometimes that is so  figurative that you don't believe it is going to happen or that it is  going to be real. These are things we are going to have to contend  with.   When the Medicare fund is depleted fully in 2026, benefits get cut  immediately. Social Security is farther down the trail, and there are  going to be all kinds of issues. We are lucky, currently, that other  countries and our own citizens will lend us money when we run trillion- dollar deficits routinely.   He mentioned the ``Penny Plan.'' In any business, if you were charged  with fixing your company's problems by cutting back by either freezing  expenses by a 1-percent cut or a 2-percent cut, that would be done  easily because you have hard accountability. If you would perform in a  business or a State government like we do here, I can guarantee you  there wouldn't be a lender that would let you perpetuate and keep doing  it. The fact that we have a credit card that we can put it on year  after year eliminates the accountability that you have anywhere else.   I was on a school board for 10 years. I was in State government in  Indiana, where we always have a cash balance and operate in the black  and have a balanced budget. Even though we do that so routinely there,  we passed a balanced budget amendment to our State constitution simply  because government, even in a place like Indiana, oftentimes views how  they spend the people's money different, and this place does it worse  than any other place in the country.   So do we want to get to the point where we deplete the Medicare trust  fund and where we run out of funds to pay pensioners or do we want to  make the hard decisions?   It is funny. When I got here, I looked at the budget process.  Budgets, even though they are not adhered to, might be a resolution,  and it is not the law. Always, even if they do incorporate savings, you  never see it until year 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10. Well, again, in the real  world, if you are running at a 20-percent loss on your P&L, you do not  have the luxury to wait 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 years to fix it.   I ask the American public to hold their Senators accountable and  their congressmen, because this time, unlike in 2008, which we all know  was bad enough, the main people holding the bag will be retirees and  the elderly who depend on the government for healthcare, and  individuals who depend on healthcare who are not well to do, through  Medicaid, will be left holding the bag.   Only 22 Republicans--it should have been all 53 of us who were on the  Penny Plan bill that Senator Paul put out just a few weeks ago, but  only 22 of our own conference, which talks about fiscal conservatism-- got on that bill. I would hope that the American public holds their  representatives accountable so that we don't hit the cliff and go over  it and pay the consequences, which will be dear.   I yield the floor.   