 Mr. President, what we heard this week from my  Democratic colleagues on healthcare is more of the same--more  fearmongering and more misinformation.   The issue this week is about what is called 1332 waivers. These  waivers allow States flexibility in how they implement healthcare  programs. It is a simple concept. Every State is different. Every State  should have the flexibility to design their healthcare programs and  regulations in a way to best meet the needs of their citizens.   As a former Governor I know how important this is. Top-down, one- size-fits-all Federal healthcare programs increase costs and aren't the  way to best serve the needs of the American people. Even the Democrats  realized that when they passed ObamaCare. They created the 1332 waiver  for State innovation.   As Governor, I used a similar waiver authority, an 1115 Medicaid  waiver to reform our Medicaid system and transition it from a fee-for- service to a managed care system. This resulted in lower costs to  taxpayers and better service and access for Florida families--a win- win.   These waivers work, and if you believe in States' rights, these  waivers are the way to give States the opportunity to provide better  healthcare to their citizens. But here is the problem: The Democrats  don't believe in States' rights or allowing State taxpayers and  citizens any flexibility to provide better healthcare services to their  citizens. The Democrats want these top-down, one-size-fits-all Federal  programs. If there is choice and flexibility, they want to restrict it.  It is how Big Government works, and the Democrats love Big Government,  restrictive mandates, and socialism.   When the Democrats are not attacking Republicans for trying to  dismantle ObamaCare, the Democrats turn around to their supporters and  talk about their efforts to replace ObamaCare.   They don't want to keep ObamaCare programs as they are. They know  ObamaCare is not working. They want to replace it with Medicare for  All,  [[Page S6348]]  which would be the biggest expansion of government healthcare in  history. By some estimates, Medicare for All would cost more than $30  trillion over 10 years. This one program would double the Federal  budget and would require massive tax increases on each and every man,  woman, and child in America.   Right now, we collect $3 trillion in Federal revenue. Medicare for  All would require everyone's Federal taxes to more than double.  Coincidentally, the Congressional Budget Office has so far been unable  to do an official score of the Medicare for All bill. I have asked the  sponsor of the bill, the junior Senator from Vermont, who happens to be  the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee, to join me in  requesting the CBO score for his bill. So far, crickets.   Why wouldn't the Senator want a score of his bill? It is because the  Democrats don't want you to know how much it would cost. They don't  want you to know how many people would lose the employer-sponsored  healthcare they have and like. They don't want you to know how much  taxes would have to go up.   Medicare for All is the Democrats' dream: every American on a  government-run healthcare program, every American reliant on the  Federal Government for their healthcare. Any effort to undermine this  goal is anathema to them.   So this week they are going after 1332 waivers and claiming they  somehow undermine protections for people with preexisting conditions.  The Senate Democratic leader claimed yesterday that these waivers are  an effort to ``sabotage healthcare for millions.''   I find that statement interesting. I wonder what Democratic Governor  Jared Polis of Colorado thinks of the Democratic leader's claim that he  is trying to sabotage healthcare. His State used these 1332 waivers to  offer healthcare plans to best meet the needs of Coloradans. They have  seen premiums go down by 16 percent.   I wonder what Democratic Governor John Carney of Delaware would say?  His State also used this waiver and has seen premiums drop by 13  percent.   I wonder what Democratic Governor Gina Raimondo of Rhode Island would  say? Premiums in her State have gone down 6 percent since they got  their 1332 waiver.   Contrary to the misinformation from the Democratic leader, these  waivers do not eliminate protections for people with preexisting  conditions. These core protections, which I strongly support, remain  unchanged.   This is personal to me. My brother grew up with a preexisting  condition, and my mother had to drive 200 miles to a charity hospital  just to get treatment for him. The Democrats are misrepresenting the  facts about 1332 waivers because they realize they are losing the  argument.   Remember the ObamaCare promise: You can keep your insurance plan,  your doctor, and every family will save $2,500. ObamaCare only  benefited hospitals, insurance companies, and the pharmaceutical  industry. That is why they originally supported it. But for the average  American, millions lost their insurance and their doctors, premiums  skyrocketed, deductibles skyrocketed. The result is that while more  people have healthcare insurance, fewer people have access to  healthcare. Now they want to double down with Medicare for All.   There are three problems with our current healthcare system, all  caused by government: cost, cost, and cost. None of the Democrats'  proposals would do a thing to address the cost of healthcare. Their  proposals only make the problem worse. Keep that in mind as you listen  to the Democrats' fearmongering on healthcare. They have to  misrepresent information because they can't defend their own position.   The American people don't want and can't afford Medicare for All. We  need to reduce healthcare costs and provide a safety net for those who  cannot afford their healthcare, not create a Federal Government- organized healthcare market, which causes healthcare costs to  skyrocket.   Giving flexibility to the States is an easy way to increase access  and quality of care for the American people. So, of course, Democrats  oppose that--except for the Democratic Governors who are doing it every  day.   If you needed any more evidence of how out of touch Washington  Democrats have become, look no further than their criticism and their  vote against Democratic Governors for supporting good policies that  make sense.   Enough with the misrepresentations, enough with the nonsense, enough  with the fearmongering. The American people deserve better.   Let's work together to lower the cost of healthcare so that all  taxpayers can get the care they need at a price they can afford.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   