 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Dunn for  yielding. I appreciate his taking the initiative to bring folks  together to discuss, unfortunately, the need to address the disasters  across America.   Madam Speaker, representing one of the most rural districts in  America, we have a lot of natural resources, among them, a lot of  rivers, a lot of miles of river in Nebraska.   Not so long ago, conditions were such that the rivers flooded in the  central and eastern part of Nebraska. In the west, a blizzard hit with  the bomb cyclone, and it created massive damage. The chunks of ice  flowing down rivers took out a dam, probably the first dam to break due  to ice floes and the chunks of ice.   It has been tragic. There has been loss of human life, certainly the  loss of livestock.   The initial estimates are about $400 million in infrastructure damage  and another roughly $1 billion in damage to crops and livestock.   I appreciate the fact that President Trump moved quickly on Governor  Ricketts' request for the disaster declaration.   We are working together among the Nebraska delegation, both Senators  and all three House Members, to make sure that we articulate the needs  of not only Nebraskans, but when you remove agriculture products, as is  the case, ultimately, consumers will likely be impacted.   This is something we should always keep in mind because everyone  needs to eat. When we lose the channels of supply for agriculture  products, that is bound to increase the cost of food.   When you look at the storm, the bomb cyclone that hit, it probably  couldn't have happened at a worse time of year, right in the middle of  calving season.   It is a devastating condition here.   I do appreciate the fact that so many producers--I talked to one  today. Instead of a 30-minute commute for a drive to work, they have to  go 95 miles one way to work, because the bridge is out. When one bridge  is out in rural Nebraska, that takes a few miles to make up for that.   I think we are resilient. Ag operators are resilient, so they are  looking up. But we are concerned that, here in the next few weeks, in  fact, there is another storm forecasted for later this week where folks  are bracing for perhaps even more damage. Hopefully, we can get through  this.   Again, I appreciate this opportunity to share what the needs are in  Nebraska. I will be introducing legislation to extend a number of tax  provisions often provided to disaster areas to cover this year's  disasters. I hope we can offer that support to disasters from last year  as well, since we are discussing this evening multiple disasters from  last year and this year.   Madam Speaker, again, I appreciate this opportunity.   