 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S190]]     Madam President, Democrats continue to talk about the need  to fully reopen the government, and I cannot agree with them more. It  is time to end this partial shutdown and get the government fully  operating again. But there is a problem. Democrats may talk a lot about  the need to reopen the government, but they are not willing to do the  work that would be required to actually get the government open.   In a divided government, negotiation and compromise are essential. If  you want to get something done in a divided government, you have to  compromise. But that doesn't seem to be something the Democrats  understand. For Democrats, it is ``my way or the highway.'' They won't  give an inch. They want their way, and they want their way only. All of  us would like to get our proposals passed exactly as we want them, with  no changes, but we all know that is unrealistic. If you want to get  something done, you usually have to compromise.   The White House has a strongly held position but has also made it  very clear that it is willing to be flexible and negotiate with  Democrats, but the Democrats refuse to play ball, and they continue to  hold parts of the Federal Government hostage.   We just heard our colleague from New York, the Democratic leader,  suggest that it should be Republican leader Senator McConnell's job to  solve this problem, but the fact is--and we all know this--the  negotiation in this circumstance has to be between the President of the  United States and the Democrats in the Senate and the House who have  refused to budge on that position.   The Republican leader has made it very clear that as soon as the  President is willing to sign something and the Democrats here are  willing to produce enough votes to give us the 60 votes that are  necessary to pass it in the Senate and the House, he will move a bill  through the Senate that we can get to the President and end this  shutdown, get the government open again, and fund border security,  which is an important priority for our country and for our national  security interests.   That is a position which, until recently, was also held by the  Democrats. As recently as December, the Democratic leader indicated  that to solve this budget stalemate, this impasse we seem to be having,  we needed to have the support of the leaders in both the House and the  Senate and the President before either Chamber should vote on  legislation. He suggested that the President needed to come out  publicly in support of it--in other words, to indicate he would sign  any legislation that might move.   So that is where we are. It is not a function of the Republican  leader's. The Republican leader is prepared to produce the votes that  are necessary to pass legislation to reopen the government. It is  entirely dependent upon the President of the United States, who must  sign that bill into law, and the Democrats here in the Senate, who have  to produce the requisite number of Democrats to get the 60 votes that  are required to pass it in the Senate. That is where we are.   Frankly, right now, there isn't a negotiation going on. The  Democrats' refusal to negotiate is victimizing the very workers they  want to protect. The Federal workers who are struggling right now are  struggling precisely because Democrats are refusing to work with this  President, and that has a lot more to do with politics than it has to  do with the issue itself.   Democrats need to negotiate with the White House to reopen the  government, but they should also want to work with the White House on  border security solutions. Border security is a national security  imperative. No country can be secure if dangerous individuals can creep  across its borders unchecked and unobserved, and Democrats used to  understand this.   In 2006, the Democratic leader and the ranking member of the Senate  Judiciary Committee voted for legislation to authorize a border fence.  They were joined in their vote by then-Senator Biden, then-Senator  Clinton, and then-Senator Obama.   In 2013, every Senate Democrat--every Senate Democrat--supported  legislation requiring the completion of a 700-mile fence along our  southern border. This legislation would have provided $46 billion for  border security and $8 billion specifically for a physical barrier.   As recently as last year, nearly every Senate Democrat supported $25  billion in border security.   My point is that the Democrats in the Senate have in the past  recognized the importance, No. 1, of securing the border and, No. 2,  how important a physical barrier is as a part of the solution to  securing our border--not entirely dependent upon a border wall but  certainly a part of that solution, to include technological solutions,  manpower, additional personnel, cameras, censors, all the modern  technology that we have, but in certain places recognizing that the  fence works. The fence has worked. There is already 700 miles of fence  on the southern border.   I would point out that in 2009, the Senate Democratic leader said in  a speech that ``any immigration solution must recognize that we must do  as much as we can to gain control of our borders as soon as possible.''  That was in 2009 from the Senate Democratic leader. He went on to  discuss, interestingly enough, progress that had been made on border  security between 2005 and 2009, including ``construction of 630 miles  of border fence that create a significant barrier to illegal  immigration on our southern land border.'' That from the Democratic  leader in 2009, again crediting the construction of 630 miles of border  fence that creates a significant barrier to illegal immigration on our  southern land border. In other words, in 2009, the Democratic leader  not only didn't oppose border fences, he praised them.   The fact is, our border is not secure. Tens of thousands of  individuals try to cross our southern border illegally each month.  Illegal drugs flow into this country through ports of entry and other  unsecured areas of the border. Federal agents have seen a 115-percent  increase in the amount of fentanyl seized between ports of entry, and  90 percent of the heroin supply in this country flows across our  southern border. There is human trafficking, weapons trafficking, and  more.    We need better border security, including more barriers, technology,  and personnel along our southern border. We don't know who is coming  into our country and why. We need to ensure that we keep criminals,  traffickers, terrorists, and dangerous goods out of this country.   House majority leader Steny Hoyer was asked about the Democrats'  flip-flop on border security and whether there is any real difference  between what they supported in the past and what they are opposing now.  He said: ``I don't have an answer that I think is a really good  answer.''   ``I don't have an answer that I think is a really good answer.''  Well, Madam President, at least that is honest. Democrats don't have a  good answer because there is no real difference between what they have  supported in the past and what they are opposing right now.   Before Christmas, I came to the floor to talk about the divided  government we would be dealing with in 2019 and 2020. I noted that  divided government doesn't have to spell the doom of productivity. In  fact, over the past 30-plus years, some of our greatest legislative  achievements have been the product of divided government. But I also  noted that in order for us to be productive in the 116th Congress,  Democrats would have to decide to work with us. So far, they have  decided not to.   In addition to refusing to negotiate on border security, Senate  Democrats have also blocked the Senate from considering legislation to  support Israel's security, strengthen our relationship with our  Jordanian allies, and hold accountable individuals who participate in  the atrocities of the Assad regime in Syria.   Despite our divided government, we can still accomplish important  things for the American people, but it is going to require an about- face from Democrats, who have so far made the 116th Congress about  partisanship and their hostility to this President.   It is time for Democrats to stop talking about reopening the  government and to take steps that would actually do so by committing to  real negotiations with the White House. Then and  [[Page S191]]  only then can we get past this impasse, get the government open and  functioning, and address what is a critical and important national  security imperative for our country, and that is ensuring that our  southern border is secure.   It is not about Republicans in the Senate. It is about the President  of the United States, for whom this is a huge priority, something he is  passionate about doing and a commitment he made to the American people.  And it is about the Democrats here in the Senate--and in the House but  here in the Senate, where it takes 60 votes to pass anything--sitting  down across the table from the President in good faith and dealing with  what usually happens in circumstances like this, and that is to  negotiate an agreement for both sides, give a little bit, have a little  give-and-take.   As I mentioned, the President has been very flexible and very open to  sitting down with Democrats. In the discussions I have been a part of,  he has demonstrated his willingness to compromise. But I have yet to  see a single step by the Democrats here in the Senate or in the House,  in their leadership, a single move, a single inch of movement in the  direction of trying to solve this problem. Instead, they seem bent on  turning it into a political issue. That is not good for the American  people. It is certainly not good for those employees who are struggling  out there because they are not being paid and certainly not good for  the crisis we face at our southern border and the security threat that  poses for the American people.   I hope we will do better. We can do better, but it is going to  require negotiation. It is going to require a willingness to sit down  at the table in good faith and to get discussions going about how we  solve this important problem.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   