 Madam Speaker, I thank my kind colleague from  Missouri for this opportunity.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1865, which will give our  law enforcement officers and their long honorable history the  recognition that they so deserve.   The National Law Enforcement Museum Commemorative Coin Act will have  the Treasury, as was mentioned earlier, mint a commemorative coin in  recognition of the newly opened National Law Enforcement Museum here in  Washington, D.C. The proceeds collected from the sale of this coin will  be given to the museum to support its operations.   As you know, Madam Speaker, millions come from around the world to  visit our Nation's Capital every year. They learn about our culture,  our history, and our founding principles. Now, they may also visit the  National Law Enforcement Museum to learn about our heroic police  officers who dedicated  [[Page H8507]]  their lives and, in too many instances, made the supreme sacrifice  laying down their lives in order to keep their community safe.   As a former sheriff of Jacksonville, Florida, I saw the personal  sacrifices and brave actions by countless officers under my command.  Law enforcement officers around the country put on the uniform every  day and they head out to protect their community, willing to sacrifice  their life for their friends and neighbors. Sadly, too many of those  officers do not return home from their shift.   So far this year, 99 officers have lost their lives in the line of  duty, offering their full measure of devotion to their community. This  bill will ensure that their stories be told for generations to come.   I thank my good friend, Congressman Pascrell from New Jersey, co- chair of the Law Enforcement Caucus. His support, respect, and true  concern for law enforcement across this country is greatly appreciated  by all of those organizations and men and women that he just listed.   Madam Speaker, I hope that all of my colleagues will join me today in  supporting our brave law enforcement officers across this country and  pass this important bill.   