 Madam President, I rise to speak today on S. 1689, which  passed last night.   Yesterday, this body unanimously voted to pass my legislation that  could give States greater flexibility in how they use Federal funding  for water projects. This bill is a tool to help communities in New  Jersey and other States remove lead from their drinking water.   We have a national crisis. It is a crisis we are seeing all over the  country.   I first wrote this legislation after a study was released last year  that found lead leaching into the drinking water of my home city,  Newark, NJ. Since then, I have been trying to get our State the Federal  resources it needs to upgrade our aging water infrastructure.   After it wasn't included in last year's end-of-the-year spending  bill, I introduced it as a stand-alone bill and pushed its passage  through the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, with  bipartisan support, earlier this summer.   While the bill has been waiting to pass here in the Senate, the  residents of my city, my neighbors, my family, and others have had to  deal with additional concerns of exposure to lead in our drinking  water.   Local, State, and Federal officials have been working almost  literally around the clock to bring residents answers they deserve,  answers they demand. I have repeatedly pushed the Federal Government,  and the EPA in particular, to provide more resources to Newark in every  way I can. I have been making calls and writing letters, hosting  meetings. When I spoke with Administrator Wheeler and then personally  met with EPA in Newark, I reminded them of our shared responsibility in  bringing safe, clean drinking water to residents. This is not just a  national emergency; this is an urgency.   We are waiting for more sampling results right now to better  understand how to address the situation in Newark as quickly as  possible. This legislation will allow Newark, NJ, and all of New Jersey  to have access to upward of $100 million in Federal funds for pressing  drinking water projects.   For the last month, thousands of residents haven't been able to drink  the city's water. As I was handing out bottled water to my neighbors, I  heard how significantly this was affecting the daily routines of my  neighbors and friends and undermining the well-being of my community,  of my city.   Again, I say this is a national urgency, a national emergency,  because the residents of my city are not alone. This crisis is  affecting communities all over the country. In fact, as Reuters  [[Page S5382]]  reported, there are over 3,000 jurisdictions where children in America  have more than twice the blood lead levels of Flint, MI.   These results across our country demonstrate yet again how we have  failed to adequately invest in our Nation's aging infrastructure. In a  Nation as wealthy as ours, clean drinking water should be a basic human  right, and we must act to make that our reality.   The majority of those impacted are low-income, economically  vulnerable people. They are like the neighbors in my community. They  cannot face this health crisis alone. The Federal Government must act.   I am so grateful for the success we have had to help Newark and the  bill we passed together last night, but clearly our work is not done,  and I will not stop until every American has access to clean drinking  water. Clean water and clean air must be an American right.   I want to thank my partner on this legislation, Senator Bob Menendez.  I also want to thank my Senate colleagues, especially Leader Schumer,  Ranking Member Carper, and the chairman of EPW, Chairman Barrasso. I  also want to thank others who are advocating for this critical  legislation and urge the House to take it up immediately--not only to  help New Jersey but communities nationwide.   I am happy that finally the legislation I wrote has now passed this  body, and I am grateful it was done with 100 Senators in accord. We  still have work to do, but this, for me, was affirmation that now  people in the State of New Jersey will have more of the Federal  resources they need to address the crisis. I am encouraged that this  bill was able to be passed and that there is more hope on the horizon  for my city and others like it in New Jersey.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   