 Mr. President, I would like to start by thanking my  friend and colleague from the State of Maryland, Senator Cardin, for  bringing this resolution to the floor of the Senate--as he said, we  will be voting on it tomorrow--but also for his longstanding support  and efforts in trying to protect our environment, to protect the  Chesapeake Bay, and to address the urgent issue of climate change,  which anybody with eyes can see is already having a devastating impact  on communities throughout our country and, indeed, throughout the  world.   I am also very pleased to be here with our colleague, the Senator  from Rhode Island, Mr. Whitehouse, who has made this such an important  cause and has kept the Senate focused on this pressing issue.   As Senator Cardin indicated, under the previous administration, under  the leadership of President Obama, as a country we adopted something  known as the Clean Power Plan rule. This was a historic step forward.  It was a blueprint to create more good-paying jobs in the clean energy  sector. In fact, we have seen a tremendous growth of those jobs in the  area of solar and wind power and other jobs.   That Clean Power Plan rule, under the Obama administration, also  really addressed the issue of carbon pollution in the atmosphere,  beginning to reduce it significantly, to offset the damage and real  costs we are already experiencing in communities from that climate  change.   As Senator Cardin said, this is an area where there are huge  communities, if our country moves forward, in the area of clean energy  jobs. Right now, with this new Trump administration action, we are  ceding the playing field to China, which is happily seizing the  initiative and moving forward and creating more and more jobs in the  clean energy sector. If we don't wake up, we are going to lose that  important global competition in the vital sector to China, which has  established a goal of dominating the area of clean energy technologies  by 2025.   Instead of building on the progress of the Obama administration, on  June 19, the Trump administration decided to repeal and roll back these  important rules that have been put in place and substitute them with  something that, in the worst case, actually makes the situation much  worse than even before these Trump rules and, at the very least, is a  huge retreat from the progress we were headed toward under the rules of  the previous administration.   Let me just point out the analysis that was done by a very good  organization called Resources for the Future. They looked at their  analysis of this Trump proposal, which I agree with Senator Cardin is  better termed the ``Trump dirty power plan,'' and they concluded it  would do very little, if anything, to address climate change and would  have an adverse air quality impact in many of our States.   Some people may recall when the Trump version of this power plan, the  ``dirty power plan,'' was released last year, people looked at the  EPA's own analysis of that rule, and it showed that 1,630 of our fellow  Americans would die prematurely under the Trump provisions compared to  the Obama-era provisions.   So when the Trump administration released this most recent version of  their amended plan back in June, they made it really difficult to put  together all the data so people would not be able to connect the dots  in many of these areas, but Senator Cardin has presented some of the  results of this. I want to emphasize those and put them in somewhat  different terms, which is, what does the Trump rule accomplish compared  to the Obama rule on some of these issues?   So with respect to carbon dioxide emissions, the Trump rule would  reduce carbon dioxide emissions, carbon pollution emissions, by 2.7  percent of what the Obama administration would have done--2.7 percent  of what the rule they are replacing would have done.   With respect to sulfur dioxide, the Trump plan reduces sulfur dioxide  emissions by only 1.9 percent of what the Obama administration's rule  would have done.   When it comes to nitrous oxide, the Trump proposal, the Trump plan,  reduces nitrous oxide by only 2.5 percent compared to what the Obama  provisions would have done.   If you take all of these together, you can see it is a really anemic  proposal that takes us way backward compared to where we were. That is  why I support Senator Cardin's efforts on the floor, with the vote  tomorrow, to say no, to say no to the Trump administration's efforts to  roll back the progress on clean air, to roll back the progress on clean  water because a lot of that pollution settles in places like the  Chesapeake Bay, and to roll back progress on climate change, which we  know is hitting our communities as we speak.   I want to give some additional Maryland examples here. The Baltimore  Sun ran a story a little while back about the staggering costs that  Maryland and Marylanders would have to pay to build seawalls to protect  communities from sea level rise. A study from the Institute for  Governance & Sustainable Development found that in the coming decades,  seawalls to protect thousands of homes, businesses, and farmlands from  Ocean City to Baltimore City will cost more than $27 billion--$27  billion.   We have also seen dramatic flooding in the city of Annapolis that is  already hurting the Naval Academy. This past week, we just had a famous  national boat show, and in the middle of this boat show, there was huge  flooding in the city of Annapolis. The costs to the city and that  community are rising rapidly and have been well-documented.   I ask my colleagues to support Senator Cardin's motion. Let's not go  backward. Let's not go backward in terms of protecting our air. Let's  not go backward in terms of the battle against climate change because  going backward means less good jobs in America, it means more dirty air  and more asthma, and it means ceding this important area to China and  others in the global economy.   I urge my colleagues to support the motion of Senator Cardin.   I yield the floor.   