 Mr. President, earlier this week I introduced the  bipartisan Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act of 2019, and the  acronym for that is RESA, or R-E-S-A.   I am pleased to be joined by my colleague, Ranking Member Wyden of  the Finance Committee, in introducing this very important piece of  legislation. The workplace retirement system provides an effective way  for employees to save for retirement. Not all workers have access to  retirement plans, and some workers who have access to a plan don't  always participate.   The committee felt that we needed to do more to encourage and  facilitate retirement savings. That is why we are providing new  incentives for employers to adopt retirement plans. The bill also helps  to reduce costs of operating these plans and creates new provisions to  encourage workers to plan and to save for retirement.   This bill has been a long time in the making. Work on it actually  began shortly after the passage of the Pension Protection Act of 2006.  So when I say a long time, if it actually started back there at that  time, that is 13 years ago.   Over several Congresses, the Finance Committee has held hearings on  the retirement system and reviewed a number of proposals to improve the  system. Many ideas were put forward. We examined each of them  carefully, including through the work of the Finance Committee's Tax  Reform Working Group on Savings and Investment, which did most of its  work during the year 2015.   The resulting proposals were brought together to form this bill that  we call RESA. It was unanimously approved by the Finance Committee in  2016. In the last Congress, many of us worked closely with former  Senator Hatch, and chairman at that time, to advance this package. We  came very close to an agreement last December, but, as a lot of times  happens at the end of the year, it fell short due to politics and the  process at that time. Passage of this important bill remains a top  priority for me. I have continued working closely with Senator Wyden,  the ranking Democrat, other committee members, and even colleagues in  the House to maintain the momentum from the end of last year so that  improvements in this bill can be signed into law without further delay.   The RESA bill would reform our retirement savings laws in several  important areas. For example, it would improve on an existing type of  plan called a multiple employer plan, or as we say in finance, MEP. The  bill would expand these plans so that employers can join together to  sponsor a single retirement plan for their workers. These open MEPs  would make it far more feasible for businesses of all sizes, and  especially small businesses, to offer retirement plans by harnessing  economies of scale and reducing unnecessary administrative burdens on  employers.   More importantly, these open MEPs would open the door for millions of  Americans to save for retirement. Speaking of small businesses, the  bill includes provisions designed to make it easier and more cost- effective for smaller employers to sponsor a retirement plan. Small  businesses, farms, and ranches, are, of course, vital to our economy.  We need to encourage a level playing field so that workers and small  businesses throughout our country have equal access to retirement plans  as workers at Fortune 500 companies have.   RESA also would create a new fiduciary safe harbor for employers that  allow employees to invest in lifetime-income arrangements like  annuities. In addition, the bill would expand the portability of  retirement plan assets, including those annuities. That would allow  workers, then, to keep their retirement savings when they change jobs  throughout their career.   This bill encourages employers to provide the kinds of tools and  flexibility that employees need to plan for a financially secure  retirement. RESA also would help employees to add to their retirement  savings each year through automatic increases in contributions to  401(k) plans. Also, to help workers plan better for retirement, the  legislation would require employers to provide an estimate of how much  the employee's account would provide during retirement if the employee  invested the balance in an annuity.   All of this is intended to help individuals get on the path of saving  for a secure retirement during their working years, but it is also with  an eye toward making sure that their savings will last once they  retire. I should also note that this bill is paid for.   This is the pay-for. The main offsetting provision involves an option  under current law for a person to pass along his or her IRA or 401(k)  account to a family member or other beneficiary. Under current law, the  recipient of that account can keep the inherited funds in the tax- deferred account and save for their own retirement if they take out a  required minimum amount each year. That is often referred to as a  ``stretch IRA.''   The bill maintains this savings option for people who inherit an IRA  or retirement account, but it places a limit on how large an account  can be inherited on a tax-protected basis. This is a commonsense  approach to encourage the next generation to save for retirement while  ensuring that the changes in this bill are fiscally responsible.   Retirement security is a very important topic that is already getting  a great deal of attention this year. The House Ways and Means Committee  considered a retirement savings bill yesterday that is built on the  provisions included in RESA, and I look forward to working with  Chairman Neal of the House Ways and Means Committee to reconcile our  bills and to get a final package to the President's desk.   So, in closing, I want to sum by stressing that increasing long-term  savings in America is critically important. We know that there are ways  that we can improve our private retirement system to make it easier for  Americans to save. The reforms in this bill represent a very important  step forward in improving Americans' retirement security.   I know that there are other Members with additional ideas for  improving retirement security. I want those Members to know that  regardless of this bill's passing, we are ready to consider those  proposals and advancing those that will build on RESA and will help to  attain the goal of ensuring that all Americans achieve a security  retirement.   I yield the floor.   