 Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleague from Iowa  for her comments and also for her organizing this event this afternoon.  This is an opportunity for us to talk not only about some of the things  we have done in the U.S. Congress that are positive in terms of  addressing the largest drug crisis we have ever faced in our country  but also about what we need to do going forward and how we need to keep  our eye on the ball to be sure that we don't see more addiction coming,  that we don't see some of these new dangers--like crystal meth and  other drugs--coming up.   Again, I thank my colleague from Iowa. Iowa has been hard-hit; so has  Ohio. In fact, in 2017, our opioid overdose rate was about three times  the national average. We have, unfortunately, been in the top five in  terms of overdose deaths for most of the last 10 years. We have had  nearly a dozen Ohioans dying from these dangerous drugs every single  day. This has now surpassed car accidents as the No. 1 cause of death  in my home State of Ohio.   What has happened is, since 2017, with a lot of work from a lot of  people on the ground, with some help from Washington--about $4 billion  in new funding that this body has approved and taken the lead on--we  have begun to make progress.   Last year, in 2018, Ohio had a 22-percent reduction in overdose  deaths. This leads the country in reductions, and we are proud of that  because of the lives that have been saved. But we also realize that we  came from such a high mark, high watermark, that it is important for us  to keep the pressure on to continue to make progress.   What has happened in Ohio is what is happening around the country,  which is the SUPPORT Act, which was signed into law by the President  just about 1 year ago, and other legislation, like the Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act--the CARA legislation--and also the State  Opioid Response grants, have started to work.   I see the Senator from Missouri is on the floor today. What they have  done in the Appropriations Committee to fund these projects is making a  huge difference back home. I have spent a lot of my time working with  the community organizations, talking to addicts and recovering addicts.  I have talked to a couple thousand in the last couple of years alone. I  will tell you, it is working. What is working are more innovative  programs back home to close some of these gaps.   Recently, I had the opportunity to go out with the RREACT team in  Columbus, OH. They are being funded with a grant of about $800,000 from  the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the CARA legislation.  Again, this has been funded by the Appropriations Committee, actually,  at above its authorized level.   It is working. They are closing an obvious gap, which was that people  were overdosing, getting Narcan. Our brave first responders were saving  their lives, and then those people were going back to the community  they were from--back to the same family or the same group of friends-- and, unfortunately, with the addiction not having been addressed, they  were overdosing again and, sometimes, again and again and again.   Often, these first responders--the firefighters back home--will tell  you: We were saving the same person time and again. Some of that is  still happening, but what the RREACT team does when there is an  overdose and when Narcan is supplied--this miracle drug to reverse the  effects of the overdose--then there is followup. Of course, we should  have done it years ago, but we are now doing it. I am proud to say, in  my home town of Cincinnati, OH, Colerain Township, much of this was  started, but now it is spreading around the country.   The Columbus RREACT team is one of the best. They go out with  firefighters, EMS personnel, with law enforcement, plainclothes, with  social workers, with treatment providers, to the family, to the home-- and I have gone out with them; I have gone to the homes and met with  these addicts--and they say: Look, we are here to help. We are not here  to arrest you, but we are here to say that you need to get into  treatment.   Unbelievably--and a lot of people are skeptical of this. Here is an  addict; why would they come forward? But in about 80 percent of the  cases, in terms of the RREACT team, these individuals say: Do you know  what? OK, I will try it.   That is the first step. That is the critical first step--to get into  treatment and then longer term recovery and begin to turn that person's  life around, as well as that person's family and that person's  community because it has devastated all of the above.   This is what is happening with the Federal legislation funding  innovative projects back home to close these gaps and to make a  difference. I am very appreciative of what our team has done here-- Republicans and Democrats alike.   In the more recent legislation that was just passed, the SUPPORT Act,  we also included something that focuses exclusively on fentanyl. This  is really important. It is called the STOP Act. In my subcommittee, we  did an 18-month investigation of this. We spent a lot of time on it. We  worked hard to make it bipartisan but also to be sure  [[Page S6276]]  it was something that would actually work. We found out that fentanyl,  which is the worst of the drugs and the most dangerous, is killing more  people than any other drug. Even today, with our success on opioids,  this synthetic opioid is coming almost exclusively from China, and at  the time we passed the legislation a couple of years ago, it was almost  exclusively coming through our U.S. mail system--our U.S. mail system.  This deadly drug was coming into post office boxes and to people's  homes.   What we said to the post office was: You have to put some screening  in place, much like FedEx does or DHS does or DHL or other private  sector entities. Guess what. They are starting to do that, and it is  making a big difference. They are now requiring advance electronic data  from these packages, showing where they are from, where they are going,  what is in them. This allows law enforcement to target those packages  and to stop some of this fentanyl coming in.   Unfortunately, the post office is not doing all it should do. Under  the legislation, they are supposed to have 100 percent of packages from  China, as an example, being flagged, being screened, and they are not.   Right now, we think they are identifying from China about 88 percent  of the packages. It is not 100 percent yet. Let's get to 100 percent.   We have also found that the Postal Service, based on a 2019 audit  this year by the inspector general, identified and pulled about 88  percent of the packages from China that were flagged. That leaves, of  course, many packages that are not being flagged. So over 10 percent of  these packages, the post office can't even find.   Let's do better. We can do better. It is critical that we continue to  hold the post office accountable because this is poison coming into our  communities. That is in this legislation.   One kilogram of this fentanyl is powerful enough to kill about one- half million people. That is how powerful this is. It is a true life- and-death issue.   We have introduced new legislation in Congress called the FIGHT  Fentanyl Act in the last week. Why? Because, otherwise, fentanyl, which  is currently listed as a substance on schedule I--a schedule I drug and  therefore illegal--is going to come off that list in February of next  year. We can't let that happen, of course. Let's not do a short-term  extension. Let's put fentanyl on as a scheduled drug permanently.   I see more of my colleagues have come to talk about this issue.   My point, I guess, is very simple. We have done some great things in  this body to help our governments back home at our State and local  levels and the nonprofits and people in the trenches who are doing the  hard work. Let's keep it up. Let's be a better partner. Let's continue  to provide support through the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery  Act, through the Opioid Response grants, through the STOP Act, and  through other things to be able to give folks back home the tools they  need to push back against this scourge, against this addiction that is  devastating our families, our communities. Now we see, with the opioid  progress having been made, other drugs coming in--particularly, crystal  meth--directly from Mexico. So it is not just about this; it is about  being flexible enough to be able to approach that as well. We have new  legislation on meth that we should also be working on to provide that  flexibility.    In the meantime, again, the Appropriations Committee is doing its  work, sending the funding that is making a difference to save lives in  our communities.   I yield back my time.   