 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.   Despite the passage in 2010 of the Biologics Price Competition and  Innovation Act through the Affordable Care Act, which created the  modern pathway for bringing biosimilar drugs to market, consumers in  the United States are still not reaping the cost-saving benefits that a  full, mature biosimilars market would provide. As of May, only 19  biosimilars had been approved by the FDA, and many of those that have  been approved are not on the market for a number of reasons.   Economics 101 teaches us that, when more competition is introduced  into the market, prices come down. We have seen this with the  overwhelming success of the generic pharmaceuticals market here at  home, and we are seeing it with biosimilars in other parts of the  globe.   In Europe, for example, the introduction of biosimilar competition  for Humira led to the brand manufacturer dropping the price by more  than 80 percent in some countries.   Unfortunately, here in the United States, biosimilars still face very  low market share and utilization, despite the fact they could generate  much-needed savings for patients and for taxpayers.   If we want to continue to meaningfully lower drug costs for American  patients, Congress can, and should, do more to create a policy  environment that is ripe for greater biosimilar adoption.   That is the underlying rationale behind my amendment, which is based  on legislation I introduced with Congressman   Bob Gibbs, known as the  Star Ratings for Biosimilars Act.   This amendment would require the Department of Health and Human  Services to incorporate into the existing Star Ratings system for  Medicare Advantage and part D plans a measure that evaluates how plans  promote access to biosimilar drugs.   In creating such a measure, HHS would look at things such as coverage  on a plan's formulary, tier placement, cost sharing, and other  utilization management techniques.   By evaluating plans on biosimilar access, this amendment would  motivate health plans to improve performance and implement changes to  improve access to biosimilars, creating a policy environment ripe for  further biosimilar development. A similar measure has already been  adopted by the Senate Finance Committee as they worked through their  prescription drug legislation.   I have heard from some criticism that the Star Ratings system has  traditionally not been used for this type of measure. To that, I would  contend that star ratings have already been used in several ways to  influence plan behavior and improve plan quality, such as evaluating  plans on how well they provide cancer screenings, care coordination,  and Medicaid management, for example.   All of these metrics are designed to incent plans into behavior that  will improve plan transparency and beneficiary health.   Likewise, access to affordable medications has significant  implications for beneficiary health, as patients will abstain from  needed medications if costs are simply too high. The CBO score for the  underlying legislation makes this connection crystal clear.   By evaluating plans on biosimilar access, we are ensuring that  patients have the information they need that will allow them to live  healthier lives.   In closing, Mr. Chair, I would simply urge my colleagues to support  this important amendment that will help lay the groundwork for greater  biosimilar adoption and continue to lower drug costs for patients,  obviously a common cause for each and every person in this Chamber.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, we have no further speakers on this side, and I  am prepared to close.   Mr. Chair, I respect the opinions of Mr. Walden. We have worked in a  bipartisan fashion on several issues before in Energy and Commerce, but  I believe the claim that this would increase costs is simply false.  Like the Senate Finance Committee that is moving forward with this  proposition on biosimilars, we believe it is a way to lower costs.   To date, the nine biosimilars accessible to patients are at an  average discount of 28 percent. It is simply a false claim that a  biosimilar would not launch at a lower price.   Certainly, we must do better. We are reminded constantly that we can  do better and we must do better. As the namesake of this legislation  had constantly implored, Representative Elijah Cummings always knew  that we must score for the public. That is why we must pass this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   