 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in  opposition to H.R. 987, the Democrats' ObamaCare bailout act. This  legislation includes three bipartisan bills that could help lower the  cost of prescription drugs. Unfortunately, the majority has decided to  package these positive bills with four bills that double down on trying  to force ObamaCare on people who don't want it and can't afford it.   We are back on the floor again using valuable time to consider  legislation that will not pass the Senate. Make no mistake: If House  Democrats wanted to accomplish something, they could have put their  three drug pricing bills on the floor by themselves today and they  would have passed. Everyone needs to understand that.   Instead of working together to find ways to bring down the costs of  healthcare, House Democrats are acting to eliminate affordable options  that many folks across the country rely upon for covering their  family's healthcare needs.   One provision in this bill would be to limit the availability of  short-term limited duration plans to no more than 3 months. This change  by President Obama went into effect January of 2017 and overturned 20  years of regulations that had been in place since Bill Clinton was in  office, including the entirety of President Obama's administration.   These plans are for essential health benefits chosen by the  individual consumer, not the Federal Government. We have different  needs at different points in our life. Unfortunately, the ACA does not  allow for plans to be sold as ``compliant'' unless they contain  government approved what you need, not what you and your family decide  what is in your best interest and can afford.   If my colleagues want to get rid of junk plans, they can start by  working with us to get rid of ObamaCare.   In my district, while the individual mandate was in effect, there  were 20,000 people who purchased their coverage through the exchange  and about 15,000 who paid the penalty. Many of those people who paid  the penalty were able to find a plan that was affordable through the  Tennessee Farm Bureau or the Christian sharing ministries.   I have said it before and I will say it again: ObamaCare is a good  deal for you if you get a subsidy, of which about 90 percent do. But  these subsidies hide the true cost of the care, and for people who  don't receive a subsidy, it is unaffordable.   When the Education and Labor Committee marked up the short-term bill  last month, I heard the argument that these short-term plans were too  difficult to understand, that consumers don't know what they are  getting.   This is offensive to me. This is saying, just because patients don't  choose plans that Washington bureaucrats think are good for them, they  don't have enough sense to figure it out on their own.   They do. I trust the American people.   Why on earth when we do something using common sense and creating  association health plans that allow small groups to get together-- Washington State does that, hardly a conservative State. They have had  AHPs for over 20 years, and they are working well.   If my friends across the aisle want to engage in a good faith effort  to find solutions to high healthcare costs, I am all in, Mr. Chairman.  I want to help. But the point is that people are finding ways outside  of ObamaCare to best access coverage for their families.   The CBO initially said there would be 27 million people in the  exchanges in 2019. That number is 8 million. Competition works.   I hope my colleagues oppose this legislation, and I am ready to work  in a bipartisan way to solve these problems.   