 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise because I love my  country, and I also rise because I believe that we are currently in a  constitutional crisis.   The executive branch of the government is refusing to honor subpoenas  lawfully issued by committees of the Congress. The executive branch of  the government does not respect the judiciary.   We are in a constitutional crisis. We have a duty, an obligation, and  a responsibility to do something about this.   So I rise today, Mr. Speaker, some 99 days after the Mueller report  was made public. The Mueller report has been thoroughly vetted by the  Members of Congress to the extent that we have talked about it and have  proclaimed that there are impeachable acts that are clearly indicated  within the Mueller report. The Mueller report has been discussed ad  infinitum and ad nauseam by Members of Congress.   I am not saying that everybody knows what is in it, but I do know  that there is a notion that there is a Mueller report and that that  report has information in it--evidence, if you will--that is  antithetical to the President and would, in some circumstances, be such  that we would bring Articles of Impeachment.   I would also indicate that we are now 1 day since Mr. Mueller  testified before the Congress of the United States of America, the  Judiciary Committee and the Intelligence Committee.   Mr. Mueller has written his report. He has testified before Congress,  and now the question really becomes: What are we going to do? Will we  seek additional testimony? I am not opposed to it, but I do believe  this: At some point, we will start to see evidence of what Dr. King  called the paralysis of analysis. I believe that we are now seeing the  initial evidence, if we haven't seen it before, of the paralysis of  analysis.   This paralysis is something that will stall us to the extent that  someone will move forward and say, rather than impeach, let's defeat.   I am not one of them. I believe that, if we violate Article II,  Section 4 of the Constitution, then we ought to enforce that law. No  one is above the law in the United States of America.   We must honor Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution, which deals  with impeachment. If we do not, history will not be kind to us. It  especially will not be kind to those of us who are in control of this  House.   We decide what comes to the floor. We decide what the agenda is.  History will not be kind to us if we don't take up our duty,  responsibility, and obligation pursuant to Article II, Section 4 of the  Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, we are at the crossroads of accountability. Either we  will hold the Chief Executive accountable, or we will be held  accountable. I pray that we will do that which the Framers of the  Constitution fully intended, and that is to proceed with impeachment  when you have a Chief Executive who is causing harm to society.   This is a seminal moment in time for those of us who are in charge of  this House. Either we will act, or we will be acted upon.   