 Mr. President, 2\1/2\ weeks ago, Democrats and  Republicans--the House, the Senate, and the White House--agreed to  reopen the government for 3 weeks to be able to continue negotiations  on border security.   A very simple statement that was made by my Democratic colleagues was  this: Reopen the government for 3 weeks. We will negotiate on border  security and come to an agreement, but only if the government is open,  and it would be limited to border security.   It was a pretty straightforward conversation.   President Trump said: We trust you on this.   We agreed to reopen the government for 3 weeks to focus on border  security.   Now it appears that based on the negotiations that are happening  right now in this building, this has become a Lucy-and-the-football- type negotiation because this doesn't seem to be about border security  anymore.   My Democratic colleagues have said: Now we want to add one thing. We  will vote for fencing at the border as long as you agree to defund a  section of ICE.   The whole negotiation now is this: Yes, we will add border fencing,  but you have to agree to defund ICE.   Here is the way that works. Their agreement is this: You will have to  limit the number of people that ICE can detain.   Now, to our credit, this Congress has always allocated funding to  say: Here is x amount of dollars for detention facilities and for bed  space for ICE, knowing that if somebody is picked up at the border,  when they are picked up at the border as they cross, the Border Patrol  does not house them. They are not detained by Border Patrol. They are  arrested by Border Patrol, and then they are turned over to ICE.   So the plan is not to allocate enough dollars for ICE detention but  to create a new arbitrary cap for the number of people that ICE could  actually detain, so that ICE could only hold x amount of people. That  is what they want to get a negotiation--for the first time ever to have  a maximum cap of the number of people that ICE could detain.   Why does that matter? One is to allow funding for it, and another one  is to have a cap. A cap is very different, and my Democratic colleagues  know it.   In real life, here is what it would look like. If ICE, at any point,  already had the number they have in custody at that point and they  arrest someone else, they would have to choose to release someone  currently in detention before they could arrest someone and put them in  detention.   Let me give an example.   Coyotes now try for any adult who is coming to try to have them bring  a child with them because they know if a child travels with the adult,  they are going to get a special lane into the country, as if they are  coming as a family. They get their own fast lane into being released  into the country.   If you have this ICE detainer cap, coyotes will know: Bring people in  mass migration because ICE can't release enough people at once. So if  you come as a thousand across the border or 500 across the border, they  have to be released into the country because ICE can't quickly release  500 people from detention to add the new 500 people who are coming  through.   My Democratic colleagues also know that it currently takes about 41  days for someone who is in detention to go through the whole process to  get a hearing and get finished. This would accelerate the process of  getting those people out and released into the country, rather than  getting them through the actual hearing.   The better solution on this is to add judges and actually get people  to go through the process and get due process faster, instead of  releasing people into the country. Once someone crosses our border  illegally and they are released into the country, the vast majority of  those individuals never get deported because they either don't show up  for the hearing at all or, when they do show up for the hearing and  they are told, no, you can't legally stay, they disappear.   This cap negotiation that is going on right now is exactly the wrong  direction to go. It is not about border security. It is about releasing  people into the country.   Several years ago, there was a young lady named Sarah Root. She was  in Iowa. It was graduation night from college, and she was hit by a  drunk driver and killed. Sarah Root's loss drew the Nation's attention  for a moment to the issue of not only drunk driving but illegal  immigration, because the person that hit Sarah was illegally present in  the country and had a blood alcohol level three times above the legal  limit.   Local law enforcement, at that time under the Obama administration,  asked ICE to detain them. ICE said they didn't meet the minimum  qualification that had been set by the administration to detain them.  So they released this person on bond. Sarah later died from her  injuries, and they have never been able to find that guy again. He is  gone. He is somewhere in the United States, or maybe he is running  internationally. We don't know, but he is on our most wanted list  instead of being held.   That was a decision made by a previous administration just on  priorities. My Democratic colleagues are trying to force ICE to make  those kinds of decisions every single day now--to determine who needs  to be released and who needs to be kept based on an arbitrary cap that  they want to put in on the maximum number of people that ICE can  detain.   There is no State in the country that sets an arbitrary cap, other  than the bed space that they have available. But this conversation is  that we have enough bed space to hold someone, but you can't use that  bed space because we want to limit the number of people that ICE can  detain.   This is the current debate on border security. It is not about border  security anymore. It is not about fencing anymore. It is now about  giving ICE a maximum cap they can detain and, literally, forcing ICE to  release people illegally present into the United States. That is not  border security. That is the opposite of border security, and we should  not go for a deal that puts a cap on ICE that is an arbitrary number.   I hope this administration rejects that. I hope we can finish  negotiations. I hope the American people see this for what it is. This  is no longer about border security. This is about trying to force this  administration to release people into the country who are illegally  present and prevent ICE from doing its job. Enough is enough on this.  Let's allow the ICE folks to be able to do their job--they are Federal  law enforcement--and not put a cap on them, saying: You can only  enforce the law this far, and then after that, you cannot enforce the  law anymore because we have an arbitrary cap. That needs to be  rejected, and that is not a serious offer in negotiations.    The reason we don't already have a deal that is already done right  now, with this body debating it, is that debate about capping ICE  detentions got added into the conversation last weekend and blew up the  whole negotiation.   This is not the White House blowing up negotiations. This is not  Republicans blowing up negotiations. This is my Democratic colleagues  saying they want a cap on ICE detentions and allowing coyotes to be  able to rush large quantities at the border or forcing ICE to have to  make difficult choices about which gang members they are going to  release and which they are going to hold, literally getting a briefing  every morning saying: We can't arrest anyone today because we don't  have enough detention space, so today we have to look the other way.   That is an absurd proposal, and we should reject it.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   