 Mr. President, in the context of the ongoing  negotiations with North Korea, there has been a lot of discussion today  in the media about Otto Warmbier.   Otto Warmbier was a young man from my hometown of Cincinnati, OH.  This is an emotional issue for me because, through the process of  trying to bring Otto home, I got to know his family very well.   He was a young man with a lot of promise, 22 years old, and a college  student at the University of Virginia. He had gone as a tourist to  North Korea. He was pulled out of the line at the airport.   Here he was, a kindhearted college kid, found himself a prisoner in  North Korea. He was there for about 18 months. His detainment and his  sentence were appalling; unacceptable by any standards. At some point  soon after being sentenced to 15 years of hard labor, from what we  know, Otto suffered a severe brain injury. What happened? We may never  know the details, but we do know one thing, and that is he was severely  mistreated.   Who did the North Korean Government tell about the fact that he had  this brain damage? No one. Unbelievably, for the next 15 months of his  life, they kept this a secret. They denied him access to the best  medical care he deserved, which of course we would have provided.   I was in communication with the North Korean Government during this  time through their offices at the United Nations in New York. They  didn't even tell us about the terrible mistreatment he had suffered and  the condition he was in. They refused repeated requests for consular  access that normally would have been provided to someone who has been  detained, regardless of their health situation. This included denying  requests, of course, from me, from others in this body and other bodies  of Congress but also from the Obama administration, the Trump  administration, the Red Cross, also from the Government of Sweden,  which typically acts for us in North Korea as a consular service. I say  that because while I support engagement with North Korea--in fact, in  my experience with Otto Warmbier, it makes me even more convinced we  need to have communication because we had no good lines of  communication.   I support the ongoing talks with North Korea, specifically about  denuclearization. I want to make clear that we can never forget about  Otto. His treatment at the hands of his captors was unforgivable, and  it tells us a lot about the nature of the regime. We can't be naive  about what they did to Otto, about the brutal nature of the regime that  would do this to an American citizen.   Of course, it is not just about Otto or other visitors. It is about  how the people of North Korea are treated, many of whom also have had  their human rights violated. No one should have to go through what the  Warmbier family has gone through. They have been incredibly strong, by  the way, through this whole ordeal. I watched them channel their grief  into something constructive, exposing some of the human rights abuses  in North Korea, as an example.  [[Page S1574]]    Throughout this ordeal, I have stood with Fred and Cindy and their  entire family. I will continue to, but I also want to say today, as we  discuss these broader issues with North Korea, let's keep Otto Warmbier  at the front of our minds. Let's be sure he is high on our agenda and  in our consciousness as we deal with North Korea and, again,  understanding, because of our experience with Otto, the brutal nature  of this regime.   