 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Raskin), my good friend, for yielding the customary 30 minutes, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I want to begin by congratulating my friend on his  recent appointment to the Rules Committee, where we have already had  the opportunity to interact with one another. And I want to again  congratulate him for bringing his first rule to the floor as well. I  know we are going to have a good relationship in the next couple of  years as we work together.   Madam Speaker, we are back here in appropriations; only this time,  the majority has taken what was an important, likely bipartisan  disaster relief appropriations bill and turned it into a partisan  football.   Last night, the Committee on Rules was scheduled to meet on a $12.1  billion supplemental appropriations bill. At the last minute, the  majority chose to make in order and self-execute an amendment that  would tack on an additional measure, a continuing resolution to fund  the government through February 8.   I don't know if I can fully convey how disappointed I am that the  majority is seeking to play politics with this important issue and use  an otherwise noncontroversial disaster appropriations bill as a vehicle  to pass a controversial spending bill that is going absolutely nowhere.   Last year, the Nation faced a wide variety of disasters, from  wildfires in the West to hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico and the Virgin  Islands and the  [[Page H620]]  Southeastern United States, and the volcanoes in Hawaii.   When disaster strikes, we have an obligation to help each other. I  don't think there is a single Member of the House who would disagree  with that fundamental principle.   Before the Rules Committee acted last night, we were on our way to a  bipartisan bill that fulfilled that principle. But today, we are  considering a partisan bill that will not resolve the shutdown, and it  holds up crucial aid for disaster victims.   To that end, Madam Speaker, I have to say that the original version  of the bill was actually very good. It took roughly what the House had  passed at the end of the last Congress and added to it.   In December, we passed a bill that provided $7.38 billion in disaster  relief. The original bill up today would provide $12.1 billion in  disaster relief, with additional money going mostly to increase  existing accounts and to provide nutrition assistance to Puerto Rico.  Frankly, I was prepared to be fully supportive of that measure.   Moreover, I was especially pleased that the majority took the steps  toward an open process. They issued a call for amendments, considered  them, and made some very good amendments in order.   I want to commend Chairman McGovern for taking these steps and giving  Members on both sides of the aisle an opportunity to present the case  for their amendments to the Rules Committee and, in many cases, to the  full House.    But instead of moving forward on a joint disaster relief bill, the  majority decided at the last minute to turn this noncontroversial piece  of legislation into a controversial one by attaching a self-executing  manager's amendment which adds a continuing resolution to fund the  government through February 8.   Madam Speaker, I want to be clear. I want to end the government  shutdown as well. I have said countless times on this floor and  elsewhere that the primary responsibility of legislators is to fund the  government and keep it open. Our constituents deserve no less than the  full amount of government services we have promised them.   At the end of December, I voted in favor of a bill that would have  done exactly that. It would have funded the government through February  8. It would have funded disaster relief, and it would have provided  funding for border security. A majority of the Senate favored that  bill, and the President had said he would sign it. Unfortunately, the  Democratic minority in the Senate blocked consideration of the bill, a  bill that could have stopped this shutdown before it ever happened.   This, now, is the fourth proposal by my friends across the aisle to  reopen the government. Tomorrow, we will be likely considering a fifth  proposal. Unfortunately, each of these items has in common the same  flaws.   The Senate made it clear that it will not take up any spending bill  that the President cannot sign, and the President has made it clear  that he will not sign any bill that does not address border security.  Yet my friends across the aisle continue to put forward measure after  measure that simply do not provide funding for border security.   Today, the majority is seeking to one-up itself. They have taken a  disaster relief bill to provide funding for victims of hurricanes,  wildfires, and volcanoes, and they are attaching to it the same funding  bill the House previously passed. The House may have passed it, but the  Senate won't, and the President won't sign it.   Why, then, does the majority insist on using disaster victims as  leverage to avoid addressing border security?   Madam Speaker, I want to reopen the government. I want us to provide  for disaster victims, and I want us to provide for border security. We  can accomplish all three of these things. The House can do all three of  these things. In fact, the House has done all three of these things as  recently as December. Why the majority only wants to accomplish one of  those and wants to do so by using disaster victims as leverage is  beyond me.   I know my friends think they can force the Senate and the President  to bend to their will, but they cannot, and they will not. In divided  government, negotiation and compromise are indispensable in governing.  So far, my friends have engaged in neither.   Madam Speaker, today, we should be happy to provide needed relief to  disaster victims. Instead, we are here on the fourth proposal from the  majority on government funding and a fourth proposal that does not  address fundamental problems, does not negotiate with the majority, and  does not put forward a bill that can become law.   To quote the baseball legend and philosopher Yogi Berra, ``it's deja  vu all over again.''   So I would suggest my friends go to the bargaining table with the  United States Senate and with the President of the United States and  see if they can actually work with the other bodies and help us come to  some resolution, the differences between the two.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from the State of Washington (Mr. Newhouse), my good friend  and former member of the Rules Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser), my good friend and a new member of this  body.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida  [[Page H622]]  (Mr. Rutherford), my very good friend and former law enforcement  professional and sheriff.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I wish to notify the House, Madam Speaker, that if we defeat the  previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will  bring up the appropriations package the House passed in December,  including full funding for the government through February 8, $7.8  billion for disaster relief, and $5.7 billion for border security.   Madam Speaker, that is a bill that the Senate will actually take up  and pass. That is a bill that the President has said he will actually  sign.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous  question, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank my friend again for the time; I thank him for  participating in the debate; and I congratulate him on being close to  finishing his first rule.  [[Page H623]]    Madam Speaker, in closing, I want to respond to a couple of things  that my good friend said. First of all, he said he brought ``their''  bills to the floor, meaning our bills, I presume. He didn't bring our  bills to the floor. He brought Senate bills to the floor.   Actually, those bills are nothing like the bills that the House had  passed and, in many cases, are quite inferior to the product that had  been jointly compromised between the two bodies.   Just speaking from something I know very well, which is Indian  healthcare, the bill that he presented to us had absolutely no House  input from either Republican or Democratic Members, had $135 million  less for the Indian Healthcare Service, had $26 million less for the  Bureau of Indian Affairs. I can go on and on and on.   The bills actually that, frankly, we were pretty close to having  conferenced and done were, honestly, quite superior. They had many  Democratic and Republican suggestions in them and many Member  suggestions. If we passed what the majority is presenting, all we are  doing is just turning over the appropriations function of the United  States House of Representatives to the United States Senate and saying:  We don't really need a House; anything you guys do is fine.   That is the product that has been presented to us. It is not  acceptable to our side to simply throw away House prerogatives and  positions.   Again, my friends have the majority here. We respect that. They will  almost certainly prevail on the rule and on the vote, and I certainly  accept that. That is the way this institution works.   But what he fails to tell me is whether or not he is ever going to  get the Senate to ever pick this up. So far, he hasn't. This is the  fourth attempt. We will see another one tomorrow. Whether or not he can  actually produce legislation that the President of the United States  will sign, so far, he hasn't. And they are the majority.   Under our constitutional system, passing legislation through the  House is simply not sufficient. It has to be able to pass the United  States Senate. It has to be signed by the President of the United  States, unless two-thirds of the House and the Senate are willing to  override his veto. Frankly, I don't think my friends have two-thirds  majority here either, and they certainly don't in the United States  Senate.   So I have a modest proposal. Probably the people who are producing  this legislation here should sit down and talk with the United States  Senate ahead of time and say: Can we split the difference here? Can we  find some common ground?   Actually, the President did that in December, literally sent the Vice  President to the negotiation to say: We would like to get $5 billion.  We think that is the appropriate amount. But what if we settle at $2\1/ 2\ billion? The answer was no.   That is a normal, reasonable compromise. It is called splitting the  difference. The President tried to do that.   I do commend my friends, because I know they are serious about  wanting to reopen the government. We would love to work with them on  getting that done, but it is going to entail some compromise.   Frankly, over the next 2 years, if my friends want to get anything  done, and I know they do, they will have to compromise.   Been there before. We were in a situation where we were the majority  in the United States House of Representatives with a Democratic  majority in the Senate and a Democratic President. It took, I will say,  some of my colleagues a long time to figure out that we had to have  help in the United States Senate, and we had to have a President that  would sign bills, and we were going to have to compromise on some  things that we thought were fundamentally very, very important.    I suggest my friends learn from our experience in that regard.   Again, I respect the effort to reopen the government. I would love to  participate in it. This bill, quite frankly, could have been something  that I think would have started us down the right direction, and it  almost was.   We had Members on both sides of the aisle that very much wanted to  vote for this legislation. Frankly, and again, I commend the chairman  of our committee, Mr. McGovern. He set up a process so that we could  provide amendments, Member input. We had full consideration of those  amendments in the Rules Committee. I would have liked a few more to be  made in order, but I can't complain about the ones that were. I think  it was a fair process.   Only the Democratic leadership's insistence on putting something that  they knew the Senate would not pick up, and they knew the President  would not sign, stopped that disaster relief bill. That is all. That  literally could have been passed out of here today, could have been  passed immediately by the United States Senate, would have been signed  by the President, would have gotten us out of this cycle at least a  little bit, would have shown us what functioning government actually  looks like. But I guess the theater of the moment is more important  than actually getting disaster relief to people, so we will go through  this exercise yet again.   Madam Speaker, in closing, I urge opposition to this rule and the  underlying measure. The majority has taken a noncontroversial,  bipartisan, supplemental disaster appropriations bill and has turned it  into a political football. Today's bill was originally intended to  provide relief for disaster victims, and, instead, the majority has  turned it into yet another continuing resolution that is not going  anywhere.   This is the same continuing resolution that the House previously  passed and that the Senate refused to consider. Whether the Democrats  like it or not, they need to engage with Republicans on border  security. Instead, they are now bringing up their fourth attempt to  pass a government funding bill without border security. And this time,  they are using disaster victims as leverage to push their policies.   The majority would be better served to undertake serious negotiations  with Republicans over the need for border security and find a way out  of the crisis of their making, rather than pushing the exact same bill  again.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' on the previous question, ``no'' on  the underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   