 Madam President, I thank our great leader on the  Environment Committee for his visionary work on this issue. I am here  for the same purpose today. I am here to talk about climate change,  about our climate crisis, and about the mistake it would be to put  Andrew Wheeler in charge of the Environmental Protection Agency.   Climate change is an existential threat to our country and to the  planet. We know this because the world's leading scientists, the United  Nation's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, just made that  warning late last year. It is an existential threat to the planet.   The U.N. report told us we have very limited time until we are past  the point of no return, and the most catastrophic impacts of climate  change are irreversible.   Our own Federal scientists across 13 Agencies also just warned in the  National Climate Assessment that the impacts of climate change are not  in the future, but they are happening in our communities right now.   Here is what all 13 U.S. Federal Agencies said. They said our efforts  do not yet approach the scale necessary to avoid substantial damages to  the economy, environment, and human health. These are Earth-shattering  reports about the state of our Earth. These are the doomsday reports  about what happens if we do not take bold action.   The dire consequences of climate change, in fact, are arriving. A  tenfold increase in ice-free summers in the Arctic, 99 percent loss of  coral reefs, and a doubling of species lost around the world. In the  Northeast, in worst-case scenarios, by the end of the century, both the  Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Logan Airport will be under  water, and over 20 percent of Boston's population will face flood risk.   The climate emissions are not slowing down. In 2018, emissions  increased 2.8 percent. We have the ``Denier in Chief'' in the White  House, and this week Republicans in the Senate are poised to confirm a  coal lobbyist to head the Environmental Protection Agency.   During his confirmation hearing, when I asked whether he agreed with  the conclusions of the National Climate Assessment report, Mr. Wheeler  said he still needed additional briefings before he could make a public  comment on it. Let me repeat that. The nominee of Donald Trump to run  the Agency charged with protecting the planet from climate change had  not even sufficiently reviewed the climate report from our own Federal  Agencies before his confirmation hearing. He also said he considered  the report to be a representation of the worst-case scenario and that  what we face is ``a climate issue.''   Well, the worst-case scenario is one in which the Republican Senate  will confirm a former coal lobbyist to head the Environmental  Protection Agency. The worst-case scenario is the Trump  administration's plans to roll back the Clean Power Plan and the fuel  economy emission standards, the single largest steps we have ever taken  to address climate change. We are in a worst-case scenario, and we need  to dramatically change course.   That should start by not confirming Andrew Wheeler, a coal lobbyist,  to run the Agency charged with protecting our planet. Andrew Wheeler's  answers on the climate crisis should be disqualifying. His record as a  coal lobbyist should be disqualifying. We should come together and  reject Andrew Wheeler as the head of the EPA.   The impact of climate change on ordinary families on their health, on  our Nation, on our security, and on our future is too urgent. We must  be bold. We must be ambitious.   That is why I have introduced the Green New Deal resolution. It lays  out a serious, bold, aspirational set of goals  [[Page S1470]]  that meet the scale of the threat we are facing. It is a set of  principles, not prescriptions. The Green New Deal will allow us to  engage in massive job creation to save all of creation. It calls for a  massive 10-year mobilization to transform our climate, our economy, our  democracy. It is about jobs and justice.   An overwhelming number of Americans support climate action, and a  majority of Americans support a Green New Deal. Never in our history  have the interests of all Americans been so united in a single issue:  climate change.   From the air we breathe to the jobs that employ us, to the  neighborhoods we live in, to the economy we operate within, climate  change defines our existence. This is the time for serious solutions.  Global temperatures are the highest in recorded history. Wealth  inequality is at its highest point since the era of the Great  Depression. The erosion of our coastlines, the erosion of earning power  of workers, the pollution of our planet, the pollution of our democracy  by Big Oil and Koch brothers financing, the relationship between these  ills and injustices is undeniable, but the challenge is not  insurmountable.   It will only be through a historic intergenerational commitment to  end climate change that we create the kind of democracy that works for  all Americans. This Green New Deal mobilization will make the United  States the global leader on clean energy and climate action.   This mobilization will be the greatest blue-collar jobs program in a  generation. This mobilization will be an opportunity to repair the  historic oppression of frontline and vulnerable communities that have  borne the worst burdens of pollution from our fossil fuel economy-- these communities that also will be the most affected and the least  able to respond to the impacts of climate change. The Green New Deal  represents an opportunity to lift up all workers and all communities.   President Roosevelt was right when he said about the New Deal that  ``statesmanship and vision, my friends, require relief to all at the  same time.''   We are talking about a historic, 10-year mobilization that will  mitigate climate emissions and build climate resiliency. We have acted  on this scale before, and we must do it again.   We have already laid the foundation for our climate future. In 2008,  we had only 1,200 megawatts of total solar capacity in the United  States. Today, we have 65,000 megawatts. In 2008, we had only 25,000  megawatts of total wind capacity. Today, we have 98,000 megawatts of  wind capacity. In 2008, there were only 2,500 all-electric vehicles in  our country. Today, we have 1 million, with 500,000 new all-electric  vehicles to be sold this year. Most of all, what we have seen over the  past 10 years is a growing movement for climate action. In wind and  solar, we now have 350,000 people who are employed. That didn't happen  10 years ago; it is happening today.   The Green New Deal is not just a resolution; it is a revolution.  Republicans and climate deniers are taking mathematical liberties to  say it would cost too much to act, but the cost of inaction on climate  will be far higher. Over just the past 2 years, the cost of storms and  the cost of fires in our country created over $400 billion in damages.  By the end of this century, it will be tens of trillions of dollars  that we will lose. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. If  we start today, we can avoid the worst, most catastrophic consequences.  For those who say we can't afford to act to address this crisis, I say  we can't afford not to.   The question is, Will any Republican stand up to fight for these  goals? The Republican Party is about to confirm a coal lobbyist to run  the Environmental Protection Agency. That is where we are in 2019, with  the worst scientific reports coming from the U.N. and our own  scientists--a threat of an existential risk for the planet--and we are  about to confirm a coal lobbyist.   Ladies and gentlemen, we have to be bold the way President Kennedy  was in 1962 when he called for a mission to the Moon to be accomplished  within 10 years. He said it would not be easy. He said we would have to  invent metal that did not exist and propulsion systems that did not  exist. He said we would have to bring that mission back safely through  heat half the intensity of the Sun, and we would have to do so safely  within 10 years so that we could control outer space. We did that,  ladies and gentlemen, and we can do it again.   We have to accept this challenge. We can do it. We can unleash an  innovation revolution in our country, and again we will do it to save  all creation by engaging in massive job creation, a blue-collar  revolution hiring millions of workers to do this job.   I thank you, Madam President. This is a very important week before  us.   I yield back to my colleague.    Would the Senator yield?    I just want to say that there is no climate warrior like  Sheldon Whitehouse from Rhode Island. He is up every day of his life on  this issue, and when he speaks, he speaks with authority. I just want  to say what an honor it is to be here today.   