 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion.    Madam Speaker, our Republican colleagues are right  about one thing: China is taking advantage of us. But it is not taking  advantage of America being in the Paris accord. It is taking advantage  of our retreat.   China is our strategic competitor. It should pain all of us that  everywhere around the world, China is being treated like the leader in  fighting climate change. It should pain us that China is investing more  money in renewable energy than any other country. It should pain us  that they are surging ahead of us in electric vehicles. It should pain  us that they are racing to dominate the global market in lithium  batteries, that they have two-thirds of the world's high-speed rail and  have spent over $100 billion on it in 2018.    Why is China spending hundreds of billions of dollars to make the  transition to clean energy? Let me tell you, it is not because the  Chinese Communist Party loves trees. It is because they want to win the  future.   I want America to win the future. I want us to reap the economic  benefits and the jobs that will go to whoever wins the race to a clean  energy future.   How do our Republican colleagues propose to win that race? I have  looked at their record in the years when they controlled this House. I  searched in vain for one free-market-based plan.   What did I find? Nothing, apart from a tax bill filled with giveaways  to oil companies to allow more oil drilling, and legislation to allow  methane emissions, to gut the Clean Air Act, and to roll back the Clean  Power Plan.   That is it. That is all our Republican colleagues did.   Do they know who has left them behind? Do they know who wants us to  stay in the Paris accord because they know that our economic future  depends on it? I will tell you who. The Dow Chemical Company wants us  to stay in Paris. Bank of America wants us to stay. DuPont wants us to  stay. Procter & Gamble wants us to stay. General Electric wants us to  stay. Cargill wants us to stay. Citigroup wants us to stay. Johnson &  Johnson wants us to stay. Coca-Cola wants us to stay. ExxonMobil wants  us to stay. The Walt Disney Company wants us to stay.   Not a lot of socialists on their boards, though I do have my doubts  about Goofy from time to time.   So that is our choice. We can cling to the past, we can let China win  this race, or we can stand with our American companies, our American  scientists, and our American innovators and let them lead us into the  future.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Cunningham).   