 Madam Speaker, for the first time in history, the House  is moving to impeach a duly-elected president without asserting a  crime. Instead, they are charging President Trump with a vague ``abuse  of power'' for allegedly conditioning U.S. security assistance to  Ukraine on an investigation into an energy company.   This deeply flawed inquiry did not produce clear evidence or  bipartisan support. At a minimum, one would expect bipartisan support  for such an extraordinary measure.   As a former federal prosecutor with the Public Integrity Section of  the Department of Justice, I approached this inquiry with the same  standards I would have applied to any case I handled during that time.  During six weeks of depositions, I listened diligently and sought out  relevant facts. But the Majority, driven by a political timeline,  insisted on a rush to judgment with an incomplete factual record.  Instead of interviewing multiple people with firsthand knowledge, they  settled for speculation and innuendo.   Ultimately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle failed to  prove the President tied U.S. aid to a political investigation. Here's  what we learned instead:   The president placed a temporary hold on U.S. security assistance in  mid-July and released it September 11 without Ukraine ever announcing  an investigation.   Multiple witnesses provided testimony that the pause was due to the  President's longstanding concerns about corruption in Ukraine. It took  for firsthand accounts from administrative officials, such as Vice  President Mike Pence, to see the sincerity of Ukraine's new President  Volodymyr Zelensky. He campaigned as an anti-corruption reformer and  made historic progress after his party took over the Ukrainian  parliament in August.   The Democrats' key witness--of which there was the only one who  talked with the President about the aid--is Ambassador Gordon Sondland.  When pressed, Sondland admitted he never knew why the aid was delayed.  Neither President Trump, nor anyone else, ever told him that aid was  tied to investigations, and any opinion he expressed to others about  such a connection was only him ``speculating.''   President Zelensky and his senior advisor Andriy Yermak, the key  Ukrainians in the Democrat narrative, have repeatedly and strongly  denied they were ever pressured or given any sense that the temporary  hold was connected to investigation requests. Indeed, they were not  even aware of the hold until it was publicly reported in the press.   History will judge this inquiry for the rush to impeach President  Trump without direct evidence, in defiance of historic precedent and as  a one-sided political probe. The ``investigation'' was held in the most  secret room in the Capitol. Depositions occurred on days lawmakers were  out of town. The Minority was denied basic fairness and did not allow  them to call a single witness. The administration was not allowed to  bring executive branch lawyers to defend themselves during depositions.   This contrasts with previous impeachment inquiries, where Presidents  Nixon and Clinton could have administration lawyers attend all  depositions and hearings, ask questions, make objections, present  evidence, and request their own witnesses. Those rights were denied in  this inquiry, as this impeachment process was weaponized for political  gain.   Opposing impeachment does not mean embracing every decision made by  the administration in this case. I strongly disagreed with the hold on  the security assistance that Congress had appropriated for Ukraine and  wrote an urgent letter with the gentleman from New York, Chairman Eliot  Engel, a week before the aid was released. Then and now, I believe that  unwavering support for Ukraine to counter Russian malign influence is a  vital component of U.S. national security.   But the truth is, Democrats began their three-year effort to impeach  the President the day he was sworn into office. In fact, 104 of my  Democratic colleagues voted for impeachment before the phone call  between President Trump and Ukrainian President Zelensky ever took  place.   Our constitutional order demands far more than this to remove a duly- elected President. Sixty-three million Americans voted for President  Trump. With an election less than a year away, Americans should decide  their elected president at the ballot box, as our Constitution  requires.   