 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I stand here this afternoon in a state of  disbelief. Last Wednesday, my colleagues and I in the Congress were  briefed on the state of election security in America.   I am prohibited from talking about the details of that classified  briefing, but the message from my Republican colleagues after that  elections security meeting was very clear: Nothing to see here. One  Senator said it is clear the Federal Government is doing ``everything  you can do.'' The top Republican on the House Homeland Security  Committee said: ``I wouldn't say we've got a need for more election  security legislation.'' A Member of the House Republican leadership  said: ``The agencies have the tools they need, and I am confident they  are addressing the threats.''   It is case closed for those Republicans--mission accomplished. My  Republican colleagues were just so satisfied that the foundation of our  democracy is in good hands. Election security is not a problem for  those colleagues I just quoted.   It was to my enormous shock this weekend when I picked up my phone,  and I read the following headline: ``Old Software makes new electoral  systems ripe for hacking.''   Over the weekend, I said: Gosh, that just can't possibly be right.  After all, my Republican colleagues said after the classified briefing  that election security issues were in good shape. I just kept reading,  and as it turns out, according to an exhaustive analysis by the  Associated Press, the vast majority of 10,000 election jurisdictions  nationwide use election management systems that run on old software  that is soon going to be out of date and ripe for exploitation by  hackers.   According to the Associated Press, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan,  Florida, Iowa, Indiana, Arizona, and North Carolina, among others, are  all at risk. Even the State of Georgia, which just passed legislation  to buy new voting machines, is on track to buy equipment that suffers  from this significant cyber security weakness. Worse, two of the three  largest voting machine companies, ES&S and Hart, don't make election  systems that are free from this vulnerability. Many election officials  will be buying election systems that will be out of date the moment  they start using it.   I am reading this story, and I am thinking to myself: Maybe--just  maybe--this Trump administration hasn't solved the election security  issue.   Now, colleagues, I am being a little bit disingenuous here. I have  actually known about this problem for some time. In fact, I wrote to  the Election Assistance Commission about it because, of course, our  elections weren't secure last week, and they sure as heck aren't secure  this week. Anybody who says otherwise is either selling you a voting  machine or simply has a malicious intent toward our elections.   Russia attacked our democracy on every front in 2016, including voter  registration databases and election software vendors. I am a member of  the Senate Intelligence Committee, and I can't talk about classified  matters, but it is public record that there were attacks on our  election infrastructure in 2018.   Our colleague Senator Rubio of Florida even said that hackers were  ``in a position'' to alter voter rolls in 2016. In April, the FBI  Director said that 2018 was, ``just kind of a dress rehearsal for the  big show in 2020.''   I will say, as I have been saying at home at townhall meetings across  my home State, that in 2020 I believe the hostile foreign actors are  going to make 2016 look like small potatoes, and I am not just talking  about the Russians here.   What the Associated Press revealed this weekend should be chilling  for anybody fighting to protect our elections from foreign  interference, but it is certainly not the first indication Americans  have gotten that our elections are vulnerable.   Last year, the journalist, Kim Zetter, and the New York Times  reported that ES&S had installed remote access software and wireless  modems in election equipment for years. I believe that is about the  worst thing you can do in terms of election security in America, short  of putting American ballot boxes on a Moscow street.   Special Counsel Robert Mueller revealed in his report that an  election software vendor was actually hacked by Russia in the summer of  2016. The public still doesn't know enough about what happened there or  what the government did to investigate. This is another area where I am  seeking to excavate the facts. My colleagues, particularly my colleague  from Minnesota, Senator Klobuchar, and my colleague from Rhode Island,  Senator Reed, are doing the same.   VR Systems, the company Mr. Mueller was referring to, sold e- pollbooks to a county in North Carolina. I am talking now about the  systems that workers used to check voters in at a precinct. It happened  that several of the VR Systems e-pollbooks used by Durham County in  North Carolina malfunctioned on election day in 2016. The problem was  so bad that one precinct had to shut down completely for several hours.   Last month, I asked the FBI what happened; is anybody investigating?  It sure looks like no Federal Agency has been out there looking at  these malfunctioning e-pollbooks. It wasn't until last month that the  Department of Homeland Security announced it would finally perform a  forensic examination of the Durham County machines. That is not good  enough. It is critical to secure our political parties, our campaigns,  and the votes of Americans.   In 2015 and 2016, Russia hacked two Democratic campaign committees.  Russian hackers also stole emails from John Podesta, Secretary  Clinton's campaign manager. The Russian Government then leaked  Democratic emails to influence the Presidential and, reportedly, House  races in six States.   As I have emphasized at every part of my investigation, every part of  my efforts, this is not a problem reserved for one political party. The  National Republican Party committees have also all been hacked in the  past, as well as the campaigns of Senator Graham and our late colleague  John McCain.   Political campaigns don't have the expertise or resources to protect  themselves from foreign government hackers. They ought to be in a  position to get assistance, and if Congress doesn't act, they are going  to get hacked again in 2020.   That is why I introduced legislation earlier this year, the Federal  Campaign Cybersecurity Assistance Act, to secure campaigns and State  parties. This would apply to both Democrats and Republicans. The bill  turns the party committees, like the Democratic National Committee and  the Republican National Committee, into an ``IT department'' for their  campaigns, State parties, and candidates. The parties will be able to  give campaigns professionally managed, secured laptops, cell phones,  and emails, which are much harder to hack. I think it is in the  interest of our country, voters, Democrats, and Republicans to pass  that bill.   I am going to close my remarks where I began, this extraordinary  information that was compiled by the Associated Press that demonstrates  that out-of-date software is going to be  [[Page S4816]]  used by election officials all over the country unless something is  done about it. As a result, I have asked the Election Assistance  Commission what they are going to do to stop the proliferation of out- of-date, insecure software.   A lot of people tell me, don't stay up waiting for much.   Earlier this year, I asked the Department of Homeland Security how  many States used voting machines with old, insecure software on  Election Day in November of 2018. They said they didn't know. I will  say it again. The Agency in charge of protecting our election  infrastructure against cyber threats has no idea how many vulnerable  voting machines are out there right now. That is a big problem.   An even bigger problem is the inadequate laws. Right now, there are  no mandatory Federal cyber security standards for elections. There is  no law or regulation that says States can't use insecure machines. It  is perfectly legal for the biggest voting machine company in America-- and these voting machine companies basically think they are above the  law; they wouldn't even answer basic questions when I asked them--to  sell a small county equipment that every cyber security expert in  America knows is insecure. It is perfectly legal for a county clerk to  put the outcome of a Presidential election at risk by buying insecure  machines.   I will just say to my colleagues, I don't think this has anything to  do with Democrats or Republicans. I believe it is an out-and-out  scandal--an out-and-out scandal that does a disservice to our country  and particularly the sacred right to make sure that all Americans can  vote and have their vote counted.   Congress has poured hundreds of millions of dollars into election  technology since 2016, but without required cyber security standards, a  huge portion of that money is going to go towards voting machines and  election systems that are not much better than the insecure systems  they are replacing.   The Congress must do better. Voluntary standards or just saying to  the local governments ``We are just going to let you do your own  thing'' will not cut it on cyber security. It is up to the Congress to  get serious, finally, about providing for the security of our  elections.   I have been pushing hard for hand-marked paper ballots and risk- limiting audits as key defenses against the hackers. The hackers are,  in effect, burglars out there knocking on windows just looking for an  opportunity to exploit. We need a stronger defense against these  hackers, and it is critical.   In addition to the hand-marked paper ballots and the risk-limiting  audits, it is critical for Congress to pass legislation giving the  Federal Government the authority to require basic cyber security for  election infrastructure. In my view, anything less is waiving a white  flag to foreign hackers.   By blocking any and all election security legislation, I believe  Donald Trump and the majority here in the Senate are in effect rolling  out the red carpet for all of the hostile foreign actors I have  mentioned here and saying: Look, there are holes in our cyber security.  Come on in, and interfere in our democracy.   We are better than that. I am going to be working with Democrats and  Republicans to ensure that--especially in light of the developments  that were reported on just in the last 72 hours about the out-of-date  software that we are seeing in our voting machines all across the  country--I am going to work with Democrats and Republicans to put the  security and the integrity of our votes--a process that is sacred in  our country--first.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   