 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, as the vice chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee of the  House Armed Services Committee, improving road safety at and around our  military facilities is an important part of maintaining and enhancing  military readiness.   Simply put, if our servicemen and -women can't safely drive, they  can't safely train, and that puts our military at a distinct  disadvantage.   We have dozens of military facilities across our country, but I want  to give you one example of how prioritizing road safety will improve  our readiness.   My district, made up of Burlington and Ocean Counties in New Jersey,  is home to Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. The joint base is a key  military training facility, but the lack of proper investment in road  safety projects has impeded our military's ability to train.   By building a simple overpass over Route 539, the Army Reserve would  have access to more than hundreds of additional training acres. Because  one-third of Army reservists live within a short drive of under 4 hours  from the joint base, additional training would save us money and give  them more time with their families.   Furthermore, this would allow the Army Reserve to conduct much-needed  training exercises with night vision equipment used in war zones,  training exercises that they simply cannot execute because the roads  aren't safe enough.   This is one example, but it is not the only one.   This is a chance for us to stand with our servicemen and -women, a  chance for us to stand for readiness, and a chance for us to stand for  safety.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for the men and women across our country  who serve and the adoption of this commonsense amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms.  Wasserman Schultz).    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her  words of support here.   This is something that I find all of us are committed to, in terms of  ensuring that our armed services men and women have everything that  they need to be able to do their jobs and be able to have the success  of their missions.   Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her support, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   