 Madam Chair, my amendment is intended to ensure that the  Northern Mariana Islands Nutritional Assistance Program has enough  funding, so that household income eligibility standards and benefit  levels currently in place for FY19 are kept in place throughout FY20.   We do not want anyone removed from eligibility or barred from the  program because there is not enough money next year.   We do not want anyone to have their benefits cut. We have worked hard  and long to raise benefits in the Marianas to match neighboring Guam  and to meet the true costs of food in our islands. We do not want that  progress lost.   I do not expect cuts to happen. We provided generously for the  Marianas in the disaster supplemental appropriation enacted earlier  this month, Public Law 116-20. We appropriated $25.2 million for  disaster nutrition assistance in response to the Presidentially  declared major disasters--we had two last year: Typhoon Mangkut and  Super Typhoon Yutu--and for emergencies. And we made the funds  available for all fiscal year 2020.   The Marianas had already used $10.6 million of our annual block grant  and other monies to pay for disaster nutrition assistance in response  to these two typhoons. It is the intent of Congress that the new  disaster funding in Public Law 116-20 be applied retroactively to make  whole those other funding sources.   Going forward, we are concerned about the economic emergency that has  developed in the aftermath of the typhoons. Tourism, the primary driver  of the economy, is down significantly; and Commonwealth government  revenues have fallen. As a result, local government employees have had  their hours reduced from 40 to 32 per week. Public school teachers are  being forced to agree to a salary cut. The reduced consumer purchasing  power will accelerate the economic downturn.   During the period of recession and government austerity that occurred  from 2008 through 2012, the demand on the nutritional assistance  program increased by 44 percent. This scenario may well now repeat.  Congress recognizes that, because of the nexus between the typhoon  disasters and the subsequent economic emergency, any new demand on the  nutritional assistance program in fiscal year 2020 should be addressed  with disaster funding provided in Public Law 116-20.   It is not certain, however, that the disaster supplemental  appropriation will cover all contingencies.   To prepare for any eventuality, the amendment I offer makes clear  that SNAP contingency funds are a permissible source should  [[Page H4943]]  the Marianas nutritional assistance program face a shortfall in fiscal  2020.   It is a ``belt and suspenders'' proposition. Only needed if, for some  reason, disaster funds prove insufficient. This use of the contingency  funds is statutorily authorized under the broad discretion given to the  Secretary in 48 U.S.C. 1469d(c) to extend to the Marianas any program  administered by the Department of Agriculture. The Secretary is also  authorized to waive or modify any statutory requirements relating to  the provision of assistance under such programs when he deems it  necessary in order to adapt the programs to the Marianas needs.   My amendment makes clear Congress' intent: that no household eligible  for food assistance under the income standards in effect for FY19 will  be denied benefits in FY20 and that the benefit amounts being provided  in FY19 will not be reduced in FY20.   I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.   