 Mr. President, tonight we will consider overriding  Presidential vetoes to S.J. Res. 28 through 48, resolutions regarding  arms sales that were the subject of a May 24 emergency declaration from  the Secretary of State. I urge my colleagues to sustain these vetoes,  and to consider these sales on their own merits.   I noted several key points when addressing these sales last month,  and those points remain valid today. This emergency declaration was  legal, and the sales are necessary for the legitimate security  interests of our partners. Rejecting these sales at this time will  reward recent Iranian aggression and risk Iranian miscalculation, which  will lead to disaster if Iran continues down its current path. These  sales are unrelated to Jamal Khashoggi, and these resolutions will do  nothing to achieve much-needed accountability for his murder or to  otherwise change Saudi behavior.   We have discussed at length in recent weeks the history of  Presidential emergency authorities and the fact that Presidents of both  parties have used such authorities on four previous occasions. I won't  repeat that discussion other than to note that this use of the  authority is consistent with historical precedent. I will also  emphasize that the administration has since returned to standard  practice for arms sales, has stated that this declaration was a one- time event, and has committed to respecting the law and the role of  Congress in this process. I expect them to honor that commitment.   We have also talked about the reasons our partners need the  capabilities in these sales. Our partners have an obligation to protect  the lives of their citizens and their own national interests. These  sales provide critical capabilities for such protection. Their need for  these capabilities has only grown in the last month, as Iran and its  proxies have grown even more aggressive.   As it has escalated its use of force, Iran has so far avoided the  type of provocation that would demand a U.S. response. Neither the  President, nor Congress, nor the American people want war, but Iran's  actions and public statements remain separated from reality. Iran  appears eager to continue to test American resolve. Iran should not  mistake President Trump's reasonable restraint as an indicator of any  hesitation on his part to protect U.S. lives and interests. We, as the  Senate, should not add to any possible confusion. If we adopt these  resolutions, we risk inadvertently encouraging Iranian miscalculation.   I remain highly concerned with the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, the  devastating impact of the war on Yemeni civilians, and the terrible  human rights record of the Saudi Government. I am encouraged by the  recent Emirati decision to end their involvement in the war in Yemen,  and I encourage others to see this as an opportunity to pursue a  political solution for a peaceful settlement.   I know many of my colleagues see these resolutions and similar  legislation as a means to send a message to the Saudi Government. I  fear, however, that the message the Saudis receive will not be the one  intended. So let me take this opportunity to say to our Saudi partners  that they must change their policies on human rights.   I will close by reemphasizing my key points. The emergency  declaration was legal, and the sales are needed for the legitimate  defense requirements of our partners. This vote also invites Iranian  miscalculation. I urge my colleagues to sustain the President's veto.   