 Madam Speaker, I want to echo Representative Cole's  praise for Chairman McGovern for leading for years in this body in  helping Congress reassert its role on matters of war and peace.   I want to just note the difference procedurally of what happened.  Every time we introduced this in the last Congress, Speaker Ryan didn't  allow a vote. He tied a vote on Yemen with a vote on endangered wolves.   In contrast, Chairman McGovern, not only is he allowing a vote on the  resolution of Yemen, he is allowing a vote on an amendment that  Representative Buck has offered that I oppose vehemently, that I went  to him and I said, ``This is going to gut the entire resolution.''   What did Chairman McGovern do? Did he say, ``Oh, we will go behind  closed doors. Don't worry. We won't allow a vote?'' No. He said, ``We  are going to bring it to a vote on this floor.''   I said, ``Do we have the votes?''   He said, ``I don't know.''   Why are we bringing it to the floor? Because that is a democracy.  That is what we are supposed to do in a democracy.   We will have the votes. You know how I know we are going to have the  votes and it is going to be a bipartisan vote? Because when Lindsay  Graham is quoted saying he may vote in support of the resolution, you  know there is going to be an overwhelming vote.   I want to just address one point, because Representative Cole is one  of the more thoughtful Members here and I take what he says very  seriously, but on the War Powers Act, we just disagree. When you read  the plain reading of the War Powers, it says that the United States  Armed Forces cannot be assigned to coordinate, participate, or  accompany any foreign government's military when they are in  hostilities.    Madam Speaker, our forces are coordinating with the Saudi  forces. I concede to Members we don't have troops there, but the War  Powers Resolution was written broadly, precisely because we wanted  Congress to have a say.   And, Representative Cole, I am convinced if one of our allies, like  Israel or another country, were attacked; I have enough confidence in  this body that we would make the right decision. This is a matter of  the Congress' right to have a say on matters of war and peace, and I  thank Chairman McGovern for bringing this for a vote.    Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Engel for his extraordinary  leadership to help bring a war in Yemen to an end. I want to thank him  and Chairman McGovern, Speaker Pelosi, and Majority Leader Hoyer, for  finally speaking up for the millions of Yemenis who are on the brink of  starvation.   This is not a complex issue. For the last 2 years, we have been  assisting the Saudis in bombing Yemeni civilians; and the reports say  there are 14 million Yemenis who face starvation; 14 million.    Let's put that in context: 800,000 people died in Rwanda; 100,000 in  Bosnia, and 14 million face famine in Yemen. And it is not because the  world doesn't have enough food or medicine to get in there. It is  because there is a systematic bombing preventing the food and medicine  to get in.   We want to send the food. We want to send medicine, but the Saudis  aren't allowing that food and medicine to get in.   And what do we know about Saudi Arabia? We know that they were  responsible for the murder of Khashoggi. We know recently, that MBS  admitted that he wanted Khashoggi dead.   We know that they, the Saudis, are supplying arms to al-Qaida in  Yemen who are fighting our troops. The Saudis are giving arms to the  very people who are fighting our troops. This is why Senator Lindsey  Graham has said he may support this resolution.   The only patriotic thing, if you care about our troops, if you care  about American interests, if you care about the outrage that the Saudis  are inflicting on Americans, and on the world, the only patriotic thing  to do is to vote  [[Page H1545]]  for this resolution. I am convinced it will pass with a bipartisan  majority.   