 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, here we are again debating another spending  package that does absolutely nothing to address our $22 trillion  national debt.   The bill before us today proposes to spend $24.5 billion, which is  more than $1.4 billion over last year's total. This puts us further  down a path toward busting the budget caps.   Mr. Chair, I respect my colleagues on the other side of the aisle,  but I sincerely worry that they do not understand the dangers that lay  ahead with these bloated spending packages.   Here is a glimpse. Our children will face a less prosperous future  and our national security will be needlessly threatened through the  inevitable sequestration that results from busting the budget caps.   My amendment is simple. It would reduce nondefense spending in this  bill by 14 percent, which is the level needed to avoid the outcome that  I just described.   There is no reason that Washington can't do what American families do  [[Page H5186]]  each and every day, which is living within their budget.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, a few billion dollars here, a few billion  dollars there, $25 billion over there, eventually it adds up. That is  why the American people are demanding now more than ever for their  Nation's leaders to do something about a $22-trillion-and-growing  national debt.   Mr. Chairman, we are running out of time to put our fiscal house in  order. Deficits will soon top $1 trillion and grow to nearly $2  trillion over the next decades.   My constituents back home in northeast Indiana see this reckless  spending and ever-growing national debt and they ask me every time I go  home, Are you serious?   It is a valid question, Mr. Chairman, and I honestly don't know what  to tell them, when we have spending bills like the one before us that  spends more than ever before on this particular division, just like the  other seven divisions that we voted on previously.   I have offered this amendment now seven other times in addition to  today in an attempt to prevent sequestration and the devastating  effects it will have on our Nation's military. Our national security is  dependent upon the state of our fiscal house, and unfortunately, these  spending bills do nothing to protect the security and prosperity of our  Nation.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to cut 14  percent of nondefense spending in this bill, to rein in out-of-control  spending.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   