 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Montana for his  comments on the USMCA.   I come to the floor today to talk about a farm tour that I have done  every year that I have been in the Senate. This is a tradition that  started when I was in the House of Representatives with the wheat  growers in Colorado, where we go around the Fourth Congressional  District talking about those issues that matter to our farmers in the  wheat business. Colorado's Fourth Congressional District raises the  vast majority of wheat in the State of Colorado, and about 87 percent  of that wheat gets exported.   Senator Daines' comments on the USMCA and what that means for Eastern  Colorado are incredibly important. I hope that is a bipartisan effort  that we can all get behind in the House and the Senate, and, of course,  it has to start in the House, and we need the House to act as quickly  as possible because those wheat farmers in Eastern Colorado need the  certainty of new markets. The cattlemen in Colorado need the certainty  of new markets and existing markets. That is exactly what the USMCA  will do. I commend my colleague for his words on the USMCA.   Over the last several months, I have been participating in this  annual Colorado farm tour that I undertake every year with not only my  staff but producers from across Colorado. It is in conjunction with a  number of organizations in Colorado, like the Colorado Farm Bureau,  Colorado wheat growers, corn growers, cattlemen, and others,  [[Page S6056]]  who all come together to show us every aspect of Colorado agriculture,  from the production itself to the actual processing and finishing of  agricultural products.   We drove hundreds of miles across the State of Colorado, starting in  Greeley at a cheese-making plant. Almost all of the milk that is  produced in Colorado--Colorado being one of the highest milk-producing  States in the country--goes into cheese that every American gets to  enjoy. Whether it is Domino's pizza or Papa John's pizza, that cheese  most likely comes from Colorado. This is a great opportunity on this  tour to connect all four corners of Colorado and the work that we do in  agriculture and to hear their concerns.   We ended the farm tour at the State Fair in Pueblo.   What was particularly special about this year's farm tour, though,  was, of course, being joined by the Colorado Farm Bureau, and the fact  that it is the 100th year anniversary of the Colorado Farm Bureau.  Congratulations to the Colorado Farm Bureau. We will be talking about  that more over the next several months. Congratulations on this very  historic anniversary, and thank you so much for joining this tour and  making it happen once again.   As Members of Congress, all of us are used to discussing policy  topics, but keeping farming and ranching at the forefront and keeping  rural America at the forefront of those discussions is critically  important because we need to focus specifically on those issues facing  our farming and ranching communities.   In Colorado, the ag community accounts for more than 170,000 jobs. It  is responsible for more than $40 billion in economic activity. It is  one of the largest economic drivers in our State--a State that has been  transformed by energy jobs and high-tech aerospace jobs. Agriculture  remains one of the highest job sectors in the State.   Even though it is so vital to our State, we know how much of a  struggle it has been in agriculture over the last several years.  According to the Department of Agriculture, 2019 farm income is  projected to be down 49 percent from its peak in 2013. Over the last 6  years, we have seen a nearly 50-percent drop in farm income. Debt held  by our farmers and ranchers is at $409 billion this year. That is up  from $385 billion the year before. There is significant worry in the  heartland about what is happening to our agricultural communities and  the future of farming and ranching in this country.   One way to immediately help to provide solutions to solve this  problem for farmers and ranchers is to make sure that we implement the  2018 farm bill programs as quickly and expeditiously as we can and that  we resolve outstanding trade disputes, that we pass the USMCA, and that  we resolve the trade dispute with China so that we can continue to open  up new markets, develop new markets, and thrive with existing markets.   When an industry that accounts for nearly 11 percent of our Nation's  employment is struggling like agriculture is, we simply can't wait any  longer to provide help. We must act now to put the ag community back on  the path to sustainability, so that not only current generations of  farmers and ranchers can continue in operation but new generations of  farmers and ranchers can come back to Colorado, North Dakota, and  States across this country to make sure they have bright futures in  agriculture.   Even in the face of difficult times, we saw on this tour how farmers  and ranchers are innovating and looking to address new markets to  increase their incomes. They are opening up new markets through the  Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, whether that is a trade agreement with  ASEAN or Taiwan.   Another example is clean energy opportunities that our farmers have  embraced. On one of the stops during the tour, we visited a farm in  Eastern Colorado near Limon, CO, to talk about what wind production  means for that rancher. The farmer leased the land, the area, to Xcel  Energy, which is Colorado's largest investor-owned utility, to install  wind turbines, which provides them with an alternative source of  income.   Another rancher in the county talked about how they may earn as much  as $5,000 per turbine for the wind operations on their ranch. If you  think about it, this farmer had 20 turbines on his land--that is $5,000  times 20. That is $100,000 in income that this farmer would not have  otherwise had. Farm income is down 50 percent, farm debt has increased,  but this wind production, with a very small footprint, may be the  difference between keeping in operation this year and next year. We  have to welcome that kind of diversified agriculture opportunity.   Another example of diversified income for agricultural producers is  in Springfield, CO, in the far southeastern area of the State, where we  visited a hemp processing plant. This Chamber has done great work when  it comes to hemp, a new value-added opportunity for farmers and  ranchers in Colorado. When this hemp processing plant is fully up and  running, they are hoping to employ around 50 people. We went to this  facility, and there is millions of dollars of equipment being invested  in a small town. Employees will have a shop, a gym, and recreational  facilities. They are going to build a lake there and hire 50 employees  in Springfield. I remember asking one of the other county commissioners  who was on the tour with us in Baca County: Did you ever imagine a day  when one business would bring 50 employees to Springfield?   The answer was very quick: No, never at all.   This as an incredible opportunity, not only for the farmers in the  area but the community that will now benefit from 50 good-paying jobs  with benefits. That is just one other source of revenue that we can  achieve.   We also had the opportunity to visit Agriculture Research Station in  Akron, CO, where they are doing tremendous research on dryland oilseeds  and new technologies. One of the things we talked about is how we can  make it more effective to produce dryland crops and how we can make  oilseed opportunities available for additional value-added  opportunities in the area.   We also had opportunities on the farm tour to talk about mental  health needs and what is happening in our communities. On too many  stops during the farm tour, I heard about the impact that our  struggling ag economy is having on the mental health of farmers and  ranchers. A 2016 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study found  that agricultural workers have a higher suicide rate than any other  occupation.   When we passed the farm bill in 2018, we also included language  called the FARMERS FIRST Act, which will help to create mental health  opportunities for those involved in agriculture and help to make sure  that we have suicide assistance and prevention training for mental  health assistance and suicide prevention efforts for farm advocates to  help create support groups and reestablish the Farm and Ranch Stress  Assistance Network. That needs to be something that we all talk about  back home with our agricultural community. Because they have provided  food and fiber for this country and, certainly, the world, we need to  make sure we are supporting them in every way.   We also talked about how we saw a nearly 40-percent increase in  admissions for meth addiction in Colorado between 2011 and 2018. While  we talk a lot about opiate addictions in this country, it is actually  meth that our sheriffs are most concerned about in our rural areas.  While we address the opiate epidemic, we also have to be giving and  providing new tools and resources to deal with the addiction scourge of  methamphetamine.   Alarmingly, a significant number of that meth is coming into Colorado  from, basically, industrial-scale manufacturing facilities and  sophisticated operations in Mexico and China. We need to make sure that  we disrupt those operations. We need to advocate more for the High  Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program and the anti-methamphetamine  task force to help law enforcement prevent cartels from getting these  kinds of drugs into the country and continue to work on programs like  the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to focus  on recovery resources and prevention.   Everywhere we went on the farm tour, we heard about the labor  shortage, whether it was the cheese-making facility or whether it was  the ranch or the hospitals that we visited on the farm tour. They  talked about the need  [[Page S6057]]  for labor. We need a guest worker program that meets the needs of labor  in this country.   Housing issues seem to be something that we don't talk about when it  comes to our rural areas. We talk a lot about it when it comes to the  Denvers and the mountain communities and resort communities. Our rural  areas are facing housing shortages and needs, as well. We introduced  legislation and are working on legislation out of this farm tour to  help focus our labor and housing shortage needs.   I have talked about trade and the opportunities we have with trade to  open up new markets and to resolve current trade issues, and we need to  continue to work on that.   While the agricultural community is currently facing very serious  issues, I want to be clear that our farmers and ranchers are as strong  as ever.   Growing up on the Eastern Plains of Colorado and still living in the  heartland of Colorado agriculture, I have always observed the  incredible positive impact that agriculture has on our communities-- rural communities and urban centers as well. When the Federal  Government gets out of the way of farmers and ranchers and growers and  allows good things to happen, that is when our rural communities grow  and thrive.   A couple of weeks ago, we had the opportunity to celebrate National  Farmers Day. It was a day to celebrate the great community that has  always been the backbone of this Nation, but we can never express all  of our thanks to this industry simply on 1 day of the year.   To all of our farmers and ranchers, to those who make our breakfast,  lunch, and dinners possible by providing abundant food and fiber for  this country and this world, I am grateful for them and look forward to  continuing to work on new solutions and better opportunities in the  years to come.   I yield the floor.   