 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, yesterday the Rules Committee spent 8 hours  considering whether to bring H. Res. 755, the Articles of Impeachment,  to the House floor. Given the four-to-nine ratio of Republicans to  Democrats on the committee, it is no surprise that we are now  considering the articles before us.   Despite robust debate on the so-called facts derived from the  impeachment investigation and the process by which they were obtained,  Democrats and Republicans remain in opposition to each other on our  conclusions.   As outlined yesterday by Ranking Member Collins and several members  of the Rules Committee through direct quotes, some Democrats have been  seeking President Trump's impeachment since his inauguration. The rush  to impeach first and solidify the case second threatens the credibility  of the process and threatens the credibility of the body engaged, this  very House of Representatives.   In fact, it has been quoted before and it will be quoted again today,  I suspect, Chairman Nadler recognized the gravity of impeachment when  he stated in December of 1998, ``The effect of impeachment is to  overturn the popular will of the voters as expressed in a national  election. There must never be a narrowly voted impeachment or an  impeachment substantially supported by one of our major political  parties and largely opposed by the other. Such an impeachment would  lack legitimacy, would produce divisiveness and bitterness in our  politics for years to come. And will call into question the very  legitimacy of our political institutions.''   On October 31, this House voted to authorize the official impeachment  investigation in H. Res. 660. The process outlined in H. Res. 660 did  not include the robust minority protections afforded the minority party  in previous impeachment investigations. Even more concerning, Chairman  Nadler and Chairman Schiff refused to comply with the very rules of the  House in granting access to committee records for members in scheduling  a minority hearing in a reasonable amount of time, thus preventing the  American people from being equally represented in the process.   Refusing to allow members to access their own records, these are  records of the Members of the House of Representatives, and we were not  allowed to access these records obtained down in secret under armed  guard in the Intelligence Committee, but it is required under section  2(e) of rule XI, and they have denied members the ability to do their  job.   The Judiciary Committee did not hear testimony from even one fact  witness, not even one, after they received a deluge of materials from  the Intelligence Committee. This reversal of responsibility is indeed  unprecedented.   But turning to the case upon which the argument is based, we had a  whistleblower, not a fact witness, a whistleblower who never appeared  before any Member of Congress that we know of, a whistleblower  complaint concerning a congratulatory call between President Trump and  President Zelensky of Ukraine.   The whistleblower is known to have had contact with Chairman Schiff's  staff while Republicans were denied any contact. The whistleblower  complaint is not based on first-hand knowledge, and the call transcript  that was to support impeachment reveals nothing more than a  congratulatory phone call.   A request for investigations as to how American foreign aid will be  spent does not equal soliciting election interference. The evidence  brought before us does not amount to a high crime; indeed, it does not  amount to any crime.   Democrats claim that we must protect the integrity of our election.  If you really cared, then I have to ask, what are we missing while we  have been focused on impeachment? We tied up the Intelligence  Committee. We tied up the Judiciary Committee. And, oh, by the way, the  Ways and Means Committee had to give up their room. They couldn't even  meet while you were doing all of this.   This impeachment investigation is being painted as a protection  against future interference, when in reality President Trump's request  looks back at the 2016 election. Russia is the winner in this exchange  because they have disrupted the process.   