 Madam Speaker, this week, as the humanitarian  crisis at our southern border escalates, House Democrats want to pass a  bill that will actually make this situation even worse.   Daily border crossings at our southern border have hit record highs  in a decade. Until just a few weeks ago, my colleagues across the aisle  were calling this a manufactured crisis, but the numbers don't lie. On  average, 4,500 individuals are apprehended each day trying to illegally  cross our southern border.   Border Patrol is completely overwhelmed; ICE facilities are full; and  HHS is at risk of running out of the resources necessary to take care  of unaccompanied children. Yet my colleagues across the aisle want to  just ignore this humanitarian crisis and, instead, pass a bill to  actually encourage and reward illegal entrants and incentivize further  illegal immigration.   H.R. 6 provides amnesty to millions of people, placing the interests  of those who broke our laws above the interests of those who followed  our laws.   The bill also has no enforcement provisions and includes loopholes  that make gang members and other criminals eligible for green cards. It  even requires that U.S. taxpayers fund grant programs to help illegal  immigrants obtain green cards.   Most notably, it fails to provide any additional resources for law  enforcement personnel at our border.   And let's be realistic about this. We all know this is dead on  arrival at the Senate, and here we are just wasting our time.   Congress actually has the power and the responsibility to address the  humanitarian crisis at our southern border. Unfortunately, my  colleagues across the aisle are too busy playing party politics.   I want to thank Ranking Member Doug Collins for introducing  legislation that will actually fix the root causes of the problem at  our southern border, and I ask my colleagues across the aisle to end  this desperate political showmanship and, instead, just work with us to  address this devastating security and humanitarian crisis at our  southern border.   