 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it started sounding too familiar to me.  For a long time on Capitol Hill, I have been involved in public policy  debates about Big Tobacco, about nicotine and cigarettes, and about the  public health consequences of smoking. It is a personal issue, of  course, for me and for so many of us.   Our families have been touched by tobacco-related disease and death.  I lost my father to lung cancer. He was 53 years old. He smoked two  packs of Camels a day. I stood by his bedside when I was just a high  school student and saw what tobacco could do.   When I was elected to Congress, I decided to try to take on Big  Tobacco. It was not an easy task. Those in Big Tobacco had very many  friends in high places, and they made it clear in both political  parties in the House of Representatives that tobacco was untouchable.   I offered an amendment, quite a few years ago now, to ban smoking on  airplanes. It was really because of my irritation and strong feelings  that the people who were on the plane who were nonsmokers shouldn't  have to breathe in secondhand smoke. To my surprise, we passed it in  the House by a handful of votes even though the leadership of both  political parties opposed it. Then it came over here, and Senator Frank  Lautenberg, of New Jersey, passed it as well. It became the law of the  land.   Neither Frank nor I could have predicted what would happen next, but  as the American people noticed that secondhand smoke was taken off of  airplanes, they started asking a lot of these questions about why you  wouldn't take it off of trains and buses and out of offices, hospitals,  restaurants, and on and on. The net result was that of a change across  America when it came to standards for smoking and tobacco cigarettes.   Then I enlisted a group that was showing extraordinary leadership in  Washington. It was called the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. Matt  Myers, the director, still works for that organization. We went to the  heart of the issue, and that was the fact that Big Tobacco was doing  its best to make teenagers its customers. It had to. It was losing too  many of its best customers because they were dying from Big Tobacco's  product.   It tried to addict children, and it was successful with ad campaigns.  The Joe Camel ads, the Marlboro cowboy, and all sorts of cartoon  figures were really appealing to children. It worked. It was able to  replenish its smokers with kids who started smoking at earlier and  earlier ages.   We went after them. Eventually, there was a national lawsuit against  the tobacco companies. We changed the standards for selling tobacco in  America. We made it much more difficult for kids to get their hands on  cigarettes, and, over time, we reduced the percentage of kids who were  using these tobacco products.   The tobacco companies faced a dilemma. They were losing their best  customers--the kids. What were they going to do to maintain their  profits?   Several years ago, it became pretty obvious that they had found an  alternative product called e-cigarettes and vaping. What was good about  this was they could make health claims about e-cigarettes and vaping.  They could argue that since you were taking tobacco out of the  equation, merely sucking in some form of nicotine vapor was preferable  from a health perspective. Yet, when it came right down to it, there  was no proof of that whatsoever.   JUUL is the biggest e-cigarette/e-vapor device maker in America. Its  full-paged ads in newspaper after newspaper have made these health  claims that, in fact, e-vaping is a healthy alternative to tobacco  cigarettes. Yet there is no proof--none.   Then something else started happening. We started noticing that all  across America, kids--the same kids who once used to be the targets of  Big Tobacco--were now the targets of Big Vaping. Vaping targets kids.  The numbers tell the story. As of 2 years ago, 11 percent of high  school students in America were vaping. A year later, there were 20  percent, and there are 27 percent today. More than one out of four high  school students is using e-cigarettes and vaping today. Even worse, 10  percent of middle school students--10-, 11-, and 12-year-olds--are  vaping.   The numbers are growing, and you wonder why. The people in the vaping  industry know how to target kids. They target them with flavors that  are designed just for kids--Razzleberry, Gummy Bears, Bubble Gum,  Unicorn Milk. How many 50-year-old chain smokers can't wait to get  Unicorn Milk flavoring for their vaping devices? It is all about kids.  The vaping industry, despite all of its public denials, has targeted  these kids and has, effectively, recruited our children to be the next  generation of vaporers for life.   How much nicotine is in that little vaping device, the one that looks  like  [[Page S5550]]  it is a flash drive for your computer? There is an equivalent amount of  nicotine in vaping as in a total pack of cigarettes. You get 20  cigarettes in one hit on a vaping device. Nicotine is a very addictive  chemical. I know from my family experience, and we all know, from those  who try for long, long times to quit using tobacco cigarettes, that the  nicotine draws them back time and again.   This addiction was underway, and I started writing letters, which  Senators do. I protested to the Food and Drug Administration, to the  Surgeon General, and to anyone else who would listen that this vaping  epidemic was dangerous--dangerous for our kids and dangerous for our  future. It took the longest time to get their attention. In fact, with  those in this new Trump administration, they initially postponed any  action against vaping until the year 2022, which would be beyond the  President's first term.   Well, I went to Dr. Gottlieb, who then was head of the FDA, and said:  You can't wait 4 years. You have to do something right now about  vaping.   He resisted for a while, but then he came around. He held a press  conference, and do you know what he called this vaping situation? An  epidemic. The head of the Food and Drug Administration, a medical  doctor, Dr. Gottlieb, called it an epidemic.   So then he left for family reasons, and he had a successor, Dr. Ned  Sharpless, Acting Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration. I  appealed to him, saying: Do something. You have the power right now to  take all of these children's flavors off of the market for vaping. You  could do it today.   Secondly, you could ban most of the vaping devices, which have never  been approved by the government. He didn't want to do it. He dragged  his feet. It went on for months.   I will have to say, in all candor and honesty, last week there was a  breakthrough. Last week, the Trump administration addressed this issue  directly.   Last Monday, the Food and Drug Administration said to JUUL, the major  manufacturer: Stop making health claims you can't prove. Stop telling  people your product is a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes.  There are no clinical trials. There is no proof, no credible medical  study you can point to, to make that claim, so stop saying it.   Then, just a couple days later, they went even further, banning the  use of these flavors that have enticed children into vaping and e- cigarettes. They have announced that probably within 30 days, as their  estimate, these are all going to have to come off the market, and in  May of next year, the companies that make them can apply to bring them  back on the market if they can prove they are good for public health.   Well, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, a Republican, and I have had  a bill for several months now on this issue. I thank her for her  bipartisan cooperation in this effort. It is great to have her by my  side. She is a terrific ally.   She and I believe none of these flavors should come back on the  market until it is proven they are not dangerous to children and that  they in fact do help adults stop smoking and can show positive results.  I think that is a hard measure, a hard standard for them to meet, and  it should be because the alternative is unacceptable--more children  addicted to e-cigarettes and vaping.   There may be a place for e-cigarettes at some point in the future. I  am not sure where it will be, but as long as they are endangering our  children with their products and their flavors, I am going to continue  to fight their efforts.   I want to say something else. Even in the midst of my battles against  Big Tobacco, I still remember what my dad went through when he tried to  stop smoking--dying of lung cancer, trying to stop smoking. It was so  hard and painful, and I watched him as a young boy and saw the struggle  he went through.   I have always said we have to show some caring and compassion for the  people who were once tobacco users and want to quit, and today we have  to show the same level of caring when it comes to all of these high  school students--5 million American high school students--who are  vaping and using e-cigarettes and should quit. We need to give them a  path, a recommendation.   I wrote to the Surgeon General last week and asked him to come up  with a plan, an educational approach, to allow these young people to  get off this nicotine addiction before it is too late.   What has happened in the past, sadly, is that many of the high  schoolers who were using e-cigarettes didn't quit completely from  anything; they moved to tobacco cigarettes with the nicotine they were  seeking in a different form.   So that is the challenge we face. After years of inaction and a lot  of telephone calls and letters and meetings, the Food and Drug  Administration has done the right thing. I hope by the end of this  year, these flavors will be off the shelf, and I hope the Food and Drug  Administration truly enforces what they announced last week.   It has been 10 years since Congress gave the Food and Drug  Administration the legal authority to regulate all tobacco products,  including e-cigarettes. There is no doubt about their legal authority.   Last year, 4 million children under the age of 18 were vaping in  America. As I mentioned, today the number is 5 million.   Over the last 2 years, we have seen a 135-percent increase in  America's children using e-cigarettes.   Ask any public health official what this means. If we didn't do  something, the numbers would continue to grow unchecked. Schools are  taking doors off of toilet stalls so kids can't sneak in and use e- cigarettes and vape between classes. Some kids are bold enough to try  to do it in class.   We have now linked e-cigarettes and vaping to over 380 cases of  confirmed and severe respiratory illness nationwide. As of last night,  in California, the seventh young person has died from vaping.   We have 52 confirmed cases and 1 reported death in Illinois, but I  can tell you that on Monday morning, one of my friends, a doctor in  Chicago, told me in private that he had visited a major hospital, and  three young people who had been vaping were hanging on by a thread to  life. Kids as young as 15 have been hospitalized.   There is no specific device or substance that has been linked to all  of these cases, but the one common denominator is e-cigarettes.   This nicotine addiction and what it leads to--especially JUUL's  devices, which are extraordinarily popular, with the highest levels of  nicotine we have seen in products legally sold in America.   Nicotine is both toxic and highly addictive. It raises blood  pressure, spikes adrenaline, and increases the risk of heart disease.  It can have short- and long-term negative health impacts on  the developing brain, particularly, including increased risk of  addiction, mood disorder, and permanent lowering of impulse control.    Kids who use e-cigarettes are three times more likely than their  peers to transition to traditional tobacco cigarettes, and they, of  course, kill almost half a million Americans a year.   So that is our problem. That is our challenge.   I would add, too, that it is time for us to start taxing this  product. For years, I have been sounding the alarm that the vaping  industry is following Big Tobacco's playbook when it comes to appealing  to our children.   I have learned over the years, in all my battles against Big Tobacco,  that the single most effective tool to prevent children from starting  the use of tobacco cigarettes is to price it out of their range.   That is why we passed cigarette taxes years ago--and many States and  localities followed suit--and why later this week I will be introducing  the Tobacco Tax Equity Act. This legislation will establish the first  Federal e-cigarette tax. It will close loopholes exploited by Big  Tobacco to avoid the taxes, and it will double the Federal Government  tax rate and peg it to inflation so it remains an effective public  health tool in the future.   Studies have shown that even a 10-percent tax lowers tobacco use by  as much as 5 percent. The Surgeon General and World Health Organization  have called it the most effective way to reduce tobacco use. I think  the same will be true for e-cigarettes.   The FDA's flavor ban announcement was an important first step. Now we  need to make sure the ban is implemented quickly and that it is  enforced strictly.  [[Page S5551]]    We need the FDA to better regulate e-cigarette devices, many of which  are easily tampered with and being used in conjunction with adulterated  and counterfeit products.   We need the Surgeon General to come up with a plan to help the  millions of kids who are now addicted, and we need to start taxing e- cigarette companies who have created today's youth vaping epidemic.   A movie we have seen before of Big Tobacco exploiting kids, finally-- finally--resulted in public action against those tobacco companies, and  the rate of teen tobacco cigarette smoking went down dramatically.  Let's not sit through that same movie again.   When it comes to vaping and e-cigarettes, let's move quickly to  protect our children.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobucher), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the  Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from  Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from  Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Members of the U.S. Senate and House of  Representatives face many votes on many subjects. Most of them you vote  on and forget very quickly. There are some you will never forget. At  least two votes that I cast here 18 years ago are on that list in terms  of my Senate service.   It was 18 years ago, and just shortly after the 9/11 attack in 2001,  in which 3,000 innocent Americans lost their lives. President George W.  Bush came to Congress and asked for authority under our Constitution to  wage a war--in fact, to wage two wars. He wanted authority from the  U.S. Senate and Congress to invade Iraq and to invade Afghanistan.  There was a long debate leading up to it about why it would be  necessary for us to start a war with those two nations.   In the case of Iraq, the argument was made that Saddam Hussein, their  leader, had weapons of mass destruction that were dangerous to the  region and, ultimately, dangerous to the United States. He was a tyrant  and everyone knew it, but those threats were the ones that led many  people to conclude that the invasion of Iraq was necessary. I  disagreed. We cast that vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate, and 23 of  us voted no--1 Republican and 22 Democrats.   It turned out, after we invaded Iraq and took a close look, there  were no weapons of mass destruction. The real basis for the war did not  exist.   Eighteen years later, having lost almost 5,000 American lives and  spent trillions of dollars, we are still in Iraq. I don't know how this  will ever end or when our troops will finally be able to come home.  Hussein is gone, for sure, but the situation in that country is  certainly not dramatically better than it was when we invaded it. We  couldn't guarantee tomorrow what is going to happen there, whether it  will be stable or friendly to the United States after all we have  invested in, all we have lost in that invasion.   At the same time, we were debating a war in Afghanistan. To me, it  was a different proposition. The administration said: We know the  terrorists responsible for 9/11 are in Afghanistan. What is our message  to those who turn around and attack the United States and kill so many  innocent people?   So I saw Afghanistan different than Iraq, and I voted for the  military effort that was undertaken to go after the terrorist  organization responsible for 9/11, the al-Qaida organization.   It took us years to find Osama bin Laden, who was responsible for  masterminding that deadly day in our history, and to finally bring him  to justice. The fact is, 18 years later, we are still in Afghanistan  today. It is hard to explain. Thousands of American lives have been  lost there. Millions, billions, maybe even trillions of dollars have  been spent. And most people agree, the day after we leave, whenever it  is, the country will revert to what it was before we walked in. There  have been 18 years of sacrifice, 18 years of suffering, and even death,  for America's patriotic soldiers. It is a reminder about these wars  that seem like such a good idea, so necessary, the right way to  respond, and here we sit with two of the longest wars in the history of  the United States.   Now the question is, Are we preparing for another war? I hate to say  those words, but I have to be honest. What this President has done in  our relationship with Iran has brought us to the moment where we have  to ask that question: Is the President preparing to ask us to go to war  against Iran?   The first thing he did--one of the first things--was to disparage the  Iran nuclear agreement, an agreement entered into under President Obama  to stop the development of nuclear weapons in Iran. I thought it was a  good agreement. I supported it and still do. I am not making any  excuses for Iran. They are engaged in conduct around the world that is  inspiring terrorism and threatening our allies and friends. I am making  no excuses for that. But to make certain that Iran did not have nuclear  weapons in the future was the right thing to do.   We entered into this agreement under President Obama. China, Russia,  European nations, and others joined us, and we sent international  inspectors into that country. They reported back to us regularly that  there was no evidence of the development of nuclear weapons, and every  door was open to them. We had surveillance on the ground in a country  that has been largely secretive and isolated. I thought that was the  right thing to do, and I still do. President Trump disagreed, and the  United States withdrew from the Iran nuclear agreement.   Since then, there has been an escalation of tension between our two  nations, between Iran and the United States. Some of it is, clearly, a  reaction by the Iranians to sanctions that we have imposed, which have  caused great problems with Iran and their oil supply. They have  answered in kind by threatening oil tankers from other countries. It is  the kind of escalation you would expect two countries that  [[Page S5566]]  are leading up to a confrontation to engage in. Now the questions are,  Will we, in fact, go to war, and if we are prepared to, will this  President--Donald Trump--follow the Constitution of the United States?    The votes I talked about 18 years ago gave the people of the United  States, through their elected representatives, a decision-making part  of the process. Their Members of Congress voted. The question is  whether President Trump will follow his constitutional responsibility  in coming to Congress for the authority to engage in a war in Iran.   I certainly don't believe the vote I took 18 years ago, before many  of the Members of the Senate were even here, has authorized him or any  President to invade Iran. That was never even considered when we were  in that debate.   Now the question is, Will he come forward and give the American  people a voice in this process in deciding whether we are going to war?   I, for one, look at this with great skepticism and even negativity. A  war is so much easier to get into than it is to get out of. We have  proven that over and over again. Politicians who make the speeches and  rationalize these wars are usually not the ones who face combat and  death on the battlefield. That is turned over to our young women and  men in uniform who bravely fight for the causes we identify as  politicians.   I would sincerely hope what Senator Udall has brought to the floor,  to open a conversation and discussion, is really taken to heart by the  American people and, more importantly, by the White House. As Senator  Udall has reminded us, any President--this President--needs the  constitutional authority to bring this Nation into a war. Without that  authority, he cannot and should not move forward.   They point to the recent attacks on Saudi Arabia and their oilfields.  Of course, they were terrible. Whether they came from Houthi rebels in  Yemen or whether they came from Iran itself, it is terrible, but the  fact is, the United States has not signed an agreement saying we are  prepared to defend Saudi Arabia, whoever attacks them.   We want to have a good alliance with them--it is difficult with the  current leadership--but we haven't entered into a mutual defense pact  by any means. When Saudi Arabia is attacked, we are not required to  muster our American troops in their defense. We should take care and be  thoughtful and not escalate this situation.   Senator Udall's amendment regarding Iran is a straightforward and  timely reaffirmation of what is already in article I, section 8 of the  U.S. Constitution--only the U.S. Congress can declare war. I am pleased  to join him and others in this legislative effort to reaffirm that  without the consent of Congress, no war with Iran is authorized. I hope  the Defense authorization conferees will keep this in mind.   This Congress has rubberstamped too many of the President's worst  instincts. We must not do so again and march into another war in the  Middle East. Two wars still going, still costing American lives, even  to this day, are way too many. A third war at this point is  unthinkable.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are  necessarily absent.   