 Madam Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to  bring up this amendment today.   This amendment is pretty simple. In division E, section 106 has a  provision that says that no funds in this act or any other act may be  used to carry out any activities that would include transferring or  effectively modifying the mission of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.  I understand that it is pretty clear plain language, section 106,  division E.   The problem is this: If the performance of the agency were stellar, I  would understand that, and perhaps we would try and protect it, but let  me throw out a few statistics painting a picture of what it is that we  are dealing with.   The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, today, has a $100 billion backlog  in authorized projects--$100 billion. These projects are projects like  sustaining communities, resilience projects, flood protection,  ecological restoration, deepening navigation channels.   Let me tell a little about the performance of the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers, Madam Chair.   You can look at ports in other countries. They have been able to  facilitate the Post-Panamax, the larger vessels.   In the United States, we are years or decades behind where we should  be, putting our ports at a disadvantage, resulting in our consumers  paying higher prices for those goods that are being shipped.   In regards to ecological restoration in my home State of Louisiana,  we lost 2,000 square miles of our coastal wetlands, had billions of  dollars in restoration projects authorized, and none of them are moving  forward--not even starting, in most cases.   We have hurricane and flood protection projects. I don't have to  remind anyone here. Hurricanes Irma, Maria, Michael, Florence; North  Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Texas, Louisiana, Puerto  Rico, the Virgin Islands. These places were pounded. People died  because of the lack of resilience, the lack of these projects being  carried out.   Lastly, Madam Chair, my home State of Louisiana, going back to 2005,  I heard a little while ago somebody talking about Hurricane Katrina.  What people don't realize or don't understand, the project that was  designed to stop that flooding, that devastation, the loss of 1,200 to  1,500 of my brothers, sisters, friends, relatives, neighbors, fellow  Louisianians, that project was authorized, dates back to the 1970s, and  it wasn't finished. It wasn't finished in 2005.   I am not asking to move the cord. I am asking to look at how to  improve, how to modify this. Let's look at a better result to where we  are not spending as we have in recent years, $1.7 trillion responding  to countless disasters across this country that have cost our Nation  over $1 billion a pop.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I just heard comments from  folks saying that Congress needs to step in. The Transportation  Committee should look at this and act, and perhaps propose  reorganization legislation or studies, and other things. And I hate to  bring this up, but Congress did just that.   Let me say it again. Congress did just that. Section 1102 of the  Water Resources Development Act of 2018, which you both supported,  included language which actually says that the National Academies of  Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, and the Corps of Engineers should  enter into an agreement to look at more efficient delivery of Corps of  Engineers' projects.   This amendment doesn't move the Corps of Engineers out. What it does  is, it says, clearly, there is a problem. And if the problem is  Congress and the funding, then that is what the study will determine.  Let them go. Let them do the analysis, just like we did on a bipartisan  basis.   Congresswoman Esty and I offered the amendment. It was unanimously  accepted. It passed in this House twice, and it is law today. That is  all I am asking for. I am baffled that folks are afraid of information,  perhaps better ideas, on how to deliver these projects.    I understand that people have their perception of where the problems  are. Madam Chairwoman, if I bring anything to this Chamber, I have  spent more time working on Corps of Engineers projects than anybody  else and, in fact, I am going to go so far as to say than everybody  else in this Chamber combined.   I would be happy to throw the stats out. This is what I used to do. I  used to work with the Corps of Engineers on a daily basis doing  billions and billions of dollars' worth of projects.   This is a flawed process. We routinely were able to build projects  that the Corps of Engineers designed for one-half to one-third the  cost. Madam Chairwoman, what that does is, it allows it to build double  or triple the amount of projects for the same cost.   If we need to get this backlog broken then, certainly, that is an  efficiency that we can bring to the table. Why are people afraid of  information? This status quo is not working. I shudder to think about  what everyone is going to do and say next time we have a catastrophic  disaster in an area where there is a Corps of Engineers project that  sat there for decades.   This is a flawed process. The status quo has failed. I urge adoption  of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   