 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that would  provide an additional $1 million increase to the NASA Office of  Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Engagement for the  purpose of supporting the National Space Grant College and Fellowship  Program also known as Space Grant.   I first want to thank Chairman Serrano and the House Appropriations  Committee for providing $48 million for the Space Grant Program,  especially given that the President's fiscal year 2020 budget request  proposed an entire elimination of not only the Space Grant Program, but  also the entire Office of STEM Engagement.   Founded in 1989, the NASA Space Grant Program is made up of a  national network of colleges and universities. It is a program that  inspires, educates, and develops America's future technological  workforce with hands-on projects, courses, and research, ensuring that  our next generation is excited and equipped to thrive in our Nation's  aeronautics and space programs.   I would be remiss if I didn't say that my district, Colorado's Second  District, which I am proud to represent, is home to three Space Grant  consortium members: Colorado State University in Fort Collins; the  University of Colorado in Boulder; and Front Range Community College.   These institutions support almost 300 students, preparing them for  successful STEM careers. In April, I was proud to lead a bipartisan  letter with the entire Colorado delegation in support of this program.   The program doesn't just provide benefits to my home State, but to  the entire country, Space Grants consist of over 850 affiliates and 52  total consortia across the country. There is one in every State, as  well as the District of Columbia.   From reaching Mars, to exploring the depths of the galaxy, if we want  to ensure that our Nation remains on a path of discovery and  innovation, we must invest in our students and education.   With that, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment before them,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama,  and as he articulated, I think there is incredible work happening with  respect to the Space Grant Program in his State, in my State, and in  States across the country.   With that, I appreciate the ability to offer the amendment, and I  urge a ``yes'' vote.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have another amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of funding for a  critical, lifesaving program, the National Instant Criminal Background  Check System, or NICS. We know that background checks save lives.   Since the NICS background check system was put into effect, over 38  million background checks have been conducted, preventing over 3  million firearm purchases from ending up in the wrong hands.   In 2018, Colorado conducted 340,816 checks against the NICS system  with 6,279 denials. Making sure that guns are not sold to people who  should not have them is one of the most important things we can do to  prevent gun violence. But we can, and we must do more to strengthen the  background check system.   The dangers of an incomplete system are clear. Just about 2 years ago  in November of 2017, a gunman walked into a church in Sutherland  Springs, Texas, and fatally shot more than two dozen people.   The shooter was prohibited from owning a firearm due to a domestic  violence conviction he received while serving in the military, but the  Air Force failed to upload the proper record to NICS, and the gunman  was able to pass a background check and purchase the firearm that he  used in that massacre.   In response to that incident, this body authorized additional funds  to  [[Page H4936]]  support the efforts of States and Federal agencies to submit critical  criminal history and mental health records to NICS. The need for these  funds was underscored just 2 months ago in April in my home State of  Colorado.   A Florida woman who should not have been able to buy a gun and could  not have bought one in her home State, traveled to Colorado, passed a  background check, and purchased a shotgun. Schools around the region  were forced to close as authorities searched for the woman following  credible threats made to schools across the Front Range.   These episodes underscore why it is so critically important that we  increase funding for the NICS program so that we can continue to  enhance it and improve it, and ultimately save lives.   I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment to try to  prevent gun violence in our country. And with that, I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank my distinguished colleague  from  [[Page H4975]]  South Carolina for his leadership on this amendment.   With respect to the Member from Arizona, I, given his comments, look  forward to him voting for this amendment as well. It is an incredibly  important amendment, and, ultimately, this program has been our  Nation's premier conservation program for over 50 years.   I would like to thank the Appropriations Committee for their work to  reprioritize the program after the President's budget actually proposed  drastic cuts to LWCF. As a result of their efforts, the bill before us  today would provide the highest level of funding for the program in 17  years.   I have the great honor of representing the State of Colorado, and I  have seen firsthand the benefits that LWCF brings to our State.  Colorado received $278 million in LWCF funding over the last decades,  including for a variety of areas in my district: Rocky Mountain  National Park, Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests, to name just a  few.   LWCF not only conserves critical land; it is an investment in outdoor  recreation economies. Studies have shown that every dollar invested in  the LWCF is $4 in economic value from natural resource goods and  services.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the distinguished gentleman from South  Carolina for bringing forth this amendment. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   