 Mr. President I ask unanimous consent that the time on  the quorum call be equally divided between the two sides.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, tax filing season is just around the  corner. This has never been anyone's favorite time of the year, paying  taxes, but the uncertainty created by the current partial government  shutdown has understandably created a bit more angst than in a usual  tax filing season.   The Treasury Department and IRS have been proactive in taking steps  to minimize the burden of the shutdown on taxpayers. They recently  announced that tax season will start as planned, on January 28. The IRS  has confirmed that taxpayers can expect refunds to be sent out as usual  should this shutdown drag on. Of course, this is the right conclusion,  legally, and the right call for the taxpayers, as I had an opportunity  to tell IRS Commissioner Rettig when we spoke recently.   Congress has explicitly provided for a permanent appropriation for  the IRS to pay tax refunds. This makes common sense. A tax refund  represents the taxpayer's money--not Congress's, not the government's  but the taxpayers'--despite what some people in Congress seem to think;  that this money belongs to the government. It should be returned then  in a timely fashion and, thank God for their decision, that is going to  be the case.   With around 75 percent of individuals receiving a tax refund on an  annual basis, many have come to look to their refund to make important  purchases, whether that is to replace an old water heater, make a  downpayment on a reliable vehicle to get them to work, or just to make  ends meet generally. It would be wrong for the government to impose  undue financial strains on families across the country because Congress  and the President can't get their act together.   As we continue to work through our differences, the least we can do  is return to taxpayers their own money.   This tax season, of course, is a little different, not only because  of the shutdown but also because it is the first tax filing season  under the tax reforms and tax cuts enacted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act. A lot of work has gone on to get us here. Treasury and the IRS  have been working diligently and swiftly to ensure taxpayers have the  information they need. In a little over a year, they have put out 16  proposed regulations, 2 final regulations, 45 notices, 21 revenue  procedures, and updated countless forms, publications, and other  guidance--all of this geared toward implementing the law and addressing  taxpayer questions.   Right out of the gate, Treasury and IRS went to work updating the  annual withholding tables so taxpayers could immediately begin seeing  the benefits of lower taxes in their paychecks. Of course, whether a  taxpayer had less or more withheld from their paycheck is not the final  word on whether one received a tax cut.   Also, due to changes in withholding, a smaller or larger refund than  usual may not tell the whole story. I encourage taxpayers to compare  their 2019 tax return with that of the previous year to see the  difference. At the end of the day, the vast majority of taxpayers will  see that less of their hard-earned money is going to the government.   A chief priority for the new withholding tables was, of course,  accuracy. Extensive analysis was done to help taxpayers get the right  amount withheld from their paycheck--not too much, not too little.  However, as we all know, no withholding table will ever be perfect.  Every taxpayer may be affected a little differently under the new law  based on their personal circumstances. The IRS continues to consider  whether future improvements to the withholding structure may be  necessary, which I support and will be monitoring as chairman of the  Finance Committee.   The IRS has also embarked on an extensive campaign to alert taxpayers  to check and update their withholding. This included establishing an  online withholding calculator to help taxpayers determine what, if any,  adjustments to their withholding may be necessary.   That said, there are still going to be some taxpayers who may  discover that they were underwithheld due to changes in the law and owe  taxes at the end of the year. A subset of these taxpayers could be  subject to a penalty for underpayment.   The ranking member of the Finance Committee, Senator Wyden, raised  this concern in a letter to Commissioner Rettig on January 3,  requesting that penalty relief be granted. I generally agree with the  ranking member and have encouraged the IRS to be lenient on penalties,  especially with this first time through a filing season under the new  tax law. If a taxpayer has underwithheld as a result of the changes in  the law, and not through the fault of their own, the IRS should  consider what actions the Agency can take to provide penalty relief,  but the issue of underwithholding due to the passage of tax reform  should not be exaggerated. Yes, as the ranking member claims in his  letter to the Commissioner, it is estimated that as many as 30 million  taxpayers may have had taxes underwithheld from their paychecks, but  what hasn't been said is that 30 million is actually only about a 3- percentage point increase from how many taxpayers would be  underwithheld under the old law.   Moreover, just because a taxpayer was underwithheld during the year  does not automatically mean they will be subject to a penalty tax. Safe  harbors have long been in place to protect taxpayers whose withholding  is slightly off from being penalized.  [[Page S250]]    It is quite possible that some issues will arise this filing season  that we did not anticipate and will need to be fixed as we go forward.  We already identified a number of those issues, which I am hoping my  Democratic colleagues will allow us to fix to further help as many more  constituents as possible.   That doesn't detract from the fact that we have delivered real tax  relief to middle-income families, small business owners, and the family  farmer, nor does it undermine the fact that we modernized our outdated  international tax system and improved America's business  competitiveness in the global economy. Of course, that is going to  benefit the American worker.    These efforts have contributed to a strong and growing economy. The  unemployment rate is at a half century low. Wages are rising at the  fastest rate in nearly a decade. Workers, employers, and small business  owners are all more optimistic than ever.   Unfortunately, I hear increasing calls from the new House majority  pledging to erase the progress made with the tax cuts and reforms that  we enacted 13 months ago. At least one new Democratic Member has  suggested bringing back top tax rates as high as 70 percent to pay for  a wish list of far-left, Big Government programs. Such a confiscatory  tax rate targeted at a relatively small number of wealthy taxpayers  would barely make a dent in the cost of programs they wish to  implement.   Policymakers across the globe abandoned such punitive tax rates over  the past several decades for their negative effect on economic growth,  investment, and incentives to work. While tax rates at 70 percent or  higher may have been fairly common in the 1960s, today, not a single  OECD country boasts such high rates. How soon people forget about the  prolonged economic stagnation and high unemployment of the 1970s when  we last had tax rates as high as 70 percent.   I am going to detract here to show a chart. How soon we forget that  just raising tax rates doesn't automatically bring in more money. For  the benefit of my colleagues and for the benefit of the public watching  on C-SPAN, I should have had this blown up. I doubt it is going to do  much good for me to just hold up a small sheet of paper.   This goes back to the year 1955, ending in 2017. The blue line shows  the marginal tax rates over a period of about 60 years. You can see  high tax rates in the 1960s, going down, up, generally down, generally  down, staying pretty low in recent years. You can see that the red line  is the amount of money that comes in from taxes, whether you have high  tax rates or low tax rates, which kind of tells me that the taxpayers  are a lot smarter than the Congress of the United States because when  you talk about high marginal tax rates, they want you to believe more  money is going to come in. They are probably going to take the position  that if you lower tax rates, less money is going to come in. But you  see, in the 1950s top rate was 90 percent. Can you imagine Americans  being dumb enough to work hard to only keep 10 percent of their income?  No. What you do is you change people's behavior. They decide, I am  going to work only so much. Why should I work harder and give more  money to the Federal Government? You see, higher tax rates don't do  what a lot of people want you to believe they are going to do.   I would like to give a little history on this, because you kind of  think that if we have lower marginal tax rates, and Republicans are the  ones who want lower tax rates, that you would give Republicans a lot of  credit for reducing these marginal tax rates. I can remember the work  of Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey--probably at least a moderate  Democrat. He was probably as responsible as anybody in the 1980s for  reducing these marginal tax rates, because Republicans didn't have guts  enough to do it, and we might not be where we are right now. So it is  not just Republican thinking that got these marginal tax rates down. It  is not just Republican thinking that has kept this red line where it  has been for 60 years, at approximately 16 to 20 percent of gross  national product--the amount of the economy that is coming into the  Federal Government.   I hope the talk of such confiscatory taxation truly is a talk of a  few rogue Members and not representative of things to come. I wish to  think there will be opportunities for us to work together in a  bipartisan way.   I am firmly in the camp that the tax reform and tax cuts enacted by  the last Congress represent important revisions to our tax laws, but I  also understand that no major piece of legislation is entirely perfect.  To the extent there is legitimate interest in improving tax laws, as  chairman of the Finance Committee, I am going to be all ears.   When it comes to making modifications to tax reform, our first order  of business should be focused on examining how the law affects  individuals, families, and the businesses in our States that provide  the jobs and benefits they rely on. When necessary, we should work  together to take action and ensure that the law is fulfilling its  potential. A key part of this discussion should be enacting technical  corrections to the tax law--revisions to ensure that the bill does what  Members thought it did when they voted on it. Some of these are related  to just poor drafting, honest mistakes that were made.   I also hope that there will be plenty of opportunity to work on a  bipartisan basis on tax issues involving everything from education, to  renewable and alternative energy, to consumer-directed healthcare  options.   However, I fear opportunities to work together could be put at risk  should my colleagues become fixated on tearing apart tax reform, hiking  taxes, and, of course, going after the President's tax returns.   I want to put my Democratic colleagues on notice that I have no  intention of undoing structural changes implemented as part of the tax  reform. This would include the lower tax rates and family benefits,  such as the increased child tax credit and standard deductions.   I am also not interested in eliminating the cap on the deductibility  of State and local taxes, backtracking on our move toward a more  territorial tax system, or raising tax rates on passthrough business  owners and farmers or corporations, all of which provide critical jobs  and contribute to economic growth across the Nation.   For the first time in probably about 30 years, our businesses are  competitive with the rest of the world. When we have a 35-percent tax  rate--as we did for decades--on corporations, and the world average is  about 23 percent, how can we expect American corporations to compete?  We are now at 21 percent. It wasn't long after we went to 21 that we  read about China maybe feeling they were uncompetitive and were going  to have to lower their tax rates. Other countries are thinking about  doing it as well. Just like with the Reagan tax cuts of the 1980s, the  United States is plowing ahead, setting a standard for the rest of the  world.   Lower tax rates, with businesses and individuals making decisions on  where they earn their money, how much they are going to spend, and how  much they are going to save, is a heck of a lot better than 535 Members  of Congress making that decision. When we make decisions about stuff  like this, they are political decisions. When most of the individual  taxpayers and the corporations of America make decisions, it is  strictly economic and does much more economic good.   Another one that I don't want to mess with is efforts to weaponize  the authority of tax-writing committees to access tax returns for  political purposes. Such an action would be unprecedented.   I am optimistic that we can continue to make progress helping  Americans improve their lives by keeping more of their hard-earned  wages, taking the chance of starting a new business or continuing to  expand an existing one--in short, building an opportunity economy. I  invite my colleagues to join me.   I yield the floor.   