 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from Texas  for yielding, and I am proud to rise today to support the United  States-Mexico-Canada Agreement.   Since President Trump announced the USMCA over 1 year ago, I have  urged my colleagues across the aisle to join us in supporting this  important trade agreement and getting it across the finish line. Today,  I am thrilled to speak on the floor and ask my colleagues to support it  one last time.   The journey to this day has been longer and harder than it should  have been. For too long USMCA has taken a backseat to some partisan  politics causing farmers, ranchers, and workers across the country to  miss out on economic growth and jobs in the meantime. However, today we  are taking a giant step forward in finally making that free and fair  trade deal a reality.   The U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement will create 176,000 new jobs in our  country and will boost the national GDP by $68 billion. It is important  for farmers and ranchers in my State. The USMCA opens up new markets  for American dairy, wheat, chicken, eggs, and turkey for the first  time. This deal also helps U.S. manufacturing jobs and increases wages.   NAFTA was created 25 years ago, and the USMCA will now be the first  trade agreement with a chapter dedicated to digital trade and sets new  standards for labor and the environment.   I want to thank President Trump and Ambassador Lighthizer for their  incredible leadership over the last couple of years to follow through  on another campaign pledge and negotiate this update to NAFTA. I also  want to thank Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady for their  leadership to ensure that our Ways and Means Committee and Congress  were involved in this process all along the way.   This is an important victory for President Trump and for millions of  farmers, ranchers, and workers across our country who will benefit from  the USMCA. As a strong advocate for free and fair trade, I proudly  support the USMCA and look forward to working with the Senate to send  this to the President's desk as soon as possible.   