 Mr. President, I thank the gentleman from New Mexico for  his comments. I couldn't agree more wholeheartedly with the sentiments  that the gentleman from New Mexico just uttered and the others, the  Senator from Rhode Island and the Senator from New York.   This is an emergency situation for the planet. How do we know? We  know because the U.N. scientists at the end of 2018 issued a report  saying that climate change is an existential threat to our planet. Our  own U.S. scientists in the end of 2018 issued their own report. This is  the Trump administration's scientists, much to his chagrin, who said:  ``We must act to avoid substantial damages to the U.S. economy,  environment, and human health and the well-being over the coming  decades.''   These are earth-shattering science reports about the state of our  planet. These are doomsday reports, which the scientists of our own  country and the world are giving to us. Yet just 3 weeks ago, the  ``Denier in Chief'' stood before the Congress and delivered a message  to the American people--not by his words but by the words he did not  utter, because in an hour and 20 minutes, President Trump did not even  mention the words ``climate change.'' He did not even mention the words  ``clean energy revolution.''   President Trump, further, has sent to us a new person to be the head  of the Environmental Protection Agency. Who is Andrew Wheeler? He is a  former lobbyist for the coal industry. That is what this Senate will be  voting on--a coal lobbyist to take over the environment of our country,  as the scientists of our country tell us that we are facing an  existential threat if we do not take urgent actions today.   Our majority leader yesterday called the Green New Deal ``foolish and  dangerous.'' Well, with all due respect to my Republican colleagues,  the only thing foolish and dangerous about the Green New Deal is to  ignore the $400 billion in damages over the last 2 years from  supercharged storms and wildfires, to ignore the tens of trillions of  dollars in the damage that we will see from climate change in the  United States by 2100 if we do not act, and the hundreds of trillions  of damage across the entire planet if we are not the leader in creating  a clean-energy revolution.   What is dangerous, I say to the leader, is sending our men and women  in the military overseas to protect tankers of oil that are coming into  our country from the Middle East. Superstorms, wildfires, rising seas,  and other extreme weather events are the impacts of climate change if  we do not act boldly to stop it. It isn't just dangerous; it is an  existential threat to our planet, not from politicians or political  scientists but from real scientists--``the'' scientists--the Nobel  Prize-winning scientists of the whole planet and in our own country.  They are telling us we are in danger, and this body has to take  positive action to deal with it.   We have a ``Denier in Chief'' in the White House. We have a  Republican leader who has brought climate bills to the floor while he  has been leader, but they have been bills to make the climate even more  dangerous--the Keystone Pipeline bill and drilling in the Arctic  National Wildlife Refuge for oil. The Republicans are today going to  confirm a coal lobbyist to head the Environmental Protection Agency,  which is the Agency charged with protecting the planet.   The reality is that the Republicans have no plan to deal with the  climate crisis. That is why they want to short circuit this debate on  the Green New Deal. Let's have a hearing. Let's hear from experts.  Let's hear from scientists. Let's have the evidence in the U.S. Senate.  Then we can decide--but, no, there will be no debate in the Senate on  science. There will be no debate on the harm that is going to be done  if we do not act. Instead, in the same period, there will be just an  attempt to confirm a coal lobbyist to take over the Environmental  Protection Agency and to derail any real debate on the Green New Deal.  That is who they are.   Why is that? It is that the Green New Deal is dangerous. It is  dangerous for the status quo to just continue to remain in place on  climate change. It is dangerous for the Koch brothers and those who are  used to killing every climate debate before it gets a chance to start.  It is dangerous for those who want us to limp into a frightening future  with no plan and no protections in place. It is dangerous for those who  benefit from the continued devaluation of our workers, from the  historic oppression of vulnerable communities, and from the continued  destruction of the environment. That is who would think the Green New  Deal is dangerous.   The Democrats want to support working families and support a safe  climate future in which all communities are protected. We welcome  debate on proposals for how to get there, but the science is clear on  what we need to do and the magnitude of the response that we have to  unleash in this country.   The Republicans may think the Green New Deal is just a resolution,  but it is more than that. It is a revolution, and it cannot and will  not be stopped. The science is driving this. It is an intergenerational  concern that we are heading toward a catastrophe on this planet that  could have been avoided, but we as a nation have stood on the sidelines  and have allowed it to happen.   Ladies and gentlemen, this vote that we take as to whether Andrew  Wheeler, a coal lobbyist, should be the head of the Environmental  Protection Agency goes right through the heart of whether we are going  to respond to the magnitude of this challenge. I do not know how anyone  can vote for Andrew Wheeler given the science that has been presented  to us, given the danger that we now know, given the catastrophe that is  going to be created if we don't change course. This is just doubling  down on a disaster. Andrew Wheeler is going to be the architect of the  Republican plan to ensure that we do nothing about this climate  catastrophe. The consequences could not be greater, but the political  ramifications in the 2020 elections are going to be great as well. We  will see a revolution that rises up across this country.   I yield the floor.   