 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit today about  something I am embarrassed about on behalf of the Federal Government.  Before I explain why I am embarrassed on behalf of my government, I  need to give a little background.   Did you ever stop and think about how much we pay in taxes in this  country? We have city taxes. We have county taxes. In Louisiana, we  call our counties parishes, so we have parish taxes. We have State  taxes. We have fees at all of those levels. Sometimes politicians will  try to call a hand in your pocket a fee as opposed to a tax, like you  are going to be dumb enough to think that makes a difference. It is  still money out of your pocket. And then we have Federal taxes. The  government taxes the food we eat, the clothes we buy, the houses we  live in, the cars we drive. The government taxes when we work and when  we play. If you want to go fishing, you have to pay a tax. If you want  to go hunting, you have to pay a tax. The government even taxes us when  we die.   Let me talk about the Federal taxes for a second. This is just a  fraction of the money people pay. At the Federal level, our main tax is  income taxes--corporate income tax, personal income tax. Do you know  how much we pay every year--the American people--in corporate and  personal income tax? I am going to show you. I am going to write it out  because it is impressive. Do you see all those zeros? There are 12  zeros--$2 trillion every year. Do you know how much $2 trillion is?  That is $2,000 billion. Do you know how much a billion is? If right now  I started counting to a billion, do you know when I would finish? It  would take me 32 years. I would finish in 2051. I wouldn't make it; I  will be dead by then.    I will tell you how big a billion is. A billion seconds ago, it was  1986 and Ronald Reagan was President. That is how big a billion is. A  billion minutes ago, the Romans were conquering Mesopotamia. A billion  hours ago, Neanderthals roamed the Earth. That is 1 billion. The  American people pay $2,000 billion in taxes every year--not State and  not local; Federal corporate and personal income taxes.   Now, look, we know that as a result of the social contract we have  made among ourselves, we are better off living and working together and  pooling our money so we can hire cops and build roads and educate our  children. We know that is the price to pay in a civilized society, but  that is still a lot of money.   Now, I don't know about you, but I get mad when some people cheat-- when all people whom I know of cheat on their taxes. That means that  law-abiding citizens have to pay more to make up for those who cheat.   Do you know what else makes me mad? What also makes me mad is when  the Federal entity to which we pay these taxes has money of ours and  they don't return it. I am not talking about tax refunds. I am talking  about something else, and that is going to be the subject of my talk  for a few minutes today.   Now, look, the Internal Revenue Service, which is housed, as you  know, in the Department of Treasury--they are very aggressive. Oh Lord,  you better pay your taxes. If you don't pay your taxes, they are on you  like a hobo on a ham sandwich. They will chase you like a hound from  Hades. You better pay them the right amount, and you better pay them on  time. Most Americans don't like that but are OK with it because they  know we have to run government, we have to defend our country, and we  have to educate our kids. But what happens when the Department of  Treasury, which houses the Internal Revenue Service, owes money to the  American people and refuses to give it back? That is what embarrasses  me, and that is what makes me angry.   Right now, our U.S. Department of Treasury is holding $26 billion-- remember I told you how big a billion is--it owes to the American  people in unclaimed, matured savings bonds. And you know what a savings  bond is. That is a loan by an American citizen to our government. We  funded World War II in part through savings bonds.   This is how a savings bond works. It is very simple. Let's suppose I  go buy a $100 savings bond. I give $100 to the U.S. Department of  Treasury, which collects $2 trillion through IRS. I give $100 to the  Department of Treasury. It is a loan. The Treasury takes that $100 and  promises to give me in, say, 20 years, $200 back. I don't get annual  interest payments. There are some exceptions to that. In the old days,  I got a paper bond. Today, it is all done electronically. I loan the  Federal Government $100. I wait 20 years, and interest accrues. I don't  get the checks. In 2 years, I go down with my savings bond, and I say:  OK, I want my $200.   But sometimes people forget. They put those bonds in a safe deposit  box or--today, we don't use paper bonds; we do it electronically.  People will forget. In the old days when we used paper bonds, sometimes  they would lose those bonds. A lot of times, as a birthday present,  grandparents would give a bond to their grandchildren, give them a $100  bond, and they would say to their son or grandson or granddaughter:  Hold on to this bond, and in 20 years, you will have $200. Of course,  sometimes the young people would lose them. They are not really  completely lost. The bond might have been lost--the physical bond--in  the days when we used paper bonds.   The people who loaned the money to the Federal Government might have  forgotten about the bonds, but do you know who knows about the bonds?  The U.S. Department of Treasury, because they have the names and the  addresses. Right now, they have the names and addresses, and they have  the money--$26 billion--that they are holding that belongs to the  American people, and they won't give it back.   I used to be a State treasurer in Louisiana. I and some my colleagues  sued the Federal Department of Treasury. Do you know why we sued them?  Because as State treasurers, we have programs called unclaimed property  programs--you might have heard about them--where we would return money  to people in our States that we would take in from businesses that owed  people money but couldn't find the people.   Let's suppose you go rent an apartment back in your home State. You  put down a utility deposit, and you move and you don't get back your  utility deposit. You forget about it. The utility can't keep that  deposit. They are supposed to look for you, but they can't find you.  They can't keep that money. It doesn't belong to them. It is a deposit.  They have to turn it over to the State treasurer.   The State treasurers of every State work very hard to contact the  people and to give them back their utility deposits. Every day, State  treasurers return utility deposits, apartment deposits, uncashed  payroll checks, lost stocks, lost bonds, and tax refunds. Every State  treasurer is very active. They have the infrastructure set up, they  have websites, they have computers, and they return this money to  people every day. When a business has your money and can't find you,  they can't keep it; they have to turn it over to the State treasurer.   So the treasurers sued the U.S. Department of Treasury and said: We  have these unclaimed property programs. Give us the names and addresses  of these people to whom the Treasury Department owes $26 billion, and  we will give it back to people.   Do you know what the Department of Treasury said? Nothing. Not a  thing. They just ignored the treasurers. When we finally got their  attention, they said: No, we are not giving it back. We are keeping the  money.    Well, the treasurers sued them and are still in court. And not only  has the U.S. Department of Treasury not given the money back, they have  gone and hired lawyers. They are spending millions and millions and  millions of dollars to try to keep this money from the American people.   Remember, the U.S. Department of Treasury--they have the names and  they have the addresses. They may be old addresses, but all they would  have to do would be to give the names and the old addresses to the  State treasurers in every State. For example, in my State in  Louisiana--and we have asked Treasury to do this. The U.S. Department  of Treasury could just give all the names of all the people in  Louisiana to whom this money is owed through savings bonds and give  them the addresses, and the treasurer in my State will track these  people down and give them back their money. But the U.S. Department of  Treasury won't do  [[Page S5506]]  it. They are fighting us in court. Do you know why they won't do it?  Greed. They figure people will never go claim their money. They are  just going to keep it. You can't do that if you are a business. If you  are a business in America and you have somebody's money, you have to go  look for them--it is a law in every State--and if you can't find them,  you have to turn the money over to the State treasurer, and the State  treasurer gives it back. Not the Federal Government. Not the Department  of Treasury. We are talking real money here.   I am going to give an example. I see my good friend Senator Cornyn  over here. He works hard for the people of Texas. They love him. I just  came back from San Antonio. They love Senator Cornyn. Do you know how  much the U.S. Department of Treasury owes Senator Cornyn's people just  in Texas? They are owed $2.1 billion. This money isn't lost; the  Department of Treasury has it. They have the names, and they have the  addresses.   Now, as we went along in our lawsuit--and the lawsuit is still  pending. It is not mine anymore. I am no longer State treasurer. One of  the statements that the Department of Treasury filed in court--I almost  laughed. If I had been in court, I would have laughed. They said: Yeah,  we have the names and we have the addresses, but it would cost $128  million to organize the records. That was one of the excuses they gave  to the judge. Give me a break. If you believe that, you will never own  your own home. If you and I lie to the government, we can go to jail,  but if the government lies to us--``Oh, it will take $128 million to  organize the records''--that is called politics. Oklahoma, which is  next door to Texas, is owed $312 million. As far as Michigan, the U.S.  Department of Treasury is holding $773 million in fully redeemed--they  are not paying interest anymore--but unclaimed savings bonds from the  people of Michigan. Do you think some of those folks in Michigan could  use that money right now to maybe save for retirement or maybe to  educate their children? Idaho is not very big. It has a bunch of lakes,  and it is a great State. It is owed $128 million. Tennessee is owed  $480 million; Wyoming, $45 million; and New York, $1.5 billion.   I am just beside myself. Do you wonder why people hate government?  Here it is. We have to pay our taxes in the right amount and on time.  If we don't do it, they come and take our firstborn, and if we are  late, they fine us. This is the IRS under the Department of Treasury.  But here they have $26 billion, and they have the names and they have  the addresses, and they won't give it back. It is an embarrassment. It  is a disgrace. They should hide their heads in a bag.   Now, I have a bill. I am hoping my colleagues will support it. It is  called the Unclaimed Savings Bond Act of 2019, S. 2417. It is a very  simple bill. It would just tell the U.S. Department of Treasury to do  its job. It doesn't own this money. It doesn't own this money, it is  not theirs, and they need to give it back. And they don't have to spend  a lot of time on it. All they have to do is give the names and the  addresses to every State treasurer. I will give them their cell numbers  if they want it. Just give the names and the addresses to the State  treasurers.   I would like to get our Senators involved in Florida, where our  Presiding Officer and Senator Rubio are from. I would like them to have  the names. Maybe they could go out--we used to do this when we had  unclaimed property in Louisiana. You can go advertise in the paper or  on the radio or on television or on the internet and say: I am going to  be out at the so-and-so mall this Saturday from 10 to 12 with my  computers and my team's computers. Come on out and check your name and  see if you have unredeemed savings bonds.   People come out, and you would be surprised, they find their name,  and you say: OK. We will get your current address, and we will get you  a check in 2 weeks. People say: Gosh, the last time the government gave  me any money was never. But they feel a little bit better about their  government.   This bill will work. I can't imagine who would oppose this bill  except my friends at the Department of Treasury, and they don't have a  good reason for opposing it. They just want to keep the money.   I am going to be talking about this a lot because the money is  important. People have worked hard for this. But I will tell you what  is more important--the principle. We have to pay our taxes in the right  amount and on time. When the government has our money, they ought to  give it back to us in the right amount and on time.   Thank you for your attention and your time.   I yield to Senator Cornyn, who has over $2 billion of uncashed  savings bonds in his State, thanks to our Department of Treasury.   