 Madam President, I thank you for your hard work on the  sometimes powerful Senate Agriculture Committee. I would have liked to  respond to the leader--but I know he is busy, and he is leaving the  floor--just to say that I think all Republicans understand there is  climate change, and all Republicans know that human activity does  contribute to it, and, yes, we ought to do something. The point I am  trying to make here is we don't want to do the wrong thing and cause a  great deal of disruption in the process.   I also thank Senator Thune for allowing me to speak out of order. I  know this is a hardship on his schedule, but he has been very kind to  let this happen.   I thank the sponsors of the Green New Deal for enabling all Senators  the opportunity to discuss the practical challenges this resolution  actually presents. For me, as chairman of the Senate Agriculture  Committee, it allows me to discuss the real stewards of our land--our  farmers, ranchers, growers--and how this legislation will affect them  and their ability not only to feed this country but a troubled and  hungry world as well.   Those of us who represent farm country are grateful for the  opportunity to underscore something that too many take for granted.  Farmers, ranchers, and growers in the United States now grow the  safest, most affordable and abundant food supply in the world. As I  just said, we know that it is a troubled and hungry world that needs  farmers, ranchers, growers, and their protection to help feed and  clothe the world's increasing population. Yes, and I think it will  probably go longer than 12 years.   As chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I am proud of our  bipartisan record on behalf of American agriculture and, in turn, our  record of respecting our Nation's natural resources. These things go  hand in hand. Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle on the Agriculture  Committee and those privileged to work in agriculture have always  sought to grow and raise more, using as few resources as possible.   The men and women who make their living off the land have an  imperative and keen interest in the responsible use and management of  our natural resources. Show me a farmer who does not practice  conservation or does not have access to precision agriculture or the  latest technology, and I will show you a farmer who is really in  trouble.   In short, within agriculture, there is nothing new with the Green New  Deal. It calls for ``working collaboratively with farmers, ranchers,  and growers in the United States to eliminate pollution, greenhouse  gases, and emissions from the agricultural sector as much as is  technologically feasible''--that is the language--``by supporting  family farming''--that is also in the language--``investing in  sustainable farming and land use practices that increase soil health,''  and ``building a more sustainable food system that ensures universal  access to healthy food.'' That is in the resolution, the legislation  over in the House.  [[Page S1952]]    Check, check, and check. We have been doing this already, and we  continue to look ahead to create thoughtful, well-considered policies.  I do not question the intent of the authors of the Green New Deal, but  they don't know what they don't know, especially about agriculture.  They need to catch up with the Agriculture Committee and with the farm  country in general.   In fact, we on the Agriculture Committee are so forward-looking that  we have embraced innovative methods of investing in agriculture  research with the creation of the Foundation for Food and Agriculture  Research--something new.   The Foundation leverages public and private dollars to bring together  experts to identify and investigate the researchable questions whose  answers have the potential to enhance the economic and environmental  resilience of our food supply and the environment.   I encourage the Senator from Massachusetts and the leader and other  cosponsors to simply ask for a briefing from the folks at FFAR. I would  say the same to vocal colleagues on the House side who helped author-- and pardon the acronym--the GND, Green New Deal. But given their  unfortunate focus on our livestock industry, I simply do not have time,  I don't think, to fully discuss emissions emitted from all livestock  or, for that matter, for Congress. Maybe that would be a better  answer--perhaps later, after riding point on the herd and getting the  cows milked.   What is worth our time and what is worth their time is a defense of  American agriculture, the best in the world, from attacks by those who  are either uninformed or misinformed regarding organic, processed, and  precision agriculture--all modern miracles and all sustainable with  regard to our environment.   America's farmers, ranchers, and others in rural America are  constantly working to produce their crops and to raise their livestock  in order to feed a growing world and to do so with constant challenges  presented to them from other nations.   The distinguished minority leader just mentioned the floods we are  experiencing in Nebraska, Kansas, and Iowa. This seems to have happened  about every 10 years. I am not sure it has happened because of global  warming, but at least it has with regard to climate change. We are  doing everything possible to bring aid and help to those folks who find  their farmland underwater.   Farmers are natural stewards of the land, and they must be good at  problem-solving. They identify the issues or the trend, find ways to  adjust their business and respond to that issue, and improve their way  of operating. They would like to do that under a Green New Deal. If  they don't adjust to address those challenges and simply do the right  thing, their farm or ranch and their livelihood will not be  sustainable.   It is pretty simple. Every living, breathing person on this Earth  needs food in order to survive. Obviously, we cannot and do not produce  food in the same manner that our grandparents did because those methods  were not sustainable and, today, would not produce food at the scope  and scale our troubled and hungry world demands.   American farmers and ranchers, who live by the concept of continuous  improvement, sound science, and voluntary-based conservation, are a  model for other industries and other countries on how to address  problems like climate change in a very practical way.   America's farmers and ranchers raise the same amount of beef as they  did in the 1970s, but they do so with 33 percent fewer cattle. Over the  last 50 years, American farmers have reduced water use in pork  production by 41 percent, and the list goes on. These are real success  stories that speak to how farmers are already managing natural  resources responsibly and voluntarily making contributions to address  the issue of climate change. Examples like these abound in agriculture.   The American farmer, through continuous improvement, embracing sound  science, implementing new technologies, such as biotechnology and no- till farming, and being conservation-minded, has achieved unprecedented  success that I do not believe the proponents of GND--i.e., the Green  New Deal--realize.   In the recent farm bill, which passed Congress with overwhelming  margins, we strengthened the conservation programs, increased  investments in agriculture research, supported risk management tools  that will benefit producers of all crops in all regions, and provided  additional authorities to address animal health concerns. This  legislative package bolsters the sustainability of U.S. farmers,  ranchers, and others in rural America while being environmentally  sound.   Unfortunately, vague proposals or resolutions, such as the Green New  Deal, which contain no real details or no metrics are not going to  solve the issue of climate change in any meaningful way. Regulating  American farmers and ranchers out of business will only result in food  and fiber production being outsourced to countries that do not have the  same conservation-minded producers that we have here in the United  States.   Let's face it: Nobody--no one I know of--likes being told what to do,  what to drive, or what to eat. Consumers value free choice. They also  expect access to reasonably priced food and nutritious food.   In fact, consumers will surely continue to demand the choice of  animal protein here in the United States, and so any reasonable  discussion on the agriculture sector's contributions to solutions on  climate change must begin with this acknowledgment.   These policy decisions must recognize the complexity of the  agriculture and food value chain of growers, input suppliers,  processors, handlers, consumers, and the list goes on. They must be  based in reality to facilitate a genuine conversation between rural and  urban constituencies.   I know. I understand. I realize. I get it. There are those who think  the Green New Deal is a moral imperative, and it may well be, but  farmers continuing to feed the world is also a moral imperative. Too  many go hungry each day in America, and ending this is also a moral  imperative. Too many people go hungry in a troubled and hungry world as  well. In restricting American agriculture in any way, whether it is in  resolution form or legislative form, the Green New Deal does not match  up with these moral responsibilities.   I thank the distinguished Senator from South Dakota for allowing me  to step in front of him. That doesn't happen very often. So, Coop, you  are up.   