 Mr. President, it is my honor to join my colleagues,  including the Presiding Officer, in this brief colloquy about the  current economic results that the President's agenda is achieving. I  would like to put it in perspective though.   Just a little bit over 2 years ago, we had suffered through 8 years  of probably the most onerous increase in big government regulatory  reform that we had ever seen. These regulations were so onerous that  they basically shut down free enterprise for a decade. Add to that a  tax environment that was not competitive with the rest of the world,  and the result was that we had the lowest economic growth in United  States' history--1.6 to 1.9 percent, depending on whom you believe.  Regardless of that detail, it was absolutely uncontested that it was  the lowest economic growth in the United States' history. There was no  secret behind that.   Actually, in 2009, when the last administration started, the economy  was  [[Page S894]]  at a low point because of the financial crisis. So they started from a  very low point to start with. It is more draconian than the numbers  indicate.   Two weeks after President Trump was elected, I was included in a  leadership meeting in the White House to talk about how we are going to  achieve the President's No. 1 objective, and that is to grow the  economy. He said during the election and, indeed, during that meeting,  that job one was to grow the economy. We had to put people back to  work, get enthusiasm back, and get confidence in the U.S. economy again  and in each other. In that meeting, we outlined, basically, what was  required to do that. President Trump gave us his vision of what we had  to do.   We wanted to work on regulations, energy, taxes, and, indeed, pull  back on as much of the Dodd-Frank bill as we could. Those things in the  first year were intended to get the economy jump-started. Then, in the  second year, we were supposed to talk about immigration,  infrastructure, and trade.   History will show that in the first year, more than 870 regulations  were reversed. We unleashed our energy potential in two major projects:  ANWR in Alaska and the Keystone Pipeline. Those benefits are even yet  to come.   Thirdly, we passed a historic tax bill that made the United States  more competitive with the rest of the world. We lowered the corporate  tax rate. We changed the individual tax structure. We eliminated the  repatriation tax.   The next thing was so important. We actually passed a bipartisan bill  that pulled back on the most draconian parts of the Dodd-Frank bill.  The Dodd-Frank bill was a knee-jerk reaction from the financial crisis  in 2008 and 2009. It really did put regulations in place that pulled  back on the banking industry in many ways. Some of those, we might  argue, were required. Certainly, on the money banks in New York, some  things were needed. I would argue that not the full breadth of what  Dodd-Frank did, but that is an argument for another day.   Last year, we got 17 of my Democratic colleagues in this body to  agree that a minor adjustment in the Dodd-Frank bill would make a  tremendous difference for small community banks and regional banks. We  did that. We passed that with 17 votes from the other side. What this  did in aggregate was to free up somewhere around $6 trillion back in  the economy. That is real money when you are talking about a $21  trillion economy. Not all of that has flowed back in yet.   Here is what has happened. There is $2 trillion on the Russell 1000  balance sheets. These are our largest public companies, and they had  the largest balance sheets in their history. They had about $2 trillion  on their balance sheets.   Second, we had about $2 trillion on bank balance sheets of community  banks and regional banks because of Dodd-Frank. Estimates were $3  trillion overseas in unrepatriated U.S. profits. What we have done in  the last 2 years is fundamentally remove the roadblocks for that  capital to flow back into the United States.   What are we seeing? Just the initial blush of regulatory reform  pumped up CEO confidence and consumer confidence to 30-year highs. We  saw that in the first 6 months of 2017. What happened after that was  that consumers started to react, employers started to react, and  capital started to flow. The free enterprise system started to breathe  again after you took the jackboots of an oversized Federal Government  off the throat of free enterprise.   We just heard the Presiding Officer's story about a small business.  Those are multiplied by the thousands across our country. This isn't  just about big business, as you and I well know. It is about individual  enterprise. It is flowing again after a decade of being absent.   I am also proud to tell you that if you look at what the economy is  doing right now--honestly, I am just a business guy, but I can back  this up with economic realities--these facts are not debatable. This is  the greatest economic turnaround in the United States' history. We are  growing about a little more than twice the rate as we did in the past  decade.    We created 5.3 million new jobs. Median income is the highest in U.S.  history. At the same time, unemployment is at the lowest it has been in  50 years in total. African-American, Asian American, and Hispanic- American unemployment is the lowest ever measured. By any measure, this  economic turnaround proves that what we believe in actually works. If  you get big government out of the way and let the free enterprise  system work, capitalism can breathe again, and this is what happens.   Are we going to have a steady rise in a consistent 3.5 percent, 4  percent growth? No, this is free enterprise. This is capitalism. What  happens is we form capital. We have an idea for a product or a service,  and we develop that. We get a customer. We make a transaction. Cash  flows, and we reinvest that. This is what capitalism is. Capitalism is  not Big Government getting all of your tax money, turning around, and  redistributing that out because that absolutely shuts down free  enterprise. As we know, free enterprise is the best economic system we  have yet devised on the face of the Earth.   I am embarrassed that the President of the United States--I never  thought I would see this day, on the floor of the House of  Representatives in a joint session of Congress, in the State of the  Union Address--had to feel like he had to make the statement that the  United States would never be a socialist country. The fact that it is  even debated is so embarrassing to me. It is unbelievable that this  could even be proper as a viable alternative, given the history of the  last 100 years alone.   If you go back to the 1970s and the great experiment that the Soviet  Union was going to bring egalitarianism to the world, well, that  failed. We have failed social states today in Venezuela, Cuba, and  others. The Soviet Union today in Russia is a mere shadow of its former  self because they played the game wrong. It may take decades before  that can be rebuilt.   There can be no debate that freedom is what America is about. Our  forefathers and foremothers fought and died to make sure that we would  always have the liberty of the free enterprise system. That is what we  are enjoying right now. That is what we are visibly witnessing before  our very eyes today. As we go into a Presidential cycle in 2020, I hope  that we have enough sense as a country to see that as the issue that we  ought to be debating.   Yes, we have problems. Our debt is a serious threat to our own  national security. It is the No. 1 threat to this continued economic  boom we are all talking about. We have $21 trillion of debt. What is  worse than that is that over the next 10 years, no matter what we do in  terms of discretionary budget, Congress will add another $10 trillion  to the debt unless we do something to save Social Security, Medicare,  and Medicaid. It is as simple as that.   We are actually spending about the same or a little bit less than we  were in 2009 in terms of discretionary spending. That is less than one- third of what we spend as a Federal Government. The mandatory side of  that equation never gets debated in this body. It is automatic-- mandatory. It is an automatic withdrawal, like a house payment, car  payment, or insurance payment in a private business.   There is no doubt in my mind that we can solve every one of these.  America is not bankrupt. We have more assets than we have liabilities.  We have all the wherewithal in the world to solve our long-term debt  problem. The rest of the world knows that. That is why they are still  buying our corporate bonds and treasuries. I have never been more  optimistic about the future of our country for my children and my  children's children, but we have to deal with this Federal debt.  Growing the economy, as President Trump said 2 years ago, was the first  step toward doing that, but we have to get serious about dealing and  saving the trust funds for Social Security and Medicare. That doesn't  mean cutting them. It means finding a viable financing way to make them  viable indefinitely. There are so many ways to do that.   I will close with this. It seems to me that what is at stake here is  the very Republic that we are talking about. What are we going to be in  the next 100 years? I would submit to you that the evidence is before  us right now that one thing we have to be in order to protect the  freedom of our country is to remain committed to the free enterprise  system that we all have built this  [[Page S895]]  economic boom upon that has been the greatest economic boom since World  War II and in the history of humankind.   I implore both sides here to put the political differences aside, and  let's get to funding this government on time, which this Congress has  only done four times in the last 44 years. Congress has actually shut  the government down, including this last one, 21 times.   This is totally unacceptable and unnecessary. I think that with a  bipartisan approach, we know there are so many places of agreement that  we can begin to do that, and I ask for everybody's forbearance and  patience and willingness to engage in a bipartisan way to actually deal  with some of these life-threatening issues we see before us.   As we do that, I hope we can end the debate once and for all about  what really works here--lower taxes, less regulation, and certainly you  have to have controls to make sure we have a level playing field for  everybody in the United States, but this onerous, top-down-driven,  controlling Big Government policy does not work. We proved that in the  last decade and in other decades in the last 100 years.   It is an honor to be in the U.S. Senate. It is an honor to be an  American. I never took that for granted, having lived outside of the  United States. I can promise the Members of this body that what we have  right now is not a false positive. What we have is evidence that  capitalism works, the free enterprise system works. If we want to  protect our liberty, we have to continue to develop that system.   With that, I yield the floor.   