 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, here we go again. Yesterday, the majority passed a  partisan messaging bill to provide illegal immigrants with an  additional complaint line at the Department of Homeland Security. It  has no chance of becoming law. Today, they are back at it with  [[Page H8033]]  another partisan messaging bill that will never become law. This time,  it is a bill to provide illegal immigrants with electronic health  records.   This bill before us today requires the Department of Homeland  Security to set up an interoperable electronic health records system to  track the medical history of millions of illegal immigrants. The bill  requires the system to be up and running in 90 days.   Implementing an electronic health records system is a complicated,  labor-intensive undertaking. They begin with a configuration process to  tailor the commercial software to a client's needs and then proceed to  a site-by-site installation process, followed by workforce training.   It typically takes a year or more to get new electronic health  records up and running at a hospital with just one location. Making  these systems interoperable across government agencies only creates  more complexity, extending implementation by years.   If you need a real-world example of just how unachievable this is,  look no further than the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard spent 7 years  trying to get an interoperable health records system in place for its  50,000 employees. But, after all that time, the system didn't work.  Coast Guard servicemembers are still forced to rely on paper medical  records.   The Coast Guard is not alone. The Department of Defense and the  Veterans Administration won't have fully interoperable health records  systems in place for another 5 to 9 years, respectively.   H.R. 3525 also requires DHS to research innovative ways to conduct  medical screenings on illegal immigrants. DHS already conducts  thousands of medical screenings on migrants on a daily basis. Finding  new ways to deliver health screenings more effectively could save time  and money, but researching innovations in healthcare delivery is not  the mission of DHS.   The research mandated by this bill is the responsibility of the  Department of Health and Human Services. DHS research is properly  focused on preventing drugs, criminals, and terrorists from entering  our borders. We should not force DHS to lose its focus on these  critical Homeland Security priorities.   Finally, the bill before us today fails to provide DHS with any  funding to achieve the illegal immigrant medical screening research and  interoperable health records mandates. We have no idea how much this  bill will cost because the majority failed to file a cost estimate from  CBO.   However, we do know from the experience of the VA, DOD, and Coast  Guard that interoperable electronic health records systems are  extremely expensive undertakings. The DOD and VA are on track to spend  over $25 billion on their systems. The Coast Guard's failed system to  track just 50,000 people cost $67 million.   Using the Coast Guard as a baseline, it would cost over $2.5 billion  to track the medical history of just the illegal immigrants that have  come into our country over the last 2 years. In other words, without  any funding provided for the mandates in this bill, billions in  critical DHS funding used to counter terrorist plots, equip first  responders, and respond to natural disasters would be diverted to pay  for a benefit for millions of illegal migrants.   Mr. Speaker, what is truly disappointing about this bill that we have  considered over the last 2 days is that they did nothing to prevent  another humanitarian crisis at our border. We should be working  together on legislation that reforms our broken immigration system,  protects vulnerable families and children from human smugglers, reduces  the asylum backlog, and expands migrant processing and long-term  housing.   When this partisan messaging bill fails to move in the Senate, I hope  Democrats will finally choose policy over politics and agree to work  with Republicans on solutions to our border security problems.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am curious about the  announcement that the administration is in support of this and is  working toward this, because they have already issued an announcement  that they oppose this piece of legislation. So, if it did pass, it  would be vetoed by the President.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Joyce), an outstanding member of the Committee on Homeland  Security.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Banks), an outstanding leader in the  Republican Conference.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe), the ranking  member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, and a physician.    Mr. Speaker, I note several Members across the  aisle have talked about the need to improve our health screenings. This  bill does nothing to deal with that. It is about requiring the  installation of electronic medical records.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, here we have another bill that  demonstrates just how disingenuous Democrats are about securing our  borders and fixing our broken immigration system. But in a new twist,  today's bill shockingly prioritizes illegal immigrants over  servicemembers and veterans. They are going to send another partisan  messaging bill to the Senate, where it will promptly die.   When Democrats are ready to legislate real solutions to the problem  that this country faces, Republicans stand ready to work with them. In  the meantime, I urge all Members to oppose this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   