 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding  and thank him for his service on the important Rules Committee as our  ranking member and for his service in Congress and on that particular  committee.   Much of this grab bag of Democratic party favors in this bill are  entirely unrelated to each other. How, for example, does imposing  unfunded Federal mandates on State administration of elections relate  to mandating the President divest from business holdings?   The House Administration Committee is the only committee to mark up  this legislation. However, House Administration only marked up the  portions of the bill that were in their jurisdiction.   The amendment in the nature of the substitute was 447 pages; the  Rules print was 622 pages.   The Committee on Oversight and Reform had substantial jurisdiction  over this legislation. We sent a letter to the chairman asking for a  markup. We got a letter back from him saying we would do that after the  vote on the bill. Now, how the heck does that work? How the heck does  that work?   So this needs to slow down. I think the underlying legislation is  wrong for the country. The idea that every single taxpayer is now going  to have to finance public campaigns, finance election campaigns--just  what the voters wanted, just what they need. The very people who are in  this swamp, you now have to pay for them to get reelected to stay in  this swamp.    Mr. Speaker, I urge that we oppose the rule. If the rule  does pass, I would certainly urge that we oppose the legislation as  well.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, it is bad enough that this bill is going to tell States  how to run elections, bad enough this bill is going to require  taxpayers to finance the elections of politicians who created the swamp  so they can get back to the swamp, but what is most egregious about  this legislation is the attack on free speech.   As the whip mentioned, the ACLU has said we should vote no on this  bill because it unconstitutionally burdens free speech and association  rights. Let me tell you how it does it. It uses our old friend the IRS.   Remember just a few years ago the IRS systematically targeted people  for their political beliefs. They went after conservatives.   Now think about your First Amendment liberties, your right to  practice your faith the way you want to, the right to assemble, the  right to petition your government, freedom of the press.   What is the most fundamental liberty we have under the First  Amendment? Your right to speak and particularly to speak in a political  fashion, a political nature. That is what the IRS went after.   This bill does this. It gets rid of the schedule B protections that  are currently in law. It says the reason the protection of schedule B  information is important has nothing to do with vast conspiracies on  the right or left related to so-called dark money. Rather, it dates  back to the Supreme Court's 1958 decision NAACP v. Alabama. The Supreme  Court formally recognized First Amendment protection of the freedom of  association that prevented the NAACP from being compelled to turn over  information about its members.   What this bill will do today is, when this information has been  leaked, as it has already, everyday Americans will continue to receive  death threats, mail containing white powder, all because someone  disagrees with what they believe.   This bill should be defeated for one simple reason: It attacks our  First Amendment liberties, our most sacred rights. This bill goes after  it. That is why we should vote it down, and that is why I urge a ``no''  vote.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, H.R. 1 as currently drafted requires the  Office of Government Ethics to make ethics waivers issued to executive  branch employees publicly available. The bill goes even further to  mandate ethics waivers issued prior to the enactment of this  legislation must also be made publicly available.   This amendment requires OGE to submit a report to Congress within 45  days of enactment regarding the implications of the retroactive  applications of the ethics waiver process.   H.R. 1 already gives the Office of Government Ethics vast new  authorities and vast new responsibilities. This amendment would just  place an additional burden on OGE, and I would urge, Mr. Chairman, that  all Members oppose the amendment from the gentlewoman from Florida.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, this is duplicative of current rules.  Political appointees are government employees who are held to specific  travel and ethics standards already. Restrictions are there and have  been there, but the Democrats seem to want more bureaucrats involved in  the review.   Political appointees follow these fundamentals, among others, related  to Federal travel: travel must be conducted in the most efficient and  effective manner and only when necessary to accomplish the purposes of  the government, and employees traveling on official business are  expected to exercise the same care when incurring expenses as a prudent  person would on personal business.   Current Federal travel guidelines for political appointees already  limit travel flight expenses to common carrier commercial fares. The  only time private company aircraft can be accepted is if no other  travel arrangements are practically available or when they are offered  to your spouse, but explicitly not because of the political appointee's  position. Either way, all of this would be required to be run through  the White House Counsel's office.   Mr. Chairman, I urge that we oppose the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, as the gentlewoman said, this amendment  would require the Office of Government Ethics to promulgate rules to  apply ethics laws to unpaid employees of the Executive Office and  President of the White House. As she also mentioned, this is clearly to  go after Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump. It seems to me that this is  not the kind of thing that we should be focused on.   Miss Trump has been appointed as an executive branch employee and is  now covered by the ethics laws and regulations that apply to all  executive branch employees. It seems to me this is congressional  overreach and redundant of current ethics rules and practices of other  folks who have worked in the executive branch.   As I said, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, another bad amendment to a bad bill. This  amendment suffers from the same defects as the underlying bill. It  continues the same regrettable trend by our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle of trying to silence speakers they don't like.   Portions of this bill are so radical that, as we have said several  times already, even the ACLU came out today and asked Members of this  body not to vote for it. The ACLU said H.R. 1 would unconstitutionally  burden free speech and associational rights. This amendment is more of  the same tactics that caused the ACLU to oppose the underlying  legislation.   As I said, a bad amendment to a bad bill. Put that all together, it  makes everything worse.   The Lobbying Disclosure Act, which this amendment would seek to  change, is about disclosure and increasing public awareness, not  preventing people from undertaking a lawful profession. The decision of  whether to undertake representation of a client is a personal and  professional matter, not one for central government planning.   What my friends on the other side of the aisle seem not to understand  is the answer to speech that they view as undesirable is more speech.  It is called the First Amendment. It is called debate. The Federal  Government should not and cannot constitutionally prevent the people it  does not like from speaking.   And we know it has tried. Just a few years ago, it did it. And I will  continue to bring this up as long as the good folks in the Fourth  District will have me in Congress.   A few years ago, the IRS systematically, for a sustained period of  time, went after people for their political beliefs--it happened; they  did it--for the most fundamental liberty we have, our right to speak.   Think about the First Amendment, freedom to practice your faith the  way you want, freedom to assemble, freedom to petition your government,  freedom of the press. All those are critically important.   But your right to speak is fundamental, and your right to speak in a  political fashion is what the Founders had most in mind when they  talked about your free speech, First Amendment rights.   This amendment goes to restrict it just like the bill does, and that  is why the ACLU is against it. That is why I am against it.   This is a bad idea to a bad piece of legislation. I mean, think about  what is going on, on college campuses today: safe spaces, free speech  zones, bias response teams. If you say something politically incorrect  today on a college campus, you get harassed.   In the last Congress, I asked a question in committee to a professor  from one of these universities that are taxpayer subsidized. I said:  Can a free speech zone and a safe space on a college campus be at the  same location?   He kind of chuckled. That is sort of the joke, because where is the  free speech zone supposed to be in this country? Everywhere. It is  called the First Amendment.   I asked this one professor: Professor, in a safe space on a college  campus, could I say this sentence: ``Donald Trump is President''?   Think about this. Think about this. The professor began his response  with this: Well, Congressman, it depends.   I interrupted him, which I will do sometimes if I think the witness  is saying something stupid.   I said: It is a fact. There is no ``it depends'' about it. He got  elected on November 8, 2016. He is President of the United States. He  lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. It is a fact.   The idea that on some college campuses you can't say that because you  are in some safe space is crazy. This is the absurd level that some on  the left want to take us to when we are talking about the First  Amendment.   Thank goodness--thank goodness--the ACLU sees it for what it is and  says vote ``no'' on this bill.   Heck, yes, I am opposed to this amendment, just like I am opposed to  the underlying legislation.   Mr. Chair, I would urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chair, the Office of Government Ethics already  consults with legal defense funds when prompted. OGE already published  two legal advisories around legal defense funds that define gifts  according to current U.S. Code and the ``Standard of Ethical Conduct  for Employees of the Executive Branch.'' Any legal defense fund  reviewed by OGE bars the trustee from accepting donations from already  prohibited sources.   Mr. Chair, I urge that Members oppose this bad amendment to an  already terrible underlying piece of legislation, and, respectfully, I  yield back the balance of my time.   