 Mr. Chairman, let me first thank the sponsor of this  legislation, Mr. Cunningham, the gentleman from California (Mr.  Lowenthal), and Mr. Grijalva for all of their work on this legislation.   I want to say that I do think a permanent moratorium on oil and gas  drilling in the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans' Outer Continental Shelf  planning areas is something that we must do. It doesn't matter whether  you represent the Atlantic or the Pacific Coast communities. A vote for  a permanent moratorium on oil and gas development along these shores is  a vote for our country's economic vitality.   I heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and the last two  speakers talk about national security and  [[Page H7609]]  how we don't have an energy plan. The bottom line is that, if you look  at the consequences to the economy of the country in these coastal  communities from something like the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster, it  was a 10-year projected economic loss of $8.7 billion in fisheries from  Texas to Florida, including 22,000 lost jobs just for fisheries.   Think of the impact on the tourism industry with the impact on local  businesses if we have a spill of this magnitude. Tourism is now the  number one industry in my State of New Jersey.   And don't tell me that we don't have an energy plan. In the Energy  and Commerce Committee, we are very much in favor of all kinds of  energy options--natural gas, nuclear power, whatever it happens to be-- and we certainly have moved towards energy independence by having more  natural gas and more production of oil.   All we are saying here today is that, when you talk about offshore  drilling in the Atlantic and the Pacific, if you weigh any benefits  that might come either in jobs or in money that comes back to the Land  and Conservation, whatever, you cannot possibly compare the economic  loss that we would have from a major oil spill to whatever gain you  have from this relatively small amount of oil that is going to be  captured by these oil companies in offshore drilling on the Atlantic  and the Pacific Coasts.   After the BP oil spill--I was on the Natural Resources Committee at  the time--there were recommendations that were put together by a  bipartisan commission. Not all of those were adopted. But even with  those recommendations, in the 7 years following the Deepwater Horizon  tragedy, there were 34 additional oil spills of more than 2,000 gallons  each.   There is no way to stop these oil spills from happening. They happen  on a regular basis. The further out you go, the more chance there is  that you are going to have a spill, and we cannot risk that.   The Jersey shore has already experienced a historic disaster in the  past few years. It was called Hurricane Sandy. We don't need a man-made  disaster that is going to shut down our businesses, cripple our housing  market, harm our health, or hurt our environment. The ocean is strained  too much by too much trash and disposal of plastics and the climate  crisis that triggered an increase in sea temperatures and  acidification.   In fact, we don't have to choose between a clean ocean and energy  production. Any energy we harness off the coast could come increasingly  from clean, renewable sources like offshore wind.   I am not saying that renewables are the only alternative. We still  have to have fossil fuels, there is no question. But the damage that  comes to our local economies cannot possibly compare to whatever jobs  you think are going to be created or whatever money you think is going  to come from this offshore drilling. It is miniscule in comparison to  the economic impact to our area.   So don't talk to me about jobs and loss of jobs when you see the loss  of jobs that occurred after BP and could occur to our shores. There is  absolutely no comparison, gentlemen. I have to say that over and over  again.   Now, we have put 1-year annual moratoriums. We passed an amendment  that I had in the appropriations bill, Interior appropriations, to have  a moratorium on an annual basis in the appropriations bill, but it is  high time that we have a permanent moratorium. It is not enough to just  address this annually through the appropriations process.   Mr. Chairman, I want to particularly commend the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Cunningham). I was actually in his district, and I just  heard unanimous praise of his effort to stop this drilling.   