 Mr. President, I am very proud to be in this Chamber.  I am always enormously grateful to be in this body, but especially so  at the beginning of this Memorial Day weekend, when we celebrate the  patriotism and dedication of our brave men and women in uniform-- patriots who serve our country in so many different ways, as teachers  and firefighters and police--and the values that bring us together  always as Americans. What we share is a dedication to the rule of law,  basic rights, which are the reason that our forbearers and this  generation have fought in parts of the world whose names we can barely  pronounce.   We celebrate those values and the rule of law in our Constitution on  this day, as we do every day this weekend, as every weekend, because  they guarantee the rights that enable us to march in parades when we  wish, gather with our families, worship, and speak as we please.   They guarantee also the rights to privacy that are at the core of our  Constitution--the right to be let alone from governmental interference;  the rights that literally ignited the passion and fight for freedom in  this country; the right of people to control their destinies, their  futures, their bodies.   Those rights are imperiled today as never before. We are in a dark  and dangerous time in this country with the passage of laws in Alabama  and Missouri, Kentucky and Ohio, and in other States around the  country, where the rights of women are under assault.   But let me say to the men of America, those rights are as important  to you, and that assault on rights is as critical to you as they are to  the women of America. Women's healthcare is under attack. Women's  reproductive rights are under assault, and that means that all rights  and all healthcare are gravely threatened. All of our rights are under  attack. That is the reason today I am introducing the Women's Health  Protection Act with my great colleague and friend Senator Baldwin of  Wisconsin and, in the House of Representatives, Chu, Frankel, and  Fudge, who led this effort there. We have actually reintroduced it. It  has been a longstanding effort of mine and theirs, and my own  commitment to this cause dates from my law clerkship to Harry Blackmun  on the U.S. Supreme Court, the year after he wrote the majority opinion  in Roe v. Wade.   I am proud to be a man standing for women's healthcare because  women's healthcare rights are human rights, and the men of America need  to hear loud and clear that their stake in this fight is as big as  anyone's, because this fight and this debate and this war on women's  healthcare endanger and imperil all of our rights in America.   The Women's Health Protection Act protects a woman's constitutional  right to access an abortion. It is a right that is absolutely central  to her economic well-being, her mental and physical health, and her  freedom--no matter where she lives, no matter what her ZIP code is, no  matter what her income, race, or religion is. And it is true of men, as  well, that regardless of where we live or who we think we are, those  rights are critical to our lives too.   The Women's Health Protection Act is designed to protect the  healthcare providers--some of the real heroes of women's healthcare,  who are delivering the best care they can, the care their patients want  and need--from absurd and medically unnecessary requirements. These so- called protections for women that States have enacted relating to the  width of hallways in clinics or admitting privileges or waiting periods  are a pretext. They are a disguise, a ruse to restrict women's rights  to healthcare.   Under the Women's Health Protection Act, no State--none--can restrict  women's healthcare by judging the width of hallways or doctors'  privileges or any of those supposed protections, which are really  pretexts. And those pushing unconstitutional restrictions will no  longer be able to disguise their morally repugnant efforts as  protecting women's healthcare, when, really, they want to take it away.   The attack on women's rights that we saw last week in Alabama was  only the most extreme and restrictive of a line of actions--demagogic  and draconian actions--in our State legislatures around the country.  But they have created fear, and they have created disparate effect, so  that women are apprehensive and anxious. And they should be.   They are angry, and that is absolutely right. We all should be angry.  We all have a responsibility to stand up and fight back, because these  laws cannot stand in our country.   We will fight them in the courts. We will fight them in the  statehouses, and we will fight them here in the Senate and in the  House, as we are doing with the Women's Health Protection Act.   These radical and unconstitutional extreme measures, which simply  tell a woman when she can become pregnant, involve the Government  controlling her body, which is against the fundamental guarantee of our  Constitution in the right to be let alone from unwarranted and illegal  Government interference.   We have had enough of the dangerous and deadly attacks on women. We  have had it with the meddling politicians who are getting between women  and their own personal healthcare decisions, interfering with women's  rights to consult their doctors, their families, their counselors, and  their faith leaders. We have had it with contemptible assaults on  women's freedom and futures.   When I worked for Justice Harry Blackmun, I remember we thought at  the time: All done. All settled. No more issues with a woman's right to  reproductive rights.   Roe v. Wade was the decisive opinion of the U.S. Supreme Court, the  law of the land, then and thereafter.   Here we are, decades later, still fighting this needless and  senseless battle for a woman's right to privacy and freedom, because  there are groups and individuals in this country who want to defy the  U.S. Constitution. Roe v. Wade was correctly decided. The U.S. Supreme  Court has reaffirmed it in its progeny.   Nominees to the courts coming before the Judiciary Committee have  refused to answer my question about whether it was correctly decided,  but the fact of the matter is, it was, it will be, and it will remain.  But the courage and strength of women still to assert their rights, of  providers who give them the care they need, of clinic access escorts  who every day put their well-being on the line, of the groups like the  Center for Reproductive Rights and Planned Parenthood, which advocate  tirelessly, and of the heroes who keep up the fight and the flame  should inspire us in this Chamber to say: Enough is enough. Let's pass  the Women's Health Protection Act so  [[Page S3079]]  women no longer fear that their rights will be imperiled regardless of  where they live and where they come from.   We will not be silent. We will not stop fighting. We will not give  up, and we are not going away.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   