 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2326,  the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ``Bill'' Mulder (Ret.)  Transition Improvement Act of 2019.   As ranking member of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, I am  proud of the work we have done in the subcommittee so far this year on  a bipartisan basis and through regular order.   Last Congress, we worked together to make reforms to the Transition  Assistance Program at the Department of Defense, enacting a portion of  this bill in the National Defense Authorization Act. We created a more  individualized process for servicemembers to undergo counseling and  training for civilian life well before their discharge. I think that is  the key.   The bill was formed as a result of multiple roundtables and hearings,  which included stakeholders from my district who discussed the  importance of community involvement in their transition process and  stakeholders from all over the country, Madam Speaker. And yet, despite  all the progress we have made, there is still more work to be done. I  am grateful that we are revisiting this issue today.   H.R. 2326 will provide access to veteran employment tracking  information to the VA and to the Department of Labor. It will also  reestablish a pilot program for an off-base TAP program for veterans  and their spouses, made available at locations such as local high  schools and community centers. Madam Speaker, I think it is so  important to include the spouses.   H.R. 2326 would also create a 5-year grant program at the VA for  qualified community organizations that provide innovative transition  assistance services to veterans.   I know we have many of these organizations in my district in Florida  and all over the country. One example of this is Veterans Alternative  in Holiday, Florida. I am grateful for the great work that they do.   Finally, this bill would require the VA, DOD, DOL, and SBA to  coordinate their efforts to conduct a 2-year independent assessment and  curriculum review of TAP and the transition process, as well as a 5- year longitudinal study on the effectiveness of these TAP changes.   I am glad to see the bill being taken up today by my friend and the  subcommittee chairman,   Mike Levin,  [[Page H4038]]  whom I have gotten the pleasure to know this year.   I think I don't have much more time, but I want to give him so much  credit for doing a great job as chairman of the Economic Opportunity  Committee, as well as Chairman Takano and my good friend, Republican  Ranking Member Roe. I also commend Representative Arrington for doing a  great job. We are helping our veterans.   Let's pass this good bill and get it to the Senate and to the  President so it can become law.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to strongly support H.R.  2045, the Veterans' Education, Transition, and Opportunity  Prioritization Plan, or the VET OPP Act of 2019, which would create a  significant structural change at the Department of Veterans Affairs to  better align and specialize economic opportunity for our veterans, our  true heroes.   As ranking member of the VA Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, I know  this committee understands the importance of prioritizing veterans'  education, workforce training, transition, and vocational  rehabilitation programs.   However, the way the VA is structured, under the current system, it  puts all benefit programs under one roof at the Veterans Benefits  Administration. While I certainly understand that the VBA focuses a  significant amount of time on processing disability claims and working  to decrease its backlog of appeals, as the doctor stated, my colleagues  and I on the committee have concerns that this has led to an imbalanced  amount of attention away from other benefit programs, like the GI Bill  education benefit and the employment programs, such as the vocational  rehabilitation and employment, which is so very important as well.   I fear that this lack of attention was fully realized last year,  again, as the doctor stated, as VBA failed to properly implement  sections 107 and 501 of the Forever GI Bill.   This failure by the VA to update their IT systems caused massive  delays in processing GI Bill claims for thousands of student veterans  last fall, many of whom rely on their payments as the only source of  income. And sadly, it was not the first time that the VA has failed to  provide GI Bill payments on time. Hopefully, it's going to be the last  time.   To help solve this inequity, H.R. 2045, the VET OPP Act, would create  a fourth administration at VA called the Economic Opportunity and  Transition Administration, led by the new VA Under Secretary appointed  by the President of the United States. This new Under Secretary would  be tasked with managing all education, home loans, small business  certification, transition assistance, and vocational rehabilitation and  employment benefits within the VA.   This bill is a smart, commonsense policy that will allow VA to  improve outcomes for our Nation's veterans seeking better economic  opportunities.   Finally, the bill will allow Congress to provide significantly better  oversight and accountability of those running these programs.   I want to thank the sponsor of H.R. 2045, Dr. Brad Wenstrup, for  introducing this legislation this Congress.    Madam Speaker, I also want to thank the chairman of  the subcommittee, my good friend,   Mike Levin, who is doing an  outstanding job for co-leading the bill with us.   I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 2045, as amended.   