 Madam President, Republicans believe, regardless of who  the President is, they should be able to hire their staff. I can say we  not only believe that, we practice that.   In 2013, there was an ongoing debate over nominations with President  Obama. Democrats and Republicans came together to resolve the time  issue for nominations under President Obama. Democrats asked  Republicans to join them to say: Let's fix the problem we have with the  length of time on  [[Page S2216]]  nominations because it is taking too long, and so they made a proposal.  It was 2 hours, equally divided--so it would actually be 1 hour--for  district court judges, 8 hours for other nominees, which again equally  divided would actually be 4 hours total for other lower nominees, 30  hours for circuit court, Supreme Court, Cabinet officers.   Republicans joined with Democrats in 2013 and with 78 votes at the  beginning of President Obama's second term--and may I remind this body,  Republicans were not excited about President Obama's second term-- Republicans joined with Democrats on this one principle: Every  President should be able to hire their own staff and their staff not be  blocked. When the American people vote for a President, this body  should respect the vote of the American people and allow that President  to hire their staff. Now, when President Trump was elected, Democrats  have 128 times blocked President Trump from getting his nominees--128  times.   I have, for now 2 years, met with my Democratic colleagues, and I  have asked, let's put back into place exactly what Republicans voted  with Democrats to do. I am asking Democrats to now vote with  Republicans to do that. They have said no for 2 years.   So I simplified the proposal and said: Let's just make it  straightforward and simple, taken from the same principles Harry Reid  put forward under President Obama. Let's make that permanent, no matter  who the President is now or in the future. Let's make it consistent and  straightforward.   I was told no by every single Democrat, with this one exception. I  will vote for that proposal as long as it starts in January of 2021. I  am glad you Republicans joined with Democrats, they would say, to help  President Obama get nominees, but we will not help President Trump and  will block him all the way through. Now, if you want to open this up  for 2021, we will be glad to be able to help.   I want to reiterate that Republicans believe whoever the President  is, when the American people select a President, they should be able to  hire their staff. I wish my Democratic colleagues believed the same  thing. Because of that, we are making a change today. I have worked for  months, meeting with Democratic colleagues, trying to find some way we  could come to an agreement as was done in 2013, where Republicans and  Democrats came together to resolve this. I have been rebuffed for 2  years. Not a single Democrat has been willing to join us in this, not a  single one. That is unfortunate.   At the end of the day, we will try to restore this body back to how  it used to function for two centuries, when every President was allowed  to get a hearing for their nominees and get a vote in the Senate. For  two centuries, we functioned that way. I think it is not unreasonable  to function that way again in this body.   I look forward to this dialogue, and I look forward to the day we can  get this issue resolved so we can get back to the work of legislation  because we can't even get to legislation right now because we are  blocked on nominations. So let's get the nomination issue resolved, as  we have for two centuries, and then let's get on to legislation and  finish the task.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   