 Madam Speaker, basically, when you have three stars, it  just means you outlasted a lot of folks. But the point is the honor of  being able to serve among marines, sailors, soldiers, airmen, and  coastguardsmen is enough to make us all swell with pride because, you  know, yesterday was Veteran's Day, and it is a real special day  thanking the veterans of all wars for their service to our country.   I rise today in support of H.R. 4477, as amended, the Reducing High  Risk to Veterans and Veterans Services Act, a bill introduced by  Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Chris Pappas and co- led by myself.   Every 2 years, GAO publishes its High-Risk List identifying those  activities which are considered high risk due to their vulnerabilities  to fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement or their need for  transformation. Sometimes things don't always stay the same, and we  need to move forward with the change.   As Ranking Member Roe stated, GAO added managing risks and improving  VA healthcare to its list in 2015 and added VA Acquisition Management  in 2019. This past May, the Comptroller General of the United States  testified before the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, where I  am proud to serve as ranking member, concerning the Department's  efforts to add GAO recommendations.   Comptroller General Dodaro testified during the hearing: ``I want to  emphasize hardly any area in the high-risk area gets off the list  without sustained congressional oversight, as well, and action by the  Congress. The engagement by the Congress is absolutely critical to the  success of agencies coming off the High-Risk List.''   The intent of this bill is to focus VA on its efforts to remove these  two programs from GAO's High-Risk List and give Congress the  information needed to provide the sustained congressional oversight the  Comptroller General said was absolutely necessary and needed to remove  programs from the High-Risk List.   H.R. 4477 was amended in committee to incorporate provisions of H.R.  698, a bill introduced by Representative Banks, which would require VA  to report on its efforts to implement GAO's priority recommendations  for VA.   I strongly encourage all Members to support H.R. 4477, as amended.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his recognition.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of H.R. 4162. But I would like to  rise on behalf of not only the veterans, but also, the day before  Veterans Day was the 244th birthday of the United States Marine Corps.   The point is, all of the members of the military who serve and have  served, no matter what branch of service, we are proudly serving in the  culture that we chose.   That would be, in my case, the Marine Corps. And we are honored that  so many of our fellow veterans from the other services have chosen to  join us in the celebration of service to our country. So it is an honor  to be here, but also it is more of an honor to represent the veterans  on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, so ably led by Chairman Takano and  Ranking Member Roe.   As far as H.R. 4162, as amended, the GI Bill Planning Act of 2019,  the support we have gotten across the committee on this is nothing  short of spectacular and bipartisan. I would like to thank  Congresswoman Kathleen Rice for her support in making this happen.   As Ranking Member Roe mentioned, during the first 2 weeks of boot  camp, recruits are really not focused on making any big decisions,  other than staying with the program and making sure that they get  through boot camp. So they are not only asked to make a tough decision.  They are actually required to make a very consequential decision at a  time of extreme fatigue.   They must decide whether to opt out of their Montgomery GI Bill  benefit or pay $1,200 to keep their eligibility for down the road later  on when they are eligible to use it as a veteran.   Seventy percent of these enlistees are choosing to pay this  relatively large expense, but few will ever use the Montgomery GI Bill.  Rather, 97 percent of veterans today are choosing the newer Post-9/11  GI Bill, which usually amounts to a higher monetary benefit.   My legislation, the GI Bill Planning Act, would delay this decision  to no earlier than 6 months after these young men and women have  completed boot camp and entered service, instead of that first 2 weeks,  again, very critical in their time for success in boot camp.   Additionally, this bill would responsibly end new enlistee  enrollments in the outdated Montgomery GI Bill by October 2029. While  the Montgomery GI Bill has helped millions of veterans since 1984, it  is time to simplify benefits and sunset this bill.   Mr. Speaker, not only can this legislation save enlistees money, but  it can also ensure that they are more informed in their educational  benefits decisions. It is important that these motivated young men and  women know that we in Congress have their backs and are thinking of  them as they plan their bright futures in service to our great Nation.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4162, as amended.   