 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and  nays.    Mr. President, National Small Business  Week is about so much more than simply saying thank you to our small  business owners and entrepreneurs. It is about recognizing everything  they do for our communities. They aren't simply the economic backbone  but a common thread that binds us together.   We all remember the stores we visited when we were young or with our  families to pick out a new pair of shoes. They host bake sales, donate  to local churches and charities, as well as support local youth teams.  They invest in us, and we invest in them.   South Carolina is home to more than 400,000 small businesses  employing nearly 800,000 people.   Having been a small business owner myself, I have to tell you that  one of the more exciting times you could ever have in life is starting  a small business. I know Senator Braun can talk about what ABC Sports  used to call the thrill of victory as well as the agony of defeat.  Sometimes, for me, the thrill of victory was when I was signing the  front side of a paycheck for my employees, and the agony of defeat was  when I was not signing the back side of that paycheck for myself.   Being a small business owner certainly teaches you incredible lessons  about life, about people, and certainly about the community you want to  serve. Owning your own small business is a rewarding and sometimes  challenging experience.   As part of National Small Business Week, it is also my honor to  recognize VetFriends of Mount Pleasant, SC, as the Senate's Small  Business of the Day.   Dale Sutcliffe, a U.S. Marine veteran of Desert Storm, founded  VetFriends nearly 20 years ago with the simple mission of reuniting  veterans. Following his service, Dale recognized the benefit that  reconnecting veterans could have and quickly set up a platform where  veterans can reunite with their fellow servicemembers during the time  in which they served our great Nation.   The VetFriends platform has over 2.5 million veteran members and has  brought together thousands of veterans. In the process, the platform  has helped veterans share their stories, share their photos, as well as  stay informed about upcoming events and reunions.   Currently, VetFriends employs over 25 South Carolinians and almost  all have a close relationship with a veteran. The team at VetFriends  has a longstanding tradition of supporting the veterans community and  are regularly seen volunteering at the Ralph Johnson VA Medical Center.  Additionally, the business has taken an active role working with the  Wounded Warrior Project and Patriots Point in Charleston.   It is clear that VetFriends' values and goals not only enhance their  business plan but also improve the community they belong to. VetFriends  is an amazing example of what our small businesses are capable of, and  I thank Dale Sutcliffe and our small business owners throughout South  Carolina for pouring their heart and their soul as well as their dreams  back into the community.   Let me finish by saying happy Mother's Day to all the mothers and  especially my mama.   