 Mr. Chair, my first amendment increases funding for  the Department of Transportation's Office of the Inspector General by  $1 million and decreases funding for the Office of the Secretary by $1  million.   I am very concerned about recent reports that the Department assigned  senior officials to smooth a ``special path'' for the Senate majority  leader's favored grant projects.   I have no problem with funding transportation projects in Kentucky or  any other State. We should all have a problem with the Department  setting up a concierge service for one State while slow-walking  obviously critical projects like New Jersey's Gateway Program.   My second amendment makes clear that the Capital Investment Grant  program cannot be run in a manner outside the bounds we have  established in law. Congress never intended for politically motivated,  indefinite delays to transportation projects or for some projects to be  held to a much higher standard than others.   Infrastructure spending is something we all agree on. It is something  we all need.    Every part of the country will lose, if not now then  eventually, if we allow grantmaking to become politicized and the  intent of Congress to be ignored.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for the en bloc amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment increases funding for the Low or No  Emission Grant Program by $6 million, from $94 million to $100 million.   The program, as the name implies, provides funding to State and local  governments for zero- and low-emission transit bus programs.   Using funds from the first and second round of the Volkswagen  settlement, my State of New Jersey has begun our transition to electric  transit and school bus fleets. This program, and others like it all  across America, would benefit greatly from additional funds from the  Low or No Emission Grant Program.   The benefits to our country will be profound.   First, we get reduced carbon emissions. The Department of  Transportation has estimated that each zero-emission bus has reduced  carbon emitted to the atmosphere by 1,690 tons over its 12-year  lifespan, or the equivalent of taking 27 cars off the road.   Second, we get healthier kids. Smog from diesel buses drives up rates  of asthma with children and low-income communities suffering the most.   Finally, it is good economics. While electric buses cost more up  front, with their lower maintenance costs, they save around $39,000 per  year over their lifetime, a savings to taxpayers of more than $150,000  per bus.   So I hope my colleagues will agree that this is a smart investment.  It will speed our transition to a clean energy economy and it will do  it in a fiscally responsible way.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Price).    Mr. Chairman, I would add that we are not reducing  the grants available for bus programs in this country. We are simply  recognizing that there is a transition under way in our economy, a  transition to clean energy. We want to speed that transition and we  want to make sure that America leads that transition because, if we  don't, somebody else will.   We want American companies to be the world leaders in producing  electric buses, for example. We know that there is an upfront cost.  There is a long-term savings, but an upfront cost that the Federal  Government can help with. It will be good for our economy, in addition  to being good for the environment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   