 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am glad to finally be here today,  talking about the final conclusions we have reached on the  appropriations bill generally but, specifically, the Labor and Health  and Human Services and Education appropriations bill.   We are now a bipartisan Congress, with Democrats in control on one  side, Republicans on another. On this side, of course, we always have  to have 60 people to go forward on these bills. We generally have had  to have a bill here that would appeal to enough Democrats or enough  Republicans to make this happen, but we have come to the conclusion of  what is normally the hardest bill to negotiate. It is about 30 percent  of all the spending after you take defense off the table. Defense is  half of the discretionary spending; then you have 11 other bills that  have the other half of that spending.   This bill has 30 percent of that half. It has lots of things that you  could argue about and, frankly, lots of things that you would just say  ``If we can't all be happy about this, we won't move forward,'' which  would mean you wouldn't move forward.   This is a bill where Senator Murray and I and Congressman Cole and  Chairman DeLauro on the other side had to decide if we were going to  have a bill or not, and we decided we were going to have a bill. We  decided at the end of the process, with some help from others, that we  wouldn't have things in the bill that hadn't traditionally been there.   This is the place where much of the language that we debate in the  appropriations bills occurs--what can happen and what can't happen.  Things like the Hyde amendment have been in the appropriations bill for  a long time, and it is in this one.   Other things that have not been there in the past are not there, and  that was one of the things that allowed us to move forward.   Again, we had one body controlled by a different party, and we had to  come to a bipartisan consensus, and I think we have.   There were lots and lots of competing programs, some of which we are  all for, but maybe our priorities are different. In fact, it could be  that we just have more priorities on one side than on the other. But  these programs range from workforce training to early childhood  education to infectious disease control. That is a pretty big span of  things to try to come to a conclusion on.   Then, from our colleagues, we had 7,800 different requests--not  necessarily requests that would be considered ``I want you to spend  this money in my State'' but 7,800 requests that said ``We think this  program should be increased'' or ``This program should be decreased.''   So with all of those requests and that broad span, we came together  with a bill that I am going to vote for tomorrow and look forward to  voting for tomorrow. It is not exactly the bill I would have done if I  had been doing it by myself, but by the very definition of both  democracy and the Congress, you don't get to do these by yourself.   The bill, which will reflect the priorities of both sides of the  aisle and both  [[Page S7078]]  sides of the Capitol, invests in those priorities. We expand medical  research--something that has been one of the things at the top of my  list as the chairman of this committee. This is a moment when medical  research is so critical, when we know so much more than we did about  the human genome, so much more than we knew about immunotherapy just 5  or 6 years ago. This is a topic that wasn't on the radar screen of  treatments. Now, for many cancers, it is one of the first things you  think about: Does it work if we get this person's body focused in a way  that it fights back this cancer that is trying to overcome it? Often,  that produces a great result now that wouldn't have been happening 5 or  6 years ago.   The opioid epidemic is one that we deal with in this bill.   Investing in high-quality early childhood care and early childhood  education and education generally are in this bill--trying to make  college more affordable with things like Pell grants that not only work  for people who don't have the income to do this without some help, our  government has decided, but also now work year round for about the  third year, when, once you get started, you can keep on going if you  have a pattern that is working.   We spent a lot of time in the last year talking about what to do in  this growing economy, where more jobs are available than people looking  for work. What do we do to better match the people looking for work  with the jobs available? More importantly, how can we anticipate that  that will happen in the future?   For the fifth straight year, after 12 years of no increase, the  National Institutes of Health in this bill will get a significant  increase, an additional $2.6 billion, which increases them in the last  5 years over 40 percent--again, at a time when this investment can mean  so much to so many people.   We specifically targeted the investment toward Alzheimer's disease.  Alzheimer's and dementia are the things that taxpayers pay the most on  in order to help, and taxpayers don't pay nearly all of the costs that  families have with Alzheimer's and dementia.   The President's Childhood Cancer Data Initiative is here. Precision  medicine, combating foreign threats to research, addressing the  facilities backlog on the campuses, all of those are here.   Our investments in NIH are making a difference for families and  making a difference, we hope, for the future. That NIH-based research  has helped raise life expectancy. It has vastly improved the quality of  life for many Americans. It has lowered healthcare costs. It has very  dramatically decided, in some healthcare situations, either how  invasive you need to be or how much pain has to be involved in getting  you headed in another direction but also, by the way, on the opioid  front, understanding that the complete elimination of pain is not  necessarily a good thing unless you are sure you are going to be able  to deal with that pain medicine and that moment later.   The bill fully funds the President's request to do everything we can  in the next 10 years to eliminate the HIV epidemic. It would have been  hard to imagine 5 years ago or 10 years ago saying that we would be in  sight of a vaccine and eliminating HIV as an epidemic problem in our  country.   We spend money on that, but we have fully funded what the President  and others believe would be necessary to achieve that goal. We spend  $20 billion a year right now on direct health expenditures on HIV  prevention and care. Our goal in the next 10 years will be to reduce  the number of new infections of HIV by at least 90 percent every year.   Third, this bill, the fiscal year 2020 bill, continues our commitment  to the opioid epidemic, providing money to do that, providing money for  prevention, for education, for research, and for treatment, as well as  recovery programs.   In this bill we put new flexibility in for the opioid epidemic to  where those things you may go to after you have become addicted to  opioids, like meth, can also qualify for the kinds of help that people  need if they are trying to escape their addiction to pain medications  or other things that they have become critically linked to.   This bill includes new and substantially expanded investments in Head  Start, in high-quality early childhood care; programs that provide more  flexibility to school districts to use the limited resources they have,  whether that is title I, if you are a school person and know what that  means, or title II, supporting effective instruction State grants;  IDEA, the ability to help people with disability education issues;  Impact Aid in communities that have significant Federal investments in  military bases or a national forest or things like that. These are all  things we deal with in this bill. We also target STEM education,  including the focus on computer science.   We are also trying to bring focus for young people to make them more  quickly understand what the options are out there. Clearly, the college  path that has been so pervasive in the last two decades isn't the right  path for everybody. And even if it is the right path for everybody, if  it doesn't hurt to go to college--I am the first person in my family to  graduate from college. If it doesn't hurt to go to college, it might  not necessarily get you a job unless you know what job it is you are  thinking about as you put your college life together. Even that might  not give you the job that you really would like to do. So part of what  we are trying to do here is to connect people earlier with the  opportunity to do that. If they do go to college, we are increasing  Pell grants for the third year in a row by about 2.5 percent. We are  increasing programs--the so-called TRIO Programs--for people who  haven't had members of their family go to college before, to help them  get ready for college, get them thinking about what they need to do to  be the first person in their family to go to college, to help them  figure out how to stay in college, because nobody in their family can  give them the exact advice they might need on how to stay in college,  and how they can get prepared to get a job out of college and avoid the  kinds of loans they cannot afford to pay back.    There is something I call lost equity. I have talked to so many  people in the last 2 years who are about 28 years old, and over and  over again, the story was so similar. They went to college for a year  or a semester and then held a series of jobs that were not too hard to  get but didn't lead anywhere. They were landscapers or Uber drivers or  bartenders or whatever else, with no sense that that was a career and  not the underpinnings they would like to have. Then finally, in their  midtwenties, somebody tells them or they figure out on your own that  they have to have something that can support them the way they would  like to be supported and help them with a family, might have retirement  and certainly has benefits. We are trying to do what we can to be sure  that focus comes earlier as they begin to think about what they like to  do and what they find fulfilling.   Let's talk about the jobs that are out there, whether it is STEM  education or health services. Let's talk about the difference between a  nurse practitioner and being a doctor. Let's talk about the difference  between being a doctor and a specialist. Let's talk about where the job  opportunities are in physical therapy, occupational therapy, or health  tech. All of those things are a way to a great career if you know what  you are doing.   If you missed that launching point, if you missed those 10 years,  that lost decade, it is pretty hard to ever catch up to your  schoolmates who understood what they wanted to do and maybe had no more  resources or capacity than you, but they had an extra 10 years on you  in preparing for the career they would like to have and the work they  would like to do and where that might lead them.   The President really has been focusing on apprenticeship programs. An  apprenticeship is a good way to learn firsthand and see firsthand what  you want to do, whether it is an apprenticeship program or community  college or traditional college or skills you learn in the military that  you should be able to immediately transfer into a private sector,  nonmilitary opportunity. We need to spend some time and some money on  that, and this bill does.   The bill continues to try to do what we can to be looking carefully  at reducing fraud, reducing waste, and seeing that tax dollars are  being spent properly, and a lot of them are spent right here in this  bill. We prioritize  [[Page S7079]]  programs that really will provide benefit to, we hope, large groups in  our country.   The bill reflects compromises on both sides. The people of this  country send 100 different people to the Senate and 435 different  people to the House to vote and to make decisions that reach  conclusions. This bill does that. All 12 of these bills we will vote on  sometime in the next 3 days do that. They allow us to defend the  country and to meet the obligations that people have asked the  government to look at for them and hopefully do that in a way that  produces real results.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   