 Mr. President, I rise today to say just a word about  Veterans Day, but then to talk about our Nation's historically Black  colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions.   We will celebrate Veterans Day as a nation on Monday, so this will be  an opportunity to stand as a Member of the Armed Services Committee and  as a Senator from a very militarily connected State to echo the words  of Senator Thune from a few minutes ago that we owe a huge debt to our  veterans.   Also, November 10 is the 244th anniversary of the Marine Corps. As a  father of a U.S. marine, I also want to specifically offer my  congratulations to the Corps.   One of the joys of serving in the Senate and being on the Armed  Services Committee from a State that has the  [[Page S6458]]  military tradition of Virginia is the ability to meet wonderful leaders  all around my commonwealth, all around the country, and all around the  globe. For those serving our country, we are in their debt.   I do want to point out that we are having a debate on the floor over  the Defense appropriations. The Senator from South Dakota spoke a  little bit about that. I just want to lay out from the Democratic  perspective what is at stake. It is not support of the military that is  at stake. As an Armed Services Committee member, I am devoted to making  sure we get to the right appropriations level for the Department of  Defense.   What is holding this up is not one party or the other not supporting  the military. What is holding this up is that Democrats do not approve  of the practice that has been engaged in by President Trump of  rummaging through the Defense Department's budget to come up with money  for a border wall, which our military leadership says is a nonmilitary  issue.   We do not believe that once Congress appropriates money for a defense  budget, the President should be able to use an emergency declaration to  go into the coffers of the Pentagon and cannibalize projects that  affect our military families to use for the border wall. To the extent  there is a dispute right now, that is what the dispute is about. It is  not support for the Defense Department or not; it is whether we should  allow a rummage sale in the Pentagon budget to fund a border wall.   If you are going to have a discussion about border wall funding,  let's do that separately, but let's not cannibalize the Defense  Department's budget to do it.   