 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today because robocalls have to stop. With the help of our  phone carriers and the FCC, we have crafted solid legislation in the  Stopping Bad Robocalls Act. But the most important voices heard in the  crafting of this bill were the men and women from our districts who  have had to deal with these calls.   Illegal robocalls are annoying, disruptive, and harmful. Sadly, Madam  Speaker, for many people in Ohio and across the country, these calls  have also ruined lives. I hosted a workshop geared toward helping  seniors avoid becoming victims of scams, including illegal robocalls,  and the stories are heartbreaking.   We heard from seniors who have been manipulated into giving away  their life savings to scammers, often because they were tricked into  thinking someone they loved had been hurt. They told me, if there was a  way for them to know that it was an illegal robocall before they  answered that call, this could have possibly been prevented.   That is one of the many solutions we offer in the Stopping Bad  Robocalls Act. I am proud to have contributed with language from our  own STOP Robocalls Act, which would make it easier for Americans to  access robocall blocking technology through their phone companies on an  informed opt-out basis.   Prior to this legislation and the FCC ruling, these services were  available to consumers who opted in to receive them. This restriction  made the number of customers using blocking technology very low. This  legislation will change that.   Madam Speaker, Americans deserve peace of mind knowing that the  phones that connect us to the world are being used for good and not  scams.   I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey, the chairman of the  full committee; the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the  subcommittee; and the gentleman from Oregon, the Republican leader of  the full committee for working with us on this legislation.   I also want to thank our great staffs for all the hard work that they  did in making sure we got this legislation to the floor today.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3375.   