 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 987,  and I truly lament the fact that the other side is once again, under  their leadership's direction, trying to score political points instead  of truly solving problems.   Republicans and Democrats agree on the need to tackle out-of-control  prescription drug costs. It is an issue that touches all of our  districts. People are struggling and in need of relief.   All of the names mentioned today, the illustrations, from the Speaker  of the House on to my colleagues, names that were mentioned of people  who are hurting and need relief from drug costs, are being let down by  the Democrat leadership today.   Up until today, we have been working together on solutions. On the  Energy and Commerce Committee on which I sit, as well, we passed three  drug pricing bills with overwhelming bipartisan support: The CREATES  Act, the Protecting Consumer Access to Generic Drugs Act, and the  Bringing Low-cost Options and Competition while  [[Page H3866]]  Keeping Incentives for New Generics Act. These bills would foster  greater competition and help bring generic drugs to market as soon as  possible and at more affordable prices.   Once again, they all had bipartisan support. They were bills that  were good bills.   Unfortunately, the Democrats turned this bipartisan issue into a  political football by adding several partisan provisions to this bill  package, and they let down everyone that they have talked about today  who needs affordable prescription drugs. They are costly provisions  that bail out failed ObamaCare programs and strip away affordable  healthcare options for families.   The Democrats also rejected a number of commonsense amendments,  including one I offered to protect expanded access to association  health plans. These association health plans give more affordable  options to workers and small businesses to purchase healthcare that  fits their needs. We should be encouraging these options, not removing  them.   But most of all, today should be a moment of bipartisanship, a moment  of meaningful results. We had an opportunity to get something done  today on behalf of our constituents who are struggling with  skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs. Instead, politics got in the  way and we missed that opportunity.   The American people deserve better than that, and I think most of us  are better than that. We stand ready to work on lowering prescription  drug costs.   I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will talk to  their leadership and put politics aside and join us in that effort. I  believe we and they are better than that and that, by standing up to  leadership that wants to make it political, if they do that, we can get  this done. I stand ready to work.   I hate to do this, Mr. Chairman. I want to keep talking about this  and get a solution, but my time is up.   