 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Rouda for this  opportunity to speak on the floor.   Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to be a Representative of the San  Fernando Valley in the United States House of Representatives.   I rise today to honor two American artists: the great Marilyn Monroe  and Ritchie Valens.   I offer these bills, H.R. 1252 and 1253, today on the floor of the  House of Representatives to name the post offices of Van Nuys and  Pacoima, California, in their honor.   First, I offer H.R. 1252 in celebration of the talented and legendary  Marilyn Monroe, who has roots in my district. Marilyn Monroe was born  in Los Angeles, California, grew up in Van Nuys, and attended Van Nuys  High School. She grew up poor and bounced around orphanages as a child.   Back then, the chances of a poor woman like Marilyn Monroe becoming a  national success and musical legend was nearly impossible, but she beat  the odds. Despite her turbulent childhood, Marilyn Monroe found  stability and joy while living in Van Nuys, California.   Her hard work and perseverance led her to become a timeless,  internationally recognized icon.   In a world where many believe wealth, status, or name determine one's  destiny, Marilyn Monroe's story defies the odds and inspires many  others to believe they, too, can achieve very similar success.   Marilyn Monroe showed us that dreaming big and working hard means  something in America. Marilyn Monroe went off to become an artist and a  trailblazer, starring in her own movies and setting records during her  singing career.   It is with great pride that I introduce this bill to rename the Van  Nuys Post Office in celebration of the life and the incredible history  of Marilyn Monroe.    Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank both  Representatives who are handling the floor at this moment and paying  their proper respects and appropriate comments on these bills.   Mr. Speaker, I have the honor to rise today and offer H.R. 1253,  which would designate the post office in Pacoima,  [[Page H8170]]  California, as the Ritchie Valens Post Office Building.   Ritchie Valens was born and raised in my home neighborhood of Pacoima  and attended San Fernando High School.   The rock and roll legend and father of Chicano rock is celebrated  today for pioneering a music style derived from the Chicano culture,  and it has reverberated around the world.   He became a nationally renowned rock musician at a time when very few  Latinos were recognized in American rock music. Valens' contributions  in rock include record-setting hits such as ``La Bamba,'' ``Donna,''  and ``Come On, Let's Go.''   In March of 2001, Ritchie Valens was inducted into the Rock & Roll  Hall of Fame. Ritchie Valens continues to inspire generations of  musicians and is an example of how, even when it seems like there is no  path to your dream, you make your own way and build your own path.   Ritchie Valens is an example of the talent that exists in our  community, and his legacy is a source of pride for our Pacoima  community.   I am honored to offer H.R. 1253 in celebration of the great Ritchie  Valens' life, a true trailblazer.   I can tell you, I have witnessed being outside of the United States,  for example, when the song ``La Bamba'' comes on, and every child,  usually from the age of 1, 5, 6, 7, or 8--they just can't help it--they  just start to move, and they recognize that beautiful music.   To be able to honor this man and his family by naming a post office  after him is truly an opportunity that I appreciate, and the entire  community appreciates as well.   