 Madam Chair, I rise today to support this amendment to  reassert Congress' constitutional role in authorizing the use of  military force.    As a former Army Ranger, I learned firsthand that when politicians  talk tough in this town, real people get hurt.   It was an honor to serve our country in Iraq and Afghanistan, but I  also witnessed the consequences of sending Americans into harm's way  without defined goals and a clear exit strategy.   The most solemn responsibility of Congress is the decision to  authorize the use of military force. It is a responsibility that our  Founders reserved for Congress because we are directly and daily  accountable to those who have to fight our wars: our sons, daughters,  mothers, and fathers.  [[Page H5717]]    I urge my colleagues to join me in reasserting Congress' role in  deciding when to use military force by voting ``yes'' on this  amendment. It is time to fulfill our constitutional duty.    Madam Chair, I rise today to support Representative Lee's  important amendment to repeal the 2002 Authorization for Use of  Military Force, an authorization that has long outlived its intended  purpose: the 2002 AUMF authorized U.S. force to overthrow Saddam  Hussein's regime and enforce U.N. resolutions in Iraq. Much has changed  since those days and, today, Iraq is an important partner in the fight  against terrorism.   As the justification for the 2002 AUMF has ended, so, too, should  this authorization. This is not an opinion I alone hold. Just today,  Army Chief of Staff, a nominee for the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs,  General Milley, stated that the 2001 AUMF provides all of the  authorities necessary for ongoing counterterrorism operations in the  region. I agree with General Milley and believe it is time to repeal  this outdated authorization that no longer serves an operational  purpose.   A common theme in the NDAA this year is the emphasis on increasing  transparency and reasserting congressional oversight on matters of war  and diplomacy.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on this amendment and  demonstrate that Congress is reasserting its Article I authorities and  responsibilities.   