 Mr. Speaker, today much of our country's attention is  focused on the hearing happening across the street from where we stand.  For weeks, pundits have been speculating: What else would the special  counsel reveal? Where is that smoking gun or the viral moment?   These questions are understandable, but they also obscure a powerful  tool already at this body's disposal as we consider whether or not to  hold the President accountable: what we already know. And for that, we  turn to the special counsel's report.   Volume I details a ``sweeping and systematic'' attack by the Russian  Government on our democracy, an attack that our President still refuses  to acknowledge. Volume II describes 11 different occasions--11--where  the actions of the President may have obstructed justice.   The legal framework is pretty straightforward. In criminal cases, an  individual must meet the so-called elements of an offense, essentially,  a checklist of actions, which, if each is proven, means that a crime  was committed. What follows in the special counsel's report is an  exhaustive detailing of facts uncovered and a thorough analysis as to  whether the elements of obstruction of justice were met in those 11  instances.    The special counsel instructs, on page 9 of Volume II, that ``three  basic elements are common to the most relevant obstruction statutes:  one, an obstructive act; two, a nexus between the obstructive act and  an official proceeding; and three, a corrupt intent.''   In a few of the occasions investigated, the special counsel indicates  that the evidence is not sufficient to reach that standard. In several  others, however, his analysis is crystal clear.   On page 84, the report begins to detail how the President directed  White House Counsel Don McGahn to remove the special counsel. ``Mueller  has to go.''   ``Call me back when you do it.''   The special counsel then applies the law:   One, an obstructive act: page 88, ``Substantial evidence supports a  conclusion that the President . . . directed McGahn to call Rosenstein  to have the special counsel removed.''   Two, a nexus: page 89, ``Substantial evidence indicates that . . .  the President knew his conduct was under investigation by a Federal  prosecutor.'' In fact, the President had tweeted about it.   Three, corrupt intent: page 89, ``Substantial evidence indicates that  the President's attempts to remove the special counsel were linked . .  . most immediately to reports that the President was being investigated  for potential obstruction of justice.''   Substantial evidence to show that all three elements of the offense  are met; substantial evidence that the President obstructed justice;  substantial evidence that the President of the United States committed  a crime.   There are countless other troubling facts which the special counsel  indicates may meet the obstruction threshold.   Page 91, just days after pressuring McGahn, President Trump directs  his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski to deliver a message to  Attorney General Jeff Sessions to limit the scope of the Mueller  investigation to future election interference alone.   Page 92, the President follows up with Lewandowski with the same  request a month later.   Page 96, the President writes Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, ``Did  you get it?''--referring to Sessions' resignation. ``Are you working on  it?''--which leads Mr. Mueller to conclude, on page 97, that ``taken  together, the President's directives indicate that Sessions was being  instructed to tell the special counsel to end the existing  investigation into his campaign.'' And, the same page, that  ``substantial evidence indicates that the President's efforts to have  Sessions limit the scope of the special counsel's investigation . . .  was intended to prevent further investigative scrutiny of the  President's and his campaign's conduct.''   These are the findings of the report, the facts as they were  uncovered and applied to the relevant statutes of our criminal law.  This is the information already in our hands today.   Summed up by Mr. Mueller's devastating conclusion: ``Our  investigation found multiple acts by the President that were capable of  exerting undue influence over law enforcement investigations, including  the Russian interference and obstruction investigations.''   The special counsel has done his job. We must do ours.   