 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution  144, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 46) relating to a  national emergency declared by the President on February 15, 2019, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their  remarks and insert extraneous material on H.J. Res. 46.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   President Trump's decision to declare a national emergency at the  southern border to siphon funds for his border wall is an  unconstitutional, grotesque abuse of power.   An emergency declaration is not a last-ditch maneuver to employ when  all negotiation attempts have failed. The House of Representatives has  rejected the President's border wall. The Senate has rejected the  border wall. And the American people have rejected this useless wall.   The President does not get to override Congress in a raucous temper  tantrum over his inability to broker a deal. The National Emergencies  Act was enacted in 1976 to expedite the allocation of resources for  real emergencies to save American lives and mitigate damage caused by  natural disasters and acts of terror. It was not fashioned to allow a  President to deny the will of Congress and the American people.   Both Democrats and Republicans alike should be very concerned about  the ramifications of this unprecedented executive action. It is a  direct threat to the balance of power that our country was built upon  and a violation of our Nation's Constitution.   There is also no factual basis for the emergency declaration.  Immigration from the southern border has significantly decreased in the  last 10 years. Any attempts to characterize the border as a crisis zone  are flagrant abuses of statistics, which have shown that border  crossings are at the lowest they have been in 40 years.   President Trump has long proved he is not married to the truth or  facts, and he has no proof to substantiate his wild claims about the  status of the United States and the Mexican border.   We cannot abandon our commitment to responsible governing and the  truth because President Trump is outraged at his inability to fulfill a  campaign promise.   There is wide bipartisan support for this measure, and our democracy  demands that we condemn this subversion of our Constitution and this  misuse of Presidential power.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Castro).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   The American people should know that there are not any statutes that  would allow a President to declare an emergency to build a border wall,  not one piece of legislation would allow that.   Previous Presidents have declared emergencies, but they have never  ventured into the legislative prerogative to allocate funding, and that  is the difference that we have here.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler), the chair of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   We have heard a lot of cries from the administration about there  being a problem on the southern border with caravans loaded with people  being human trafficked, and this is just simply unsubstantiated and  unfounded. There are no reports that this happening. This is a figment  of the imagination of some in the administration.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands (Ms. Plaskett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I am glad that the other side acknowledges that the people  approaching our southern border are not men from Mexico, but they are  families with children fleeing violence in Central America. That is an  important distinction.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Brown), vice chair of the House Armed Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side keep invoking the mantra,  ``Obama, Obama.'' Even though they opposed each and every initiative  that he put forward, regardless of merit, now they want to come back  and cite him for what he said and what he did. But one thing he did not  do was to allocate funding that he was not entitled to. He always  requested from the Congress funding authority.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Espaillat).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jeffries), our Caucus chair.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson), the chair of the Homeland  Security Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 1 minute to  the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority  leader of this House of Representatives.    Mr. Speaker, it amuses me when my friends on  [[Page H2137]]  the other side cause the public to believe that there are people coming  across our border, trying to sneak in, when the truth of the matter is  the people who are presenting themselves at our southern border,  primarily, are people fleeing violence in Central America, families,  women, children fleeing violence in Central America, presenting  themselves at lawful points of entry, not trying to jump the Rio  Grande, but at lawful points of entry, and seeking to apply for asylum.  That is the emergency that my friends on the other side tried to make  into something that would be such that President Trump is authorized to  spend moneys that have not been appropriated, and it is a farce.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Lewis), my dear colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I recall that the last 2 years  have been spent under the unified control of Republicans--both Houses  of Congress and the President--yet there was no emergency to construct  the $5 billion down payment on a border wall that is going to cost  about $30 billion. They didn't do it then; they want us to do it now-- or they want Trump to actually be able to do it without the  legislature.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the great State  of Texas (Ms. Escobar).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Cisneros), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is harder for me to imagine how a big, beautiful wall  will somehow bestow upon us knowledge that people are jumping over it  or going under it.   Those kinds of things do not work across the entire border. That may  have its place at some points, and I am sure we have border wall and  border fencing in the locations where it is necessary, but in the other  locations, we need--in addition to more Border Patrol officers who are  paid a living wage--we need the technology and the other assets that  can surveil and help with the apprehension of people who are coming  across the border at points that are not legal points of entry.    But the point is, today's crisis that faces the people of Central  America and drives them to our southern border is driving them to  lawful points of entry to seek asylum protection under this Nation's  laws, and that is something that they are entitled to.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas  (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute  to the gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I believe that most learned colleagues in this Chamber  understand that under U.S. law, we have granted persons approaching our  border the right to apply for asylum. That doesn't mean that asylum  will be granted, but they certainly have the right to apply for it.   It is the humane thing to do in a civilized society. This is the law  that America has proceeded under for centuries, and now we have a naked  power grab by the chief executive of this great Nation, the President  of the United States, seeking to do the job of the legislative branch,  and his own job. But there is a problem. It is only the legislative  branch that appropriates funding for various occurrences.   The legislative branch has not given this President what he has  sought; that is, a down payment on a border wall, which is a monument  to a campaign promise that he made. This legislature has not given him  that authority, and so in a naked power grab, he is seeking to do it by  declaring an emergency when, in fact, no emergency exists.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the District of  Columbia (Ms. Norton), my friend, and a staunch advocate for the people  of Washington, D.C.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of this great  House.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and  I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, in approving the joint resolution terminating President  Trump's illegal power grab, the House will make clear that nothing is  more fundamental to the functioning of our democracy than the  separation of powers among three coequal branches of government.   The facts are clear. President Trump failed to convince a skeptical  Congress to pay for an ineffective border wall.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, but I  must ask  [[Page H2141]]  you to ask yourself this question: Will you allow your solemn vow of  loyalty to President Trump to override your oath of office and your vow  of fidelity to the Constitution?   Vote to support this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back balance of my time.   