 Mr. President, I will be quick. I know we have a lot to  do before we vote, but if you are from South Carolina, you have a lot  to be happy about today. If you watched the football game last night, I  thought you saw a real display of college football.   I am a South Carolina graduate. I went to the University of South  Carolina. I have lived near Clemson most of my life, and I am here to  congratulate the Clemson Tigers because after last night, the Clemson  Tigers have become the gold standard for college football, both on and  off the field.   What I like most about Clemson is, they believe you can't win on the  field if you lose off the field, and it starts at the top. Coach  Swinney is the very definition of ``all in''--with his family, his  faith, his coaches and staff and his dedication and loyalty to his  current and former players. He is one of the most beloved men I have  ever met in the coaching profession. His players understand that he  cares about them, and when he pushes them, it is only because he wants  them to be the best they can be and the best the team can be.   Clemson University is not a football school, for those who are  wondering. It is one of the top-tiered, academically challenging public  universities in the entire country--and it is not bragging if it is  true--which happens to have a great football team and a great coach.   To those who don't want to see Clemson versus Alabama part 5, I can  understand that. I have some advice for you. Get better and beat one of  them. Don't complain. These are the two best teams in the Nation.   To my friends from Alabama, your program is going to go down as one  of the most historic programs in the history of college football, but  last night, the best team in the Nation was the Clemson Tigers. They  won decisively. They won with class. The 2018 season will be remembered  as long as there is a Clemson University.   I live 5 miles from the stadium. I grew up in the shadow of Clemson  University. I got an honorary degree from Clemson. That is about the  only way I would have ever gotten a degree. I am very proud of what  Clemson University has accomplished on and off the field. Tim and I  will be introducing a resolution recognizing this great accomplishment  by the Clemson Tigers.   I just want to end with this. In these troubled times, when there is  a lot going on in the world, and there is a lot of bad news, this is a  chance to celebrate something very positive. America is a football  country, and college football is one of our most beloved sports. Last  night, you saw two quality teams. I can say, without a doubt, if you  are going to follow college football, get to know the Clemson Tigers  because you are going to see them again. Go Tigers.   I yield the floor.   