 I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, today, I rise in support of my  amendment to H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   I would first like to thank Chairman Pallone and Chairman Neal for  committing to work with me on this amendment and the committee staff  for their efforts as well.   I am proud to represent Arizona's First Congressional District. Our  district is larger than the State of Illinois and is one of the most  rural in the country.   This year, I have held 26 townhalls across the vast district. At each  and every one, I heard from rural residents struggling to access  quality healthcare close to home. That is why I introduced my  amendment.   My amendment would reward grants to hospitals in rural and medically  underserved areas so these hospitals are able to establish a graduate  medical education program or partner with an approved hospital to host  residents.   According to the Congressional Research Service, more than half of  family medicine physicians reside within 100 miles of where they  trained as residents. My amendment will incentivize doctors to stay in  practice in our rural communities by providing opportunities to bring  medical students to rural areas for residency training. Hospitals are  not reimbursed for hosting graduate medical education programs until  they are fully established.   The grants awarded under my amendment would cover associated startup  costs for hospitals, including necessary infrastructure, equipment, and  fees.   My amendment also requires the nonpartisan Government Accountability  Office to issue a report on the success of the changes that this  education will implement, including analysis of whether residents  stayed in the rural communities where they trained.   According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, our  country will suffer a shortage of over 120,000 physicians by the year  2032. We are already losing physicians across rural America, and rural  areas will be hit especially hard.   I am offering my amendment today to mitigate the effects that those  seeking care in rural areas will experience. As we move forward with  H.R. 3, we must not leave our rural communities on the back burner. Our  rural communities will not be able to access their medications in the  first place if they cannot access providers.   My amendment takes an all-of-the-above approach to improving rural  healthcare by expanding access and revamping the ways we recruit  qualified medical professionals in the area where we need them most. I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from New Mexico (Ms. Torres Small), my colleague.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I thank Representative Torres Small, and I  thank all of my colleagues for standing with me today in support of  this important amendment that has received an endorsement from the  National Association of Rural Health Clinics. I look forward to joining  my colleagues to vote for the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now  Act later today.   This sweeping legislation will lower high-cost prescription drugs,  enable Medicare to negotiate prices, and save real dollars that can be  reinvested for drug research and development. This bill has the  potential to better the lives of countless American seniors, veterans,  and families. No family should have to choose between the medication  they need and putting food on the table.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in support of  my amendment and H.R. 3 later today, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   