 Mr. President, I first want to make a single declarative  sentence:  [[Page S156]]  There is no one in this body who is for open borders.   One of the most troublesome aspects of this debate that has been  framed, particularly by this administration, is that you are either for  the wall or for open borders. That is not true. In 2013, two-thirds of  us voted for a very strong border security provision as part of the  comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed this body--as I say,  by two-thirds. It was never taken up in the House. Had it been taken up  in the House, it likely would have passed; the President would have  signed it; and a lot of these issues would have been behind us.   All of us--everyone here on both sides of the aisle--support border  security. What we support is cost-effective, sensible border security,  not border security that really doesn't fit the nature of the problem  we face and that so far, anyway, is undefined in terms of location,  design, cost, and all of the other characteristics of any major  construction project that is submitted to this Congress for its  approval.   Again, one of the problems with this whole discussion is what does  the President mean when he says ``wall''? Is it 30 feet high? Is it 20  feet high? Is it steel? Is it concrete? This has evolved over time. The  biggest question is where and how long. Is he talking about a wall that  extends from the Gulf of Mexico to Southern California, to the Pacific  Ocean? That is about 2,000 miles. Is that what he is talking about? If  so, we should know that. Then we can debate it as it relates to other  potential options for securing the border along that distance.   It also should be noted that there already is a wall, by anybody's  definition, along portions of that border. I have seen it. I have been  to McAllen, TX, where the President was yesterday, and I have seen the  wall--a wall. Yet the questions are, How big is it? Where is it going  to go? How is it going to be designed and paid for?   One of the reasons the wall is really not the right solution for the  current problems of immigration starts with the fact that about 50  percent of the illegal immigrants--of the undocumented immigrants--in  this country today are here on overstayed legal visas. A wall has  nothing to do with these people. These are people who came in through  airports and all other ports of entry all over the country into the  United States, and 50 percent are here on overstayed visas. The wall  has zero effect on that issue.   The other principal issue we are facing at the wall--and this has  also been confused in the news coverage of the caravans and in the fear  that has been spread--is that the vast majority of the people who come  to the border today are not looking to sneak across; they are looking  for a port of entry at which to give themselves up as asylum seekers.  They are not illegal immigrants; they are availing themselves of  American law. Once they get to this country, with their having credible  fears of prosecution or of persecution or of danger in their home  countries, they have a right to have it be determined whether they are  legitimate asylum seekers.   That is who we are dealing with. That is who all of those people are.  When you see the pictures of the caravans, they are not headed for a  blank place in the Arizona desert. They want to go. They want to be  captured. They want to be taken into custody. Then they can have their  asylum claims adjudicated. The wall has nothing to do with them. The  wall is a response to a problem that is decades old but that has  grossly, drastically diminished over the last 10 or 15 years. For the  problem of people literally sneaking across the border--entering the  country illegally--all of the data is that the number is down. It is  down about 85 percent from the number of people who entered the country  illegally in 2007, over the past 10 or 11 years.   By the way, all of the data can be found in a fascinating document  that was produced in September of 2017, about a year ago, by the Trump  administration's Department of Homeland Security. I can't remember the  exact title, but it is something like the ``Status of Illegal  Immigration at the Southern Border.'' It is a long report that is full  of graphs. I like graphs, but I don't need to hold them up because all  of the graphs have a downward slope in terms of illegal entries, of the  people who get away, of the number of people who come in who are  recidivists, who have been here before. They are all down. So to argue  that we are somehow in a crisis today, when all of the indicators are  moving in the right direction, is really hard to reconcile with the  reality.   The issue I am trying to illustrate is that the wall is the wrong  solution to the current problem. It may have been a rational solution  in 1985 or even in 2005 or in 2006, when the Congress passed a major  fence law and did increase border security substantially, but we are  dealing with a different set of problems today that the wall--a wall-- whatever it is--doesn't address.   I said at the beginning that nobody here is against border security  and that there may be places where a wall is part of that. Yet one of  the secondary problems we have is, we have never been told what this  thing--the wall--is. How long will it be? How big will it be? How much  will it cost? Is it going to be on private land or Federal land? We  don't have a plan for what it is that is actually being proposed that  the government is being held hostage over.   We don't know what the President wants. To say ``I want a wall''  doesn't tell you much. Is it 2,000 miles long or 100 miles long? Is it  20 feet high, is it a fence, is it a 30-foot high concrete wall or  something with steel slats, which seems to be the design of the day?   We don't really know what it is. If the mayor of Bangor, ME, went to  the city council and said ``I want to build a new school, but I am not  going to tell you how many students are going to be in it; I am not  going to tell you where we are going to build it, and I am not going to  tell you what it is going to cost; just give me a blank check to build  that school,'' the city counsel of Bangor would laugh Her Honor out of  the hall. It wouldn't even think about doing something like that. No  city in America would do something like that. Yet that is what we are  being asked to do here today.   We are essentially being asked for a blank check--well, it is a check  for $5.7 billion, but that is a downpayment. The real estimate is for  what they think the President wants, which is more in the $20- to $25- billion amount.   That gets me to my final point before I talk about the impact of this  in Maine. Let's say that we could settle this, this week. We could  negotiate with the White House--which is not easy to do because their  position changes day to day--and say: OK, it is going to be 100 miles  of wall; this will be the size; this will be the design; this is the  agreed-upon cost. Let's say we could do that. If we do that in the  context of the government being shut down, we are inviting this to  happen again.   Next year, we will just have more budgets. We have a debt ceiling  debate coming that is very important for the future of the country, for  the economics of the country, for the soundness of our economy. We have  budgets coming next September. If this works, if this shutdown that has  been initiated by the President works as a tactic to get a portion of  his wall, he will do it next time. That is why the age-old principle  is, you don't negotiate with hostage-takers. Why? Because if you do,  the next time, they will do it again. Then this will become a normal  and routine tactic between this President and, perhaps, future  Presidents and the Congress that puts us in a position of being  totally--where we have to choose between a government shutdown and the  pet project of whatever and whoever that President is. That is a very  dangerous path for us as a deliberative body, particularly as a coequal  branch of the U.S. Government.   I have talked in sort of global terms, but this is hurting Main  Street America. We have heard today and we have heard on the news and  we hear all the time about the effects on the furloughed Federal  workers, which are very real. Today is the day that they don't get  their check. Here is the problem: You can shut down and stop people's  checks from coming, but you can't stop their bills from coming--their  mortgage payment, their childcare payment, their automobile insurance,  their homeowners insurance, their heating bill, their medication, their  food. All of that has to be paid for.   We can say: Well, we know they will make adjustments. That is a  pretty  [[Page S157]]  hard path to put people on. That is a heartless path. These people are  being used as pawns, as hostages, in a policy debate that has nothing  to do with them.   One of the easiest solutions would be for us to pass the six bills  that the House has passed and that we passed, which funds 90 percent of  the government. Why should the Department of Agriculture be caught in  the crossfire of a debate over a wall in Texas? Why should park rangers  be caught in that? Why should the Coast Guard be caught in that?   This is having a real effect. Aside from those Federal workers, of  whom there are about 1,000 in Maine on furlough right now, there are  all the contractors that serve these government Agencies. We passed a  bill last night that is going to ensure that the furloughed Federal  employees will eventually be paid. That doesn't say anything about what  they are going to have to do about penalties on late mortgages and  those kinds of things that they can't pay now. But there is no help for  the contractors that are going to lose total income during this period,  and some of them will be threatened with going out of business.   It is not just the 800,000 workers nationwide; it is thousands and  thousands--tens of thousands--of people who depend on those Agencies  for the work that they do, that they provide to the Federal Government.   Let's talk about effects in hometown, Main Street America--in places  all over Maine. In Portland, for example--I will chuckle because it  sounds like ``Oh, this is no big deal''--one of our most growing  industries in Maine is beer. We have over 1,000 people employed in the  craft brewing industry. It has been a growth industry. Yet many of the  brewers are being stymied because they can't ship their beer across  State lines without approval of their labels from the Food and Drug  Administration. That is held up.   We have a merger or an expansion of a brewery in Southern Maine that  is held up because they can't get their permission from the tax and  trade bureau, from the ATF. These are the kinds of things--the services  that should be provided--that aren't occurring. The Portland Press  Herald reported on the breweries.   The Portland Press Herald also reported on a developer who has a  project to develop a real estate project in Maine and can't get an SBA  loan. The SBA is shut down. That is going to hold up the project and  could even cause the deal to fall through.   The Bangor Daily News reports that a family is stuck in the middle;  they have moved out of their house, anticipating a closing on a new  house with an Agriculture Department loan guarantee that is now stuck,  stranded. There is no action, nobody to answer the phone. They are  living out of boxes. They are caught in the middle.   These aren't Federal employees. These are good Maine people who  relied upon the daily activities of the Federal Government occurring,  which ought to be just simple common sense. Yet they are caught without  a place to live.    The Ellsworth American newspaper in Ellsworth, ME, an award-winning  weekly newspaper, reports about a smokehouse that does smoked salmon.  They were getting ready to reopen and hire people. They got people on  staff, and, all of a sudden, they are dead-stopped because the Food and  Drug Administration can't act to approve their licenses.   You can say: OK, this little smokehouse can survive. The family will  find a place to live, but if you multiply these examples by thousands  and millions, you are talking about a really substantial effect on real  people's lives, and there is no excuse for it.   If this were over some major life-or-death policy issue, it would be  somewhat understandable, but this is an eminently negotiable problem.  It is not a crisis but a problem. I don't argue that it is not a  problem and that the southern border doesn't need to be secure--again,  that is where I started--but the question is, How do you do it right?  How do you do it in a way that makes sense to the American taxpayer?   There may be places where we need a wall, but the wall is $200  million a mile. There may be ways to do it for a fraction of that and  provide equal security. There also are ways--for example, with better  screening devices at the ports of entry--to deal with drugs.   By the way, all of the data from the DEA, the current  administration's Drug Enforcement Agency, is that the principal source  of drugs coming across the southern border is at ports of entry, hidden  in cars, hidden in trucks, not over, through, and around some place in  the middle of the desert. That is where the drugs are coming through.  That is where we ought to be concentrating. That is where we ought to  be putting the technology--more dogs, more technology that can detect  this type of thing, not building a wall that doesn't address the  current problem. It is a solution, but it is going after the wrong  problem.   These are real-life impacts. It doesn't need to be this way. If this  were a project being proposed by the military--a new BOQ at Fort  Benning--it would come to this Congress. It would go to the  authorization committee. The plans would go to the Appropriations  Committee. We would review it, question the sponsors, determine if it  were an appropriate expenditure of public funds, and either approve it  or deny it or suggest some alteration. This wall has never gone through  that process. We are basically abdicating to the administration a major  decision, particularly about public expenditure, without meeting our  responsibilities.   One really simple way to get out of this would be for us to vote by  two-thirds to pass the budget that we voted on 98 to 2 several weeks  ago. It has $1.6 billion in it for border security, by the way. We  could pass that and then sit down and talk with the administration  about just what it is that they want and what is reasonable and how do  we do it in a sensible way, and then we can get this thing done.   What worries me is the posture that the Senate is in today is adding  a provision that isn't in the Constitution. The Constitution says that  the President can veto a bill. What we are saying here, now, through  our inability or unwillingness to bring a bill to the floor is that the  President can stop a bill simply by saying he doesn't like it. That is  not what the Constitution says. It doesn't say that the President has  the right to stop a bill he doesn't like. It says that he has to veto  it. If he is going to veto it, fine. Then we can discuss it, debate it,  and determine whether that is an appropriate veto. But by avoiding the  responsibility of considering this legislation, we are essentially  handing the President a massive power that I don't believe Presidents  should have.   This is an important issue. It is one that should be considered. It  is one that should be debated. I would like to see the administration  given the opportunity to make its case for the specifics, not the case  generally about criminals or drugs--many of those claims have been  refuted--but a specific case: Here is what we want to do; here is the  effect of it; here is what it will cost; and here is why this is the  best solution, as opposed to other solutions, like a fence or more  Border Patrol agents or more technology or drones or sensors or  whatever. We are not being given that opportunity.   I am perfectly willing to debate that in good faith. I don't dismiss  out of hand that a wall may make sense in certain areas, but I am not  prepared to give this administration a blank check for some  construction project when I don't know what it is they want to build.   I am also very reluctant to concede anything in the context of a  hostage situation where the U.S. Government is being held hostage  because of a project that the President wants to build. If we do this,  this will become the go-to tactic for this administration and probably  for future administrations. We will have established a precedent that  will haunt this institution for years to come. That is one of the  reasons I think it is just imperative that we not cave in to this kind  of attempted intimidation and express our good-faith willingness to  look at, work on, and try to establish the right role for all parts of  border security, not put all of our chips in one area that I believe  will be both ineffective--not cost-effective--and damaging to our other  efforts to actually secure the border and protect the American people.   I yield the floor.    Would the Senator yield for just a short comment?    I can't leave the floor without complimenting the Senator  from Alaska for her usual thoughtful analysis and constructive approach  to dealing with this issue. I am proud to serve with the Senator on the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee. She has brought the same wisdom  to the floor today that she does to the work of our committee. I simply  wanted to acknowledge that and thank her for her comments.   