 Mr. President, we are a proud nation of immigrants and  have benefited from the diversity of ideas and cultures that have come  from around the world to experience the freedoms that we enjoy in the  United States of America.   September 15 through October 15 is Hispanic Heritage Month and a time  to especially celebrate the traditions and contributions of the tens of  millions of Hispanic and Latino Americans across our country.   Texas is home to more than 11 million Hispanic Americans. Some have  lived here for generations, and others have contributed to the recent  rapid growth of the Lone Star State.   Throughout our State's history, we have benefited from the leadership  of people like Dr. Hector Garcia, a surgeon, a decorated World War II  veteran, and a civil rights advocate. He founded the American GI Forum  to ensure that veterans receive equal benefits and care regardless of  their race or ethnicity. He was an ardent advocate for equal  educational opportunities, and his motto was ``Education is our  freedom, and freedom should be everybody's business.''   Dr. Garcia became the first Mexican American to serve as the  Ambassador to the United Nations, representing our country on the world  stage. President Ronald Reagan later bestowed upon him the Presidential  Medal of Freedom. His legacy is a reminder of what a single person can  accomplish in the face of adversity, if only they have the courage to  fight for what is right.   Today, Texas is proud to have incredible Hispanic-American leaders  across our State, including Ruth Hughs, who last month was sworn in as  our secretary of state, and people like Justice Eva Guzman, who is the  first Hispanic woman to serve on the Texas Supreme Court.   There are incredible organizations, such as the Hispanic chambers of  commerce, that advocate for Hispanic-owned small businesses that are  vital to our economy. There is also the League of United Latin American  Citizens--or, as we know it, LULAC--that fights to improve  opportunities for Hispanic Americans, particularly when it comes to  education.    Hispanic leaders can be found in city halls, board rooms, and  communities throughout our State and are improving our State in big  ways and small ones as well.   I have the honor of representing 28 million Texans--and it is growing  by about 1,000 people a day, but nearly 40 percent of them identify as  Hispanic.   When Texans come to Washington, they have the opportunity to visit  the museums that hold some of the most important stories and artifacts  from our Nation's history. In recent years, we have made two very  important additions to the Smithsonian Institution with the National  Museum of the American Indian and the National Museum of African  American History and  [[Page S5716]]  Culture. But it is time for another addition.   Earlier this year, I introduced the National Museum of the American  Latino Act, which would authorize the Smithsonian Institution to create  a museum honoring America's Latinos. This has been a work in progress  since 2003, when a bill was introduced to study the creation of a  museum. The process took a step forward in 2008, when a Commission was  established to study the viability of such a museum and, again, when  that Commission released a report detailing the feasibility of the  project.   This legislation will take the work that has been done up to this  point and finally put into motion the process of establishing a Latino  museum. As of this week, we have 200 cosponsors on the House companion  legislation and nearly 20 bipartisan cosponsors here in the Senate.  Bicameral, bipartisan support demonstrates that the time has come to  turn the dream of this museum into a reality.   Hispanic Americans have made innumerable contributions to our  country, and these stories deserve a brick and mortar home here in  Washington, DC, in our Nation's Capital.   Our State and our Nation are stronger, smarter, and more inclusive  because of the contributions of generations of Hispanic Americans. So I  am glad to spend this month reflecting on the work they have done and  celebrating the heritage that is uniquely woven into the fabric of the  United States of America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   