 Madam Speaker, it's been 30 years since the  Chinese government brutally crushed the peaceful demonstrations  occurring in Beijing Tiananmen Square.   The beating, the bayonetting, the torture, and detentions of the 1989  demonstrators turned the dream of freedom into a bloody nightmare.   ``Tiananmen'' will always symbolize the brutal lengths China's  Communist Party will go to remain in power. When the tanks rolled down  the Square on June 4th, 1989--mothers lost sons, fathers lost  daughters, and China lost an idealistic generation of future leaders.   The resolution before us, H. Res. 393, honors the extraordinary  sacrifice endured by thousands of peaceful Chinese democracy activists  who rallied for almost two months in Beijing and in over 400 other  cities in China, in a heroic quest for liberty and human rights.   The government of China continues to go to astounding lengths to  censor and ban open discussion of Tiananmen. This resolution sends the  right message: we will never forget Tiananmen as long as the Chinese  people cannot discuss its significance openly without harassment or  arrest.   Some may prefer to forget this incident. To move on and look past the  slaughter of peaceful demonstrators. But the memory of the dead and  those arrested, tortured, and exiled requires us to honor them, respect  their noble aspirations for fundamental freedoms, and recommit  ourselves to the struggle for freedom and human rights in China.   It is both the right thing to do and critical to the future of U.S.- China relations.   One of the most enduring symbols of the Tiananmen demonstrations was  the unveiling of the goddess of liberty statue. It was a moment that  thrilled freedom-seekers around the globe. Here was this enduring  symbol of freedom juxtaposed against portrait of the despot Mao Zedong.   This moment was extraordinary because it showed that when the Chinese  people are able to speak publicly and freely--they ask for greater  freedoms, democracy, and justice. These are universal liberties that  can be found in demonstrations for liberty worldwide--we see it in  Cairo and Caracas, Burma and Hong Kong, Tbilisi and Kiev.   There was a moment when we all believed the Tiananmen Square  demonstrations would be a triumph of freedom and democracy. Later in  1989, the Warsaw Pact nations started to crumble and eventually the  former Soviet Union fell as well. But the Communist leaders of China  hung on to power through force and eventually through the help of  Western governments and global corporations.   For the past 30 years, the Tiananmen demonstrations have shaped the  way the Chinese government deals with dissent. Despite the country's  stunning economic growth, Beijing's leaders remain terrified of their  own people. China's ruling Communist Party would rather stifle,  imprison, or even kill its own people than defer to their demands for  freedom and rights.   There is a direct connection between the impunity and violence used  to silence Tiananmen demonstrations and deny justice to the victims of  the Tiananmen massacre and the impunity and violence employed now to  support the internment of over a million Uyghurs and other Turkic  Muslims in what only can be called concentration camps.   The egregious human rights abuses occurring in Xinjiang Uyghur  Autonomous Region must end--no one can remain silent in the face of  such barbarity and crimes against humanity.   But China is also the torture capital of the world, the world's  largest jailer of journalists, with the globe's worst record on human  trafficking and religious freedom. Human rights lawyers, Tibetans,  ethnic minority groups, labor organizers, and free speech advocates all  face repression and harassment when they peacefully seek universally  recognized rights.   Xi Jinping talks about the ``China Dream''--but that dream is  nightmare for millions upon millions upon millions of the Chinese  people.   Nevertheless, repression has not dimmed the desires of the Chinese  people for freedom and reform. There is an inspiring drive in China to  keep fighting for freedom under very difficult and dangerous  conditions.   This drive is the most important asset in promoting human rights and  democratization in China. If democratic change comes to China, it will  come from within, not because of outside pressure--though outside  pressure continues to be critically needed.   U.S. policy, in both the short and long-term, must be, and be seen to  be, supportive of advocates for peaceful change; it must support the  champions of liberty, and help nurture a vibrant civil society that  seeks to promote rights and freedoms for everyone in China. And, we  must fight to end China's pervasive internet censorship and mass  surveillance--so the Chinese people can finally learn about Tiananmen  and the truth about their own government.   Our strategic and moral interests coincide when we seek to promote  human rights and democratic openness in China. A more democratic China,  one that respects human rights, and is governed by the rule of law, is  more likely to be a productive and peaceful partner rather than  strategic and hostile competitor.   I believe that someday China will be free. Someday, the people of  China will be able to enjoy all of their God-given rights. And a nation  of free Chinese men and women will honor, applaud, and celebrate the  heroes of Tiananmen Square and all those who sacrificed so much, and so  long, for freedom.   I support H. Res. 393 and the message that it sends. I hope it will  re-inspire, re-energize, and reprioritize a struggle for human rights  and freedom in China.   