 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today, the House  will vote on the Pallone-Thune TRACED Act. This legislation resulted  from diligent bicameral negotiations over many months, and I am glad  that we have come to this agreement.   This bill addresses a problem that we all have firsthand experience  with: persistent, annoying, nonstop robocalls. Americans received  nearly 48 billion robocalls last year, a 60 percent increase from the  year before. That number is expected to increase to 60 billion this  year.   My hometown of Pittsburgh has already received 387 million robocalls  this year. That is up from 189 million in 2017. On average, everyone in  America received 15 robocalls in the month of November alone.   This legislation before the House is bipartisan and bicameral, and I  believe it will help seriously reduce the onslaught of illegal  robocalls Americans face. The bill before the House today is the result  of bipartisan negotiations, which included industry and public interest  stakeholders.   The original House bill was reported unanimously out of the  Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, which I chair, as well  as out of our full Committee on Energy and Commerce. It was approved by  the full House with overwhelming support.   I am also pleased that the language from the STOP Robocalls Act,  which Ranking Member Latta and I introduced, was included in this bill.  These provisions allow phone carriers to enable robocall blocking  services by default on phone lines automatically. While these  technologies have been available on an opt-in basis, too many seniors  and, frankly, too many people in general just don't know about these  services or how to sign up for them.   Allowing these services to be enabled by default allows all consumers  to benefit from these technologies without having to go through an  onerous signup process, especially seniors and those most vulnerable to  scam calls. These provisions also include requirements that new opt-out  robocall blocking services do not result in new consumer fees.   Finally, this bill requires all carriers to adopt call authentication  technology that would enable people to be certain that the number they  see on their caller ID is really the number that it is coming from. All  too often, folks get calls that look like they are coming from down the  street when they are really coming from scammers half a world away.  [[Page H9241]]    The legislation came about through the hard work of the majority  staff and the minority staff of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.  In particular, I thank Jerry Leverich, Phil Murphy, Dan Miller, AJ  Brown, Parul Desai, and Alex Hoehn-Saric on the majority staff, and  Kate O'Connor, Evan Viau, and Rachel Rathore on the minority staff for  their hard work and diligence to get this bill to the floor.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill. This is another example of  the House passing bipartisan legislation, sending over 200 such bills  this session to the Senate. Hopefully, our colleagues in the Senate  will act on this bill and give the relief that our constituents deserve  from these unwanted robocalls.   