 Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word as the  designee of the chairman of the subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment,  and I thank Mr. Connolly, who is a leader on issues of effective  government. He served as the head of government, as a matter of fact,  in Fairfax County, and is one of our experts in this area.   I want to say to my friend, Mr. Graves, the issue here for me is not  that we don't need to make OPM more efficient. I agree with his  premise. We do need to do that.   But the reorganization that is suggested in merging the Office of  Personnel Management with the General Services Administration is, in my  opinion, very bad logic. The General Services Administration deals with  real property, with inanimate objects; OPM deals with human resources.  There is no match between those two.   Making OPM an effective, efficient organization is an objective that  we ought to all share. And I know that Mr. Connolly shares that  objective, and I know that Mr. Connolly, Mr. Graves, and Mr. Quigley,  working together, could certainly effect that end, which I would  support. But I do not support what I perceive to be a retaliatory  suggestion about laying off people at OPM. In other words, if we can't  merge it, we are going to lay them off.   Frankly, if there is evidence that there are too many people and  enough people to do the job that is being done and that we can transfer  people to other agencies that might need them, that is one thing, but I  don't think that is the evidence that we see. And, clearly, there will  be sufficient funds in the budget that Mr. Quigley has offered to make  sure that we have an efficient, effective Office of Personnel  Management.   Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, my perception is that there is a  hostility, frankly, toward the Federal workforce in this  administration. I think that is unfortunate.   Whether you think government ought to be small or large, you ought to  agree on the fact that, whatever size it is, we ought to have an  effective human resource agency so that the morale of our employees and  the competency of our employees, the work ethic of our employees, the  benefits administration for our employees is all done in an effective,  efficient manner.   So I would hope that we would make sure that we don't get into this  retaliatory political response rather than a substantive response. I  think that is what Mr. Connolly's amendment is about.   I thank Mr. Graves for his comments, but I would urge my colleagues  to vote ``yes'' on the Connolly amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   