 Mr. Speaker. I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2196,  which would amend the credit hour requirement for the Edith Nourse  Rogers Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math Scholarship program  and the Forever GI Bill, named after Congresswoman Edith Nourse Rogers,  who served 18 consecutive terms in Congress and was a tireless advocate  for veterans throughout the 21st century. This legislation follows the  spirit of this pioneering Congresswoman and ensures that our veterans  are able to access the benefits that they have earned.   The Rogers STEM Scholarship provides up to 9 months of additional  [[Page H5047]]  Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits to qualifying veterans and Fry Scholars  seeking an undergraduate STEM degree or who have earned a STEM degree  and are seeking a teaching certification.   Our bill makes a necessary and timely change to the eligibility  requirement for the Rogers STEM Scholarship program from 128 required  credit hours to a much more common 120 credit-hour requirement.   After passage of the Forever GI Bill, the VA discovered that there  were only three States where the average STEM degree exceeds 128  required credit hours, meaning that the vast majority of veterans would  be unable to access this benefit.   This scholarship is set to launch August 1, as was recently said, of  this year, and it is incumbent on Congress to make this fix before then  to ensure that more student veterans pursuing STEM degrees are able to  utilize the additional funding Congress provided for them in the  Forever GI Bill.   I would like to thank my colleague, Congressman Levin, for his  support in introducing this bill, as well as Ranking Member Roe and  Representative Radewagen for their cosponsorship as well.   This is a win-win. There is a labor supply shortage, especially in  critical STEM fields, and so employers need STEM-educated workers. At  the same time, there is no better group of people than veterans who  know teamwork, who know about putting a cause greater than themselves,  and who, in many cases, have skills that are particularly adaptive to  the STEM fields where this is a win for them, as well, in their  movement to civilian life.   I am proud to see this legislation pass by voice vote in our  committee, and I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation to ensure we are setting up our veterans for success and  job security after their service to our Nation.   