 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, first of all, let me recognize the chair  of the committee, my friend from California, for her steadfast work to  defend American consumers.   Madam Chair, students are in a difficult situation nowadays in the  knowledge-based economy, where we are told over and over again that  America, to be competitive, has to have an educated workforce, and we  need more and more young people to go into college and then to graduate  school; not to say that we don't have needs for people to get out of  high school and go into career tech.   But these generations are burdened with unbelievable student loans,  and they are also burdened with, in urban areas, high housing costs and  also lower wage expectations. We have to fix this; and one way to fix  it is to have more oversight and performance standards for those  companies, those for-profit companies, in particular, that control 93  percent of the market of Federal student loans.   Madam Chair, 44 million Americans hold an estimated $1.5 trillion in  student debt. Over 1 million borrowers defaulted on their student loans  last year.   Default is a financially devastating event that affects the  individuals many times for the rest of their lives, as it affects their  credit standing and also their ability to get a house, and to get a  good job. Default is a financially-devastating event, as I said.   In the past decade, the Federal Government created several repayment  plans designed to assist borrowers in financial distress, but the  default rate remains stubbornly high.   One major reason is the student loan servicing industry. These for- profit companies operate with little oversight nor accountability.   Evidence shows that servicers often provide inaccurate information  and inadequate customer service, making the already complicated process  of enrolling in the correct repayment plan close to impossible.   My amendment would simply require the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau to collect and publish data from student loan servicers,  providing a first-ever look at how these companies perform at serving  American consumers. That is important.   These are basic performance standards that I would think all of my  colleagues across the aisle would want in any business practice-- particularly for-profit companies--they would want performance  standards for them, if they are publicly-traded they would want them  for the shareholders and, most importantly, for American consumers and  students.   For example, this amendment would show if student loan servicers are  making it easy for their customers to recertify their incomes for their  repayment plans. We know that this is a common roadblock to successful  repayment.   This amendment would simply require the CFPB to fulfill their  statutory duty and provide needed oversight and transparency of this  important industry. Everybody should agree that more information, in  this instance in particular, is in everyone's interest and everyone's  interest in the future of this country and future generations.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, just briefly, while I respect some of  the issues brought up by my colleague, I do think, if the data is  already there and they are supplying it for the Department of  Education, we should make it relatively easy for the Consumer  Protection Bureau to get that same information and, if needed,  get more.    As a former business owner, these are the kind of performance  standards I would not be afraid to show to my clients; and I would  think that Congress and the American people, considering the importance  of this investment, at a minimum, would require these kind of  performance standards.   So I would hope that Members on both sides of the aisle would support  the effort in a spirit of transparency, and performance standards for  privately-held companies.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   