 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Oregon for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3409. I am glad  to have worked with Chairman DeFazio to integrate major provisions from  legislation I authored to drive long overdue reforms at the Coast Guard  Academy.   Our armed services should reflect the diverse fabric of this Nation.  Unfortunately, the Coast Guard Academy has struggled to attract and  retain a diverse student body and faculty. The absence of diverse  voices at the Coast Guard Academy has contributed to what many  acknowledge as a hostile  [[Page H7286]]  environment for cadets and faculty with diverse backgrounds punctuated  by hateful incidents. I have engaged with the Commandant regarding  conditions at the academy and, to his credit, he is open to change. To  that end, H.R. 3409 directs the Commandant to secure the services of  outside experts to carry out an independent, top-to-bottom review of  conditions at the academy with an eye to issuing recommendations to  foster a more inclusive and supportive environment.    Additionally, the independent body would be directed to assess the  academy's admissions processes and consider the potential benefits of  congressional nominations to increase diversity. The true test for the  Coast Guard will come when recommendations are issued. At that point it  will be clear if, as an organization, the Coast Guard is willing to  abandon its historically insular ways and embrace real reform.   Other noteworthy provisions of my legislation that are reflected here  include requiring a Coast Guard strategy to increase the representation  of cadets, faculty, and staff from diverse backgrounds, and authorizing  both the Academy Minority Outreach Team Program and the College Student  Pre-Commissioning Initiative.   I am pleased that the bill also includes language authored by  Congressman Richmond to enhance the Coast Guard's capacity to combat  and defend against cyber threats.   Before I close, I would like to thank Chairman DeFazio, Chairman  Cummings and their staffs, particularly Dave Jansen on the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee staff, for partnering with  me and my staff to put the academy on a positive trajectory.   