 Mr. President, I ask that the order for the quorum call be  rescinded.    Mr. President, earlier this week, the Senate debated a  disaster relief funding bill that would have provided $13\1/2\ billion  in assistance to States and territories that have been touched by  recent hurricanes, wildfires, and other natural disasters. I share my  colleagues' commitment to provide necessary assistance to get affected  Americans back on their feet.   As chairman of the Budget Committee, I believe we should always  consider the budgetary effects of any legislation pending before this  body. Supplemental appropriations bills highlight a real challenge in  controlling Federal spending. How should we budget for inevitable  natural disasters and emergencies?   Answering this question is important because the Federal Government  continues to spend more money than it takes in and will soon confront  annual deficits exceeding $1 trillion a year. These surging deficits  add to our rising debt, which stands today at $22 trillion, or more  than $65,000 per person. That is regardless of age--the baby who was  born this morning owes $65,000. By 2029, if nothing is done, the  national debt will grow to more than $33 trillion, or more than $94,000  per person.   Adding urgency to this situation is the surge in autopilot spending,  which now represents more than two-thirds of what the Federal  Government spends each year. Two-thirds of what we spend is not  actually voted on; it happens automatically.   As our population ages, rising healthcare and interest costs will  compound our fiscal problems. In 10 years, nearly 80 cents of every  dollar the government spends will be on mandatory programs and interest  on the debt. We need to do everything we can to improve our fiscal  situation, and that includes improving the way we provide disaster  relief.   Some of my colleagues may not realize that since the passage of the  Budget Control Act in 2011, Congress has spent $250 billion outside of  the discretionary caps responding to natural disasters and other  emergencies.   This spending has received special designations under the law that  exempt it from discretionary spending limits, but such spending still  has the very real effect of further increasing the Federal budget  deficit--and the Federal debt. One designation that is often used is  the ``emergency'' designation, which implies it is for something  Congress did not anticipate. But as we all know, natural disasters  happen on an annual basis, and in recent years we have had multiple  natural disasters in a fiscal year.   I want to applaud my friend from Utah, Senator Romney, for offering  an amendment that recognizes the challenge of budgeting for disasters  and emergencies. Disaster relief funding must be built into our base  budgets, which is why I have incorporated these costs in recent budget  resolutions, including the one that passed through our Budget Committee  last week.   While there is no silver bullet to this problem, I am willing and  eager to work with any of my colleagues who believe there is a better  way to anticipate these costs.   The Senate Budget Committee recently held a hearing that partially  touched on ideas to better budget for disaster funding. One option is  to offset emergency spending increases with spending reductions in  other areas. Another option could require a dedicated fund for  emergencies, similar to how some States budget for these events. I have  also considered whether a new actuarially sound insurance program could  appropriately assess the risk for such disasters while maintaining  affordable premiums. Budgeting for emergencies and disasters is not a  precise science, but I believe Congress can do a lot better than just  calling an emergency and adding to the debt.   While we work to more honestly budget for these annual costs, there  are  [[Page S2261]]  other ways we can lower the costs of natural disasters. The Federal  Emergency Management Agency has found that every $1 spent mitigating  against natural disasters saves an average of $6. Last year, Congress  passed the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, which I was proud to support.  This bill included programs that encouraged mitigation activities.  Congress should be open to any idea that could help our country better  plan for annual costs of these natural disasters. This would allow us  to respond to natural disasters more efficiently, while also reducing  the burden on American taxpayers.   With our country more than $22 trillion in debt and quickly  approaching $1 trillion annual deficits, we must do everything in our  power to put our country on a more fiscally sustainable path. Better  budgeting for natural disasters will not fix all of our financial  problems, but it is a good place to start.   Before I conclude, I want to touch on another area of concern, and  that is the growing prevalence of directed scorekeeping. That is a way  of saying: We are not going to count that, even though we are going to  spend it, and we can spend it more than once.   Congressional budget statutes have established scoring rules that are  intended to provide standardized accounting to ensure that lawmakers  have the best possible information upon which to base fiscal decisions.  In recent years, however, we have seen more and more attempts to  undermine that process and instead direct the scoring outcomes.   Last week, the Senate Budget Committee, which I chair, approved a  fiscal year 2020 budget resolution that aims to crack down on this  process by allowing a surgical point of order to be raised against any  such provision. What that means is that the offending provision can be  stricken from the underlying measure unless 60 Senators vote to retain  it.   Unfortunately, the disaster bill which was brought to the floor this  week included a provision that would essentially direct the  appropriations from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, up to a limit,  to be scored as costing zero dollars. The effect of this change would  allow Congress to spend an additional $2 billion above the statutory  spending caps each year, while obscuring the real budgetary impacts  from the American people. I filed an amendment that would solve that.   It is long past time for an honest conversation about the fiscal  challenges facing our country. In the Budget Committee, we tried to  advance that conversation with the budget that was approved last week.  Unfortunately, the directed scorekeeping provision in the disaster bill  considered earlier this week would set that effort back. I hope that  when Congress returns to consideration of disaster legislation, it  abandons that multiple-spending effort.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   