 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment would prohibit funds for  enforcing the Obama administration EPA methane rule. The rule is  currently facing litigation and uncertainty, and Congress must act to  block this job-killing regulation estimating that it will cost the  economy roughly $530 million annually.   While oil and gas production has increased over 25 percent since  2005, related methane gas emissions have actually decreased over 40  percent during the same period, meaning the industry is doing a good  job of regulating themselves.   It is counterproductive for the Federal Government to enact harmful  regulations that cause inefficiencies and recklessly spending taxpayer  dollars enforcing hardships on true job creators.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Madam Chair, in closing, during the conversation that was  taking place just a second ago, a comment was made that said it  actually saves the industry money. I got have got to step back and  think, how is that possible? Because if it was saving the industry  money they wouldn't oppose it.   If it is saving money, who would oppose it?   I haven't met a regulation ever from a small business owner--which is  the only reason why I am here, because of the job-killing regulations  that come out of this place constantly--that has ever saved me any  money.   What we are talking about are real jobs that affect real people's  lives.   This Congress always talks about job creation and creating job  packages. We want to brag about how many jobs we have created. This  body doesn't create jobs. We are supposed to create an environment in  which job creators can create a job, and we are saying this one will  kill jobs.   So why would we support this?   It doesn't make any sense to me.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment would prohibit funds from  implementing the social cost of carbon rule.   The Obama administration continuously used social cost of carbon  models which can be easily manipulated in order to attempt to justify,  once again, new job-killing regulations.   I offered this same amendment yesterday, and, unfortunately, it  failed. Until then, the House had a clear, strong record of opposition  to the social cost of carbon, voting at least 12 times to block,  defund, or oppose the proposal.   We want clean air; we want clean water; and we take care of the land  we live on. Using subjective standards to create job-killing  regulations is not the way to accomplish this goal.   The social cost of carbon rule is nothing more than more burdensome  red tape for the American people.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Chair, while I respect the gentlewoman's opinion--and  this is one of those things where we agree to disagree--I do have to  say one thing.   She said the science in measuring the social cost of carbon has  proven true. Actually, that is not true. The science isn't there. We  actually don't have a good method to measure the social cost of carbon.   That is why the whole issue is that it can easily be manipulated to  fit whatever model they choose, which means that they can pick and  choose what type of energy we are able to produce and how we produce  it, meaning that they can choose, not the consumer, to say: We no  longer want to have fossil fuels as a choice; we only want renewables.   If we are going to be an all-of-the-above country and we are going to  embrace industry and entrepreneurs, then we have got to embrace all of  the above. If consumers don't want that, if certain States don't want  to buy fossil fuel energy, then they can choose not to do so.   In Oklahoma, we are all of the above. Not only are we a leader in  producing fossil fuels, but we are also the third largest in producing  renewables. We believe all of the above.   Our neighbor in Texas, while they are a leader in producing oil, they  are the number one in renewables.   Isn't it ironic that both are red States?   All we are saying here is let's not manipulate and allow the  government  [[Page H4967]]  to pick and choose. Let the consumer choose.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   