 Madam Speaker, I don't know if you have ever tuned in  the Rules Committee when my chairman and my ranking member up there are  having a conversation. You get a very different look at what goes on in  Congress then, because it is not everybody poking each other with sharp  sticks. It is thoughtful, deliberate public servants who are really  very close to finding a common way forward that is going to make all  Americans proud.   That is my frustration with this resolution today and why I hope my  colleagues will reject it.   My friend from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Rules Committee, is  working very hard to open up the Rules Committee, add more voices,  bring more of a constructive process to the House of Representatives. I  admire him for it. I appreciate his effort, and I support him every  step of the way.   But we are in some bad habits here on the floor of the House, and we  are in the habit of finding ways to make important distinctions instead  of making important agreements.   My friend from Massachusetts said just a few moments ago that not to  do this resolution is to do nothing, and that is a false choice. There  is unanimity on the floor of this House that we must stand up for  Article I, that we must stand up against an overreaching Article II  executive branch, that we must speak with one voice on issues of  international affairs.   Instead of bringing a bill to the floor that would have brought us  together so that we do speak with one voice on behalf of 330 million  Americans, we are bringing a bill to the floor that is going to pass on  a largely party-line vote. We have done that time and time again in  these first 45 days.   We did that with veteran housing last week. We took a bill that  passed unanimously in the last Congress to both provide childcare for  our veterans and pay for that childcare and, instead, this year, we  brought it back where we are going to have to cut some veteran accounts  in order to fund that childcare going forward. It made that motion to  recommit a party-line vote.   We did that with recognition of Federal employees, Madam Speaker,  where we are trying to recognize their service and their sacrifice.  Instead of bringing a bill that we would have agreed on unanimously, we  brought a bill that divided this institution and made us speak with two  voices.   This is another missed opportunity today. My friend from  Massachusetts doesn't have control over this entire institution. He  can't work his will on this entire institution. He is doing what he can  on the House Rules Committee to open up the process and lead to a  better product.   Flawed processes produce flawed products. Divided bills on the floor  of this House do nothing to unify a divided nation.   We have opportunities. There are plenty of things on which we  disagree. When we have things like this on which we agree, I think we  need to work harder, Madam Speaker, to bring ourselves together, put  our divisions behind us, rather than highlight those divisions in the  name of political gain.   This could have been a unifying moment, not just for this Congress,  but for the global political entirety as they see America speak with  one voice to say, when troops are in harm's way, the United States  Congress, not Article II, controls that destiny. I hope we will get to  that point sooner rather than later. We only get so many chances, and  each time we waste one, it becomes harder.   