 Madam Speaker, only in Congress can we fight about  something that I think we all generally agree on.   The bill the House is considering today will reauthorize the Debbie  Smith grant program. I strongly support reauthorization.   But this law has a 15-year history of nearly unanimous support in  Congress under both Republican and Democratic majorities and  Presidents, but more importantly, it has a 15-year history as a  standalone bill.  [[Page H8407]]    So my question is: What changed? When did it become so essential to  become a part of VAWA? And if it is essential to be a part of VAWA,  then why did we pull it out, and why are we voting on it again as a  standalone bill?   On May 16, the Senate continued the bipartisan tradition and they  passed a standalone reauthorization. We sat on that bill for months in  the House.   House Republicans--I know; I was part of it. I was on the floor  arguing for it before the last break, before the September 30  authorization lapsed. We tried twice to get it voted on.   As stated by the founder of the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National  Network, the House is using the Debbie Smith Act as leverage to get the  Senate to pass other things that have nothing to do with DNA testing.   So, finally, today we brought the Debbie Smith Act to the floor, but  even today, it is the wrong bill. The bill we are considering today has  some serious flaws, but, more importantly, it is making changes to the  Senate bill that nobody ever asked for.   Just like the Senate, it extends the program to 2024. However, for  some reason, we have inexplicably omitted accountability provisions  that Congress has required for these grant programs for nearly a  decade.   These accountability measures are important. They include mandating a  report on the effectiveness of the grant program to reduce the backlog  of unanalyzed DNA evidence in sexual assault cases. They require  recommendations to enhance the grant program, and they require the  National Institute of Justice to define goals of the DNA Capacity  Enhancement and Backlog Reduction program and develop performance  measures for each one of these goals. All of these are worthy.    Madam Speaker, I can't think of an issue where  accountability matters more than when we are collecting DNA evidence to  get convictions of violent sexual offenders and to give some semblance  of justice.   I am going to support the bill. I hope we get it back quickly. I hope  we get to some resolution with the Senate. This needs to be done as  quickly as possible.   