 Mr. Speaker, I applaud and give my thanks and gratitude to  the gentleman from Washington for his efforts in leading this today,  and to the Congressional Western Caucus and the members who are  exposing what is really not a Green New Deal, but really is a green  socialist manifesto.   Here is what we need to understand about this. This is so broad and  expansive, as Mr. Newhouse has said, it will, basically, invade every  aspect of every American's life, and it will cost tens of trillions of  dollars to implement.   How will we pay for that? We are going to pay for that with crushing  new taxes on individuals, families, and companies. We are going to  destroy the current foundation of our entire American economy.   There will be more borrowing, not just from the public sector, but  from the private sector. The public sector is in trouble because the  Federal Government just hit $22 trillion of national debt.   The question is, what will the impact of this be on the environment?  It would do little to solve the alleged problem of carbon in the  atmosphere because the United States is no longer the primary source of  carbon emissions.   Between 2005 and 2017, our Nation has reduced CO2  emissions by 862 million tons. Today, the U.S. is responsible for only  15 percent of global CO2 emissions. During roughly the same  period, China increased its emissions by 4 billion tons and India by  1.3 billion tons.   Needless to say, the GND doesn't explain how we would compel other  nations to change their behavior. But domestically, as I have said, we  are going to emasculate our economy. The coal, nuclear, natural gas,  petroleum, and air travel industries will be wiped out, and all of the  industries that support those industries. That means hundreds of  thousands of people will lose their jobs almost instantly.   At the same time, the Green New Deal, or the green socialist  manifesto, is going to guarantee a wage. It is going to guarantee  income for everyone.   As Representative Ryan said, we can't green the economy without the  power of the free market system. He is right. That is the ultimate  point of what I want to say today.   We know that science doesn't support the green socialist manifesto,  but we know something that is really critical to understand. This  proposal, which today is so vast, so encompassing, and so primitive in  its creation, is also so destructive to our economy and multiple  industries, multiple sectors of our economy, that I would say there is  only one way that you can implement such an outlandish and reckless  idea, and that is to use the awesome, overreaching power of government  to not just induce, but to coerce implementation of this faulty idea.   In its scope, breadth, and depth, this plan is authoritarian in  nature. It will require government flexing its muscles to mandate  activities and forbid other actions in every American's life.   We can't afford this plan. This plan will not provide what it says it  is going to do. Moreover, in a free, constitutional Republic, you can  never allow this kind of socialism to be combined with  authoritarianism.   