 Madam President, I come before this body, I come before  all of those in America to explain a little bit of what we had before  the Affordable Care Act and where we are today.   I wasn't here in 2009 when they passed the Affordable Care Act. I was  the Governor of the State of West Virginia, my beautiful State. I can  tell you about the type of healthcare in a rural State--a rural, hard- working  [[Page S4719]]  State--where people have worked hard all their lives. They have been  challenged, but they really have given so much to this great country.  Most of them did not have insurance. A lot of people across America had  some really good insurance, but a lot of working people--hard-working  people or people of less means, poor people--did not have access.   Let me tell you what they used. They used the emergency room--the  highest cost of entry with no preventive care, nothing at all to  maintain health or wellness--but they would go there in an emergency.  That is what most people who didn't have any insurance used.   Let me tell you about the people who basically were working and could  not afford the copays where they worked or weren't afforded insurance  at places where they worked. If they were ill or if they got hurt at  home, working, they would go into work on Monday and make a worker's  comp claim, again, at a very high cost to all of the States.   At the end of the year, and I think this is in most States, they  would come to you--every hospital, every rural clinic would come to  their Governor and their legislature; we would call them DSH payments,  disproportionate share--and say: Governor Manchin, if you don't help me  with $10 million or $12 million--I have given away $20 million in  charity care--we are going to have to close.   We had to scramble around, using taxpayer dollars to keep every rural  clinic and hospital open for the people. People forget about all of  that.   For those who had wonderful access to insurance or were offered  insurance, that was wonderful. We want to make sure they still have  that opportunity.   Guess what. We have a way to fix this. There have been two bills  sitting on Senator McConnell's desk for almost 3 years that would  reduce the cost--what we know is wrong with the bill--the Affordable  Care Act.   Let me tell you what is right with the Affordable Care Act. I wasn't  here in 2009. I would like to have seen changes, but now that I am  here, I know what I had before, which wasn't working, and I know what  we have now can be a lot better.   In a bipartisan way we have tried to fix this. We have tried to find  ways to make sure that people who had good insurance are not going to  be exorbitantly charged out of the market or priced out of the market.  We are doing everything we possibly can.   I am asking everybody, please, for the sake of humanity, if a person  for the first time has ever gotten insurance--and I have told people  this. We gave people the greatest wealth card you could ever get, which  is a health card, but we didn't give them one shred of evidence as far  as information about how to use it--the instructions.   I compare it to this: If you bought a box of Cracker Jacks, you would  get the prize inside, and they would show you how to use that little  prize. We never took the time, but now they want to throw it out. Let's  make an effort to basically teach people how to live a healthier  lifestyle, how to use preventive care, how to have a more productive  and a healthier life. We haven't done any of that.   For the first time, we know, scientifically, if a person is addicted  to drugs--if they are addicted--it is basically a health problem. It is  an illness. An illness needs treatment. For the first time, in a State  that has been inundated with opioid addiction and drug addiction,  people are able to get treatment, get back into a productive lifestyle  and get their lives cleaned up. For the first time they want to take  that away. Out of 1.8 million people who live in my State, there are  800,000 West Virginians who have some form of preexisting condition  because they have worked in the mines and the factories. They were hard  workers. Those people, if you have ever talked to them, if you have  ever talked to rural Americans in any State, you can ask: How are you  doing?   I am OK. I am OK.   How is your health?   Well, I don't want to be a burden to my family.   Let me tell you what they are telling you when they say ``I don't  want to be a burden to my family.'' They are saying: I can't afford  insurance. I don't have insurance. I am not going to break my family  and put them in bankruptcy to try to keep me alive. So whatever the  good Lord has planned for me, I will accept.   That is not who we are as Americans. It is just not who we are. This  is what we are trying to change.   We have 20 attorneys general, Republican attorneys general. These are  people I know. I don't think they are mean-spirited, but to be this  insensitive to the real world and what is going to happen--every  hospital, every clinic, every provider is going to be in jeopardy of  not having a job or being able to provide the services people need.  This thing will come unraveled--unraveled.   We are fighting and hoping and praying that this is not upheld in the  court system. How it has gotten this far I do not know. I can tell you,  reasonable people would not make this type of decision.   When you look at what is going on--let me tell you, in a bipartisan  way, my Republican colleagues have admitted that millions of Americans  will lose their health insurance if the Republican attorneys general  succeed. They have admitted this. It is bipartisan because we all have  the same challenges. Senator Tillis from North Carolina and nine other  Republicans stated that oral arguments in Texas v. United States will  begin September 5, and if a judge rules in favor of the plaintiffs,  protections for patients with preexisting conditions could be  eliminated. We know that.   My good friend Senator Murkowski from Alaska said, in her own words,  that this lawsuit will take away healthcare coverage from people with  preexisting conditions. Senator Murkowski said: ``With the uncertainty  of the outcome in the upcoming Texas v. United States case, this  legislation is needed now more than ever to give Alaskans, and all  Americans, the certainty they need that protections for those with pre- existing conditions will remain intact.''   My Republican colleagues know that if these attorneys general win, it  will devastate households, our economy, and millions and millions of  Americans' health. That is why I have been working with them to fix the  problems of the Affordable Care Act. I introduced the Premium Reduction  Act with my Republican colleague and dear friend Senator Susan Collins  from Maine. It would reduce the cost of health insurance in the  individual market by supporting and expanding State-based health  insurance.   We owe it to every West Virginian with a preexisting condition to fix  our healthcare system.   I would like to introduce you to Aiden Jackson Williams. This is  Aiden Jackson Williams right here. Aiden is a 6-year-old cancer  survivor from West Virginia. At 9 months old, he was diagnosed with an  optic glioma and underwent chemotherapy for 16 months. At 2 years old,  he was in remission. Aiden continues to get MRIs every 3 to 6 months,  and there is a high chance of recurrence of other tumors in his body  due to his condition.   With that said, Aiden doesn't let it bother him. His parents are  proud to say that today Aiden is doing great. He and his twin sister  Reagan both enjoy sports, and he moves around just as well as anybody.  To this day, Aiden is their hero and inspiration.   Kids like Aiden have fought and beat cancer. They shouldn't also have  to fight to keep their health insurance.   What we are saying is that if the ACA goes away, Aiden will not have  the certainty to be able to have health insurance, to have the MRIs to  detect early enough to save his life. That is what we are talking  about.   This is life and death. This is life and death. This is not just a  matter of the ideological differences that we have. We are going to  fight and fight hard, and that is why I am here--for Aiden and all West  Virginians with preexisting conditions. They are trusting us to do the  right thing, along with my colleagues, the Republicans, in a bipartisan  way, to fix what, basically, we have to know and what we do know that  can be fixed with the bill before us, the Affordable Care Act, but not  throw the baby out with the bath water.   I hope that each one of my colleagues will take this seriously and  that they will work with us in a bipartisan way to fix the healthcare  for Americans that is so needed.  [[Page S4720]]    With that, I yield the floor.   