 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Barr for his  leadership, not just for yielding time. This is something that he has  been working on himself, putting a lot of heart, passion, and thought  into.   I thank Congressman   David Scott for his incredible leadership on  this important bipartisan effort. He laid it out so eloquently just  now, the many aspects of not just this issue but the need to fight for  veterans.   There are many people who are here in the gallery, millions of people  at home watching C-SPAN, shocked at  [[Page H5276]]  what they are seeing, as Republicans and Democrats in the House and the  Senate work together to get a bill through committee, through the  Chambers, and to the President's desk to become law. The beneficiaries  will be our Nation's veterans.   I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 1988, the Protecting Affordable  Mortgages for Veterans Act. It provides more than a technical fix. It  is important for recently issued loans refinanced by the Department of  Veterans Affairs to remain eligible for the secondary market.   This fix is essential to prevent a liquidity crisis in the veterans  home loan market and ensure that the brave men and women who have  served our Nation in uniform have access to affordable mortgages.   Through passage of this bill, we can ensure that VA home loans are  not adversely impacted by issues in the veterans mortgage market  created by the unintended consequences of S. 2155.   The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act,  S. 2155, became law in May 2018 and contained some very important  bipartisan reforms to protect veterans from predatory lending and  deceptive marketing. These provisions are essential to protect the VA  home loan market, but unclear timelines laid out in the legislation,  and the way that Ginnie Mae chose to implement the requirements of the  new law, have left an estimated 2,500 or more VA home loans boxed out  of the secondary market.   These mortgages are now considered orphan loans because they are no  longer eligible for Ginnie Mae securitization, even though they met all  Federal requirements and are backed by the VA.   This bill would prevent a government-triggered liquidity crisis in  the VA mortgage market by fixing this problem and restoring eligibility  for these orphaned loans.   Addressing this issue ensures that veteran homeowners or prospective  home buyers who have earned access to the VA home loan program through  their military service aren't hurt by a fluke in S. 2155.   Without this bill, potential damage to the overall VA home loan  market is likely because VA lenders may have to sell or finance these  orphaned mortgages at a loss. This would have a negative impact on the  brave men and women who have served our country and deserve a path to  homeownership in order to achieve the American Dream.   If lenders aren't able to securitize VA home loans through Ginnie  Mae, closing costs and borrowing costs could go up, and opportunities  to borrow or refinance could go down.    Mr. Speaker, veterans have some of the lowest default and foreclosure  rates in the Nation. They have earned access to VA home loans through  their selfless service to our country.   Even one VA home loan negatively impacted by a minor mistake is one  too many when it comes to giving our veterans access to homeownership.  That is why we must pass this bipartisan bill and send it to the  President's desk to become law as soon as possible.   Again, I thank my lead bipartisan cosponsors, Congressmen   David  Scott and   Andy Barr, and   Mike Levin. I thank Chairwoman Waters for  her efforts and Ranking Member McHenry. This was a truly bipartisan  effort from the committee. Everyone came together and worked together  to get to this important point, a huge bipartisan, bicameral win coming  for our Nation's veterans.   I urge adoption of this important bipartisan bill.   