 Mr. President, we had a lot of discussion about the energy  parts of the Green New Deal, but it goes into lots of other areas.  There are many frequently asked questions.   I would say on the energy costs--and President Obama's energy adviser  says you couldn't reach the goal--one thing we need to remember on the  energy costs is that families pay those utility bills.   We just avoided a clean power regulation that in my State would have  doubled the utility bill in 10 or 12 years. During the 3 years or so we  were debating that because the court cases kept saying there really is  no authority to do this, I kept reminding the people I work for, the  next time you write your utility bill, just write out your check one  more time, because if this goes into effect, within a decade, that is  what you will be doing. See what happens when you pay that bill by  writing your check one more time.   Some of the questions on this have been about other things as well.  The fact that we love a challenge--this Green New Deal creates that. It  talks about Medicare for all. At least in the talking points, it talks  about job guarantees for all, a vacation in every job guaranteed by the  government, and I think maybe even a vacation in the government program  if you choose not to work.   There are lots of things here for people to be concerned about. There  are estimates of cost, but even if they were three times the cost, it  would be pretty extraordinary. In fact, $36 trillion would rebuild the  entire Interstate Highway System every year for 100 years. When you are  talking about $93 trillion, $80 trillion is the entire gross domestic  product of the world. These are big numbers. It is a big bill.   Surprisingly, a dozen Senators are supporting this bill. They have  cosponsored the bill. Whether it is the guaranteed jobs number or the  universal healthcare number or the all-renewable electric grid system  number or the guaranteed green housing number that individuals would  have to comply with, this is an amazing step in a different direction.  It is one that the country clearly will not take. It is one that I  believe even the sponsors have some concerns about.   We will have a chance to vote on it here in the next few days or  weeks, and we will see what the American people have to say about it.   I yield my time.   