 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Smith for  unprecedented bipartisanship in bringing this bill to the floor.   This year's NDAA provides the strategic funding we need to maintain a  robust military that can tackle our global challenges, reversing the  President's soft stance on Russia by bolstering the European Deterrence  Initiative with our NATO allies, and collaborating with our allies to  contain North Korea and counter China's expansionist moves throughout  the Indo-Pacific.   It makes greater investments in training, equipping, and providing  for our Armed Forces, funding a 3.1 percent pay raise for  servicemembers, the largest in a decade.   In this year's NDAA, we have the opportunity to increase research  capacity for Historically Black Colleges and Universities. We empower  the Department of Defense to identify the scope of white nationalism,  extremism, and violent misogyny in the military, and we pursue a new  diversity and inclusion strategy within the DOD to ensure minorities  are more fully represented in our officer corps.   We also rise to the challenge set forth before us and reverse some of  the administration's worst policy decisions. We deny the increase of  low-yield nuclear warheads that would lower the threshold for nuclear  war. We prevent the President's use of the military as a piggy bank for  his border wall.   With additional amendments, we will allow transgender Americans to  openly and honorably serve our country in uniform, and we will ensure  that the President cannot put us on the path to war without  congressional approval.   It is clear that we will pass, perhaps, the most progressive and  robust defense authorization in years, and I am proud to support it.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of  Congresswoman Speier's amendment.   As an African American veteran, my service and my background lead me  to believe that all Americans who want to serve and can meet our  military standards should be afforded the opportunity to serve. This  amendment, which codifies the military's existing nondiscrimination  standards for all Americans, would end President Trump's ban on  transgender servicemembers and would realize President Truman's promise  of the equality of treatment and opportunity for all those who serve in  our country's defense that he made when he desegregated the Armed  Forces.   Those who argue against transgender service often say it disrupts  unit cohesion, erodes morale, and reduces effectiveness. These  arguments, regrettably, were used to keep African American, women,  lesbian, and gay members from serving. Transgender servicemembers, we  need their service; we need their skills; we need their experience; we  need their courage; we need their patriotism; and they need our  support.   