 Mr. President, as you know, today, or very shortly, the  Senate is going to be taking up S. 1, called the Strengthen America's  Security in the Middle East Act.   Through the Chair, I would say, S. 1 is being offered by Senator  Marco Rubio, the senior Senator from Florida. He is, as we also know,  whip smart, and Senator Rubio has forgotten more about foreign policy  than I will ever know. I have enormous respect for him, and nothing I  say today is meant to criticize his extraordinary efforts on this bill,  much of which I have supported and will continue to support, but there  is a deficiency in S. 1. We can do better by filling that hole.   Once again, Congress is paying lip service to protecting our allies  in the Middle East. We are calling this bill a protector of our allies  in the Middle East, and in large part it is, with a major exception-- because, once again, the U.S. Senate is leaving behind our friends and  allies, the Kurds.   It is not the first time the Kurds have been left behind. The Kurds  were left behind when the Ottoman Empire collapsed, and they remained a  stateless people. The Kurds were left behind as modern states grew up  around them, in Syria, Iran, Iraq, and Turkey, where they had no  political representation, where the Kurds had no future besides  oppression. The Kurds were left behind again in 2011, when allied  troops pulled out of Iraq, and ISIS was just beginning to emerge. It is  time we break that pattern, once and for all, and the Senate can do it  in Senator Rubio's stellar effort in the form of S. 1.   As I said, S. 1 does some really good things. I thank Senator Rubio.  It will reaffirm our commitment to protecting Israel, certainly our  closest friend in the region, maybe our best friend in the world.  Sometimes I think Israel is our only friend in the world. S. 1 will  strengthen our bond with Jordan, another key ally in fighting terrorism  and the humanitarian catastrophe caused by the Syrian refugee crisis.  It will combat a radical economic warfare campaign against Israel. Let  me say that again because it is important. S. 1 will combat a radical  economic warfare campaign against Israel. I support that  unconditionally. S. 1 will create new sanctions on the Government of  Syria that targets those who have been laundering money to help the  Assad regime.   I support all of those things, but with all the respect I can muster,  I say, gently, it is a lie. It is a lie for anyone to say that S. 1  protects all of our allies in the Middle East because it will not. S. 1  makes no mention of our Kurdish allies at all. I have an amendment  pending--I have offered an amendment, rather, that would fix that.   There are 30 million Kurds in the Middle East. They don't have a  state, they don't have a country to call their own. They are not really  safe anywhere. As a result, the Kurdish people have suffered  tremendously throughout history. They have been subjected to  discrimination, massacres, forced relocation, and countless other human  rights violations.   Saddam Hussein attacked more than 4,000--4,000 Kurdish villages--not  people, Kurdish villages--with poison gas and other chemical weapons  during the Iran-Iraq war. One hundred eighty thousand people died. They  were murdered. Many more were tortured. Even more were imprisoned.  Thousands fled, not that they had anywhere to go.   In the 1990s, Turkish soldiers made a hobby out of burning down  Kurdish villages. Since 1984, more than 40,000 Turkish Kurds have been  killed. They still face oppression today in nearly every country they  inhabit. The Turkish Defense Minister made that clear in December, when  he said that when the time comes, the Kurds ``will be buried in the  ditches they dug. No one should doubt this.'' That is a quote.   Through all this incomprehensible suffering, the Kurds have stood by  America, and we have stood by them through the decades, through thick  and  [[Page S763]]  through thin. The Kurds have been instrumental at every phase of U.S.  engagement in Iraq and Syria, every phase.   Going back to the 2003 invasion, Kurdish fighters have been crucial  boots on the ground in the fight against Islamic tyranny, and that is  just a fact. The parts of Iraq retaken and controlled by the Kurds were  strongholds for Western values like democracy and capitalism and  multiculturalism. In fact, when allied forces withdrew in 2011, not a  single U.S. soldier had lost his or her life in Kurdish territory.   The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces, better known as the SDF,  have been another set of boots on the ground in the fight against ISIS.  With the help of coalition supplies, weapons, and airstrikes, the SDF  recaptured large parts of Northern and Eastern Syria from ISIS's iron  grip.   Four years ago, the Presiding Officer will recall, there were 100,000  ISIS soldiers. Thanks in large part to our Kurdish allies, those  numbers today are 5,000. Today, ISIS has surrendered 99 percent of its  territory, including its capital in Raqqa. The so-called caliphate  fighters are now being held to a small sliver of territory on the  eastern border with Iraq near the Euphrates River. Our Kurdish allies  deserve much of the credit for these successes.   It is plain to see that the Syrian Kurds have been invaluable in  America's fight against jihadists and tyrants in the Middle East. The  SDF, Syrian Kurds, controls nearly one-quarter of Syria right now. That  is land that doesn't belong to ISIS; that is land that doesn't belong  to Assad, a butcher; that is land that doesn't belong to Russia; and  that is land that doesn't belong to Iran. More importantly, it is land  where the Syrian Kurds know they will be free from persecution and from  slaughter.   For a while now, I have been asking my colleagues in the Senate to  support my amendment to S. 1. My amendment would promote stability and  security for our close friends in the Middle East because it is the  right thing to do. It is the moral thing to do, and America's foreign  policy has always had a moral component.   My amendment will allow the United States to defend the Kurds in  Syria by giving the President--not requiring the President to do  anything. It would give the President the authority to use our military  as he deems fit to keep our promise and to protect our allies--and all  of our allies. After all, the Kurds have contributed to the fight  against ISIS, and we owe them some peace of mind as we draw down our  presence in the region. As we draw down our presence in the region, it  is time to stand up and stand by our friends to make sure the fight  stays won.   The threat of U.S. military force has been a major deterrent for the  reemergence of jihadists like ISIS and al-Qaida. As the Presiding  Officer knows well, weakness invites in wolves. Our presence has held  back Assad, it has held back Turkey, it has held back Russia, and it  has held back Iran from gaining stronger footholds in the area. Without  assurances of our support, as we wind down our effort in Syria, the  Kurds will be left behind to fend for themselves. Without the Kurds, we  cannot be certain who will step in to fill the power vacuum in the  areas of Syria they currently control. We can only guess, and the  answers to those guesses don't look good.   If the Kurds are vulnerable to attack from Turkey or Syrian rebels,  they might have to turn to their enemies for protection out of fear.  Even if they don't, they can't fight off the Turkish military if the  Turkish military decides to attack and pursue the remnants of ISIS at  the same time.   To abandon the Kurds now would be unconscionable. To abandon the  Kurds now would compromise the security of our allies, Israel and  Jordan, and it would risk exposing the region to more turmoil.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to think about the Kurds as they  consider how best we can strengthen America's interests and security in  the Middle East. It is time we make sure America keeps the promises we  made to all of our allies--not just some of our allies, all of our  allies--in the Middle East.    Toward that end, I hereby offer a second amendment that  I am sending to the desk. This second-degree amendment will amend  amendment No. 65 proposed by Senator McConnell. I ask that the  amendment be read.    I am.    I hear no objection. May I ask that my amendment be  read?   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Afterward, I would ask that my amendment be read.   Now I would again ask for a quorum call.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to temporarily withdraw my  unanimous consent on my amendment, although I reserve the right to  return.   