 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise, with my mnemonic  notes.   And still I rise, Mr. Speaker. I rise because I love my country. And  because I love my country, I do not rise with any degree of  schadenfreude. I take no pleasure in what this House is about to do. I  am not gleeful.   I rise because I believe that we must do what Dr. King called to our  attention when he said that, on some issues, you must do that which is  neither safe nor politic nor popular. You do it because conscience  tells you it is the right thing to do.   I rise to announce that I believe that we are about to do the right  thing. And I know that we are doing the right thing for a multiplicity  of reasons, one of which is you cannot allow the Chief Executive  Officer to send a letter of absolute, intractable defiance indicating  that there will be no level of cooperation with the lawful  constitutional body that is investigating actions--actions taken by the  President.   You cannot allow this kind of recalcitrance to exist, because, if you  do, there are no guardrails. We cannot allow a President to move  through the land without guardrails. He has to know that there are  boundaries.   So I rise to say, today, that this House is moving in a historic  direction, that, when it is written across the pages of time that this  House took the action that I believe it will take, I think we will all  find that it was the right thing to do.   I rise also to say this: The Constitution allows a President to be  impeached more than once. If we impeach now or at some time in the near  future for one issue that we dearly should, then we find later that the  President has other issues that merit impeachment, we can impeach  again. There is no limit on the number of times.   I don't think you do it needlessly. Every time I have called it to  the attention of this House, there was purpose and reason behind it,  and I believe that we can do it more than once if it becomes necessary.   I think the Senate ought to act. I think the Senate ought to convict.  But if the Senate does not convict, it does not mean that the House is  now hamstrung and cannot move forward again with impeachment.   So I rise with no degree of schadenfreude. I rise with love of  country and heart, and I rise understanding that Dr. King was eminently  correct: There are times when we must do that which is neither safe nor  politic nor popular. We do it because it is the right thing to do.   I rise because I believe we are embarking upon the right course for  this House and for our history.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the  opportunity to speak, and I commend her for her stellar effort to bring  justice to the housing circumstance in our country.   I am honored to say that I did visit her congressional district, and  we had a field hearing that was quite successful. She truly is engaged  and involved in making a difference in her community.   Madam Speaker, I was there in 2008 when we had the housing crisis. I  remember when Secretary Paulson came before the committee. He was there  in need of some funds for what were called toxic assets. He was there  because the market was in a free fall. He was there because there was  an imminent crisis that had to be contained.   I remember him asking for a large sum of money with few pages,  probably less than 5 pages. He wanted us to infuse capital into a  process that would allow us to purchase these toxic assets. He was  indicating to us that this was an emergency. He did not ask for  hundreds of millions of dollars. He did not ask for tens of billions of  dollars. He requested hundreds of billions of dollars.   I do recall that I spoke to constituents, and being the judicious  person that I was, I did pay attention to my constituents who  encouraged me and insisted that I not bail out the big banks. That was  the language that was used: Do not bail out the big banks, Al.   I was judicious. I listened to my constituents. When we took the vote  on the floor to accord the sum of 700-some billions of dollars, I  remember standing over in the door and looking at the vote. I could  also see the stock market at the same time. As the bill was failing,  the stock market was crashing. It was a day that I will never forget. I  went back home, and I visited with my constituents.  [[Page H9287]]    The constituents said to me: Al, what is wrong with you? You did not  vote to save my 401(k). You let the market fall. You could have voted  to support us.   I learned an invaluable lesson that day. The lesson is this: there  are times when you have to do what you know to be the best thing, even  when your constituents might stand in opposition to it. That is the  lesson that I carry with me to this day. I came back. We had a second  vote, and I voted for the funds necessary to deal with the toxic  assets.   One of the reasons why I was so concerned about this was because I  understood what was happening. There were instruments that were in the  marketplace that were not suitable for everyone. We had something  called a 327 and a 228; 3 years, 2 years of a fixed rate, and then 27  years or 28 years of a variable rate. This was not suitable for  everyone. We had no-doc loans, meaning no documents necessary, and you  could walk in and work out some means by which you could acquire a  loan, Madam Speaker. We had negative amortization, a process that  allowed you to at some point continue to owe more than you initially  borrowed.   We had something called the yield spread premium. The yield spread  premium allowed the person who originated your loan to originate a loan  for you for an amount in excess of what you qualified for. Here is how  it worked: That person would check to see what you were eligible for as  a rate. You could qualify for a loan at 5 percent, but at that time  because of the yield spread premium, the person originating could come  out and say, good news, I have a loan for you for 8 percent. You  qualify for 5, you get a loan for 8 percent interest, and the person  would never have to tell you that you qualified for the 5 percent. The  money between 5 and 8 was called the spread, and the yield on that  spread could be shared with the person who originated the loan and the  lender, the yield spread premium.    Poor people, well, people who are of little means who acquired homes  with these 327s and 228s, that I mentioned where the rate would go up  and down, they lost homes. It is said that in the African American  community a generation of wealth was lost--a generation. The community  is still recovering from the 2008 downturn.   I believe that we do have to reconsider how we address housing in  this country. There are some people who are born into poverty. They are  not born into plenty. For those who are not born into poverty, it is  not easy to work your way to plenty. So we have to have housing as a  means by which they can acquire and accumulate wealth.   One of the things that I tried to do--and there are many things that  can be done--is to use something called alternative credit scoring.  This is where you will score a person's light bill, gas bill, water  bill, phone bill, and cable bill and use that information with the  traditional credit to allow that person to have maybe the little  additional help needed so as to acquire a loan. It is a pilot program.  We have passed the bill out of committee. It is H.R. 123.   This piece of legislation will allow many, many persons with thin  files and with little credit, because they haven't been in the credit  market, to get a home. Many people who are paying now X number of  dollars for rent will be able to acquire a home for X minus some  amount, meaning less than what they are paying for rent, they will be  able to acquire a home.   I am pleased to say that many of the prudential agencies are in  agreement and are encouraging this. Just today we had a hearing with  the Housing, Community Development and Insurance Subcommittee, and Mr.  Montgomery, who is the head of FHFA, was there. I will be visiting with  him. He and I agreed to have an appointment so that we can talk about  these things and see what we can do to help with homeownership for  persons who were not born in the suites of life and many who now find  themselves living in the streets of life.   This is something that is an imperative. It is a moral imperative. It  is something that we have to do because we want to have a just society,  and a just society would afford an equal opportunity to all to have a  place to call home. In the richest country in the world, every person  ought to have a fair opportunity to have a place to call home.   I thank the gentlewoman for allowing me to share, and I encourage her  to continue on her mission to bring justice to those who find  themselves living in places that, quite frankly, most people in  Congress would not live in under any circumstances, but, unfortunately,  we are not doing enough to help others to be extricated from the  circumstances of which we speak.   