 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule. This rule  demonstrates, once again, that the Democrat majority refuses to  acknowledge, accept, or address the very real crisis at our southern  border.   Numbers came out yesterday illustrating the magnitude of the crisis.  CBP detained more than 109,000 migrants along the southwest border last  month alone--a 591 percent increase compared with April of 2017.   In just the last 7 months, more than 1 percent of the total  population of Honduras and Guatemala have migrated to the United  States.   In total, over a half a million migrants have crossed our border  since October of last year, approximately the population of Tucson,  Arizona.   Smugglers and cartels continue to preach that now is the time to come  to the U.S. These criminal organizations run an international smuggling  organization filled with misery and abuse.   CBP has already rescued more than 2,000 migrants this fiscal year,  pulling families out of the Rio Grande River and saving children who  smugglers have abandoned.   Migrants that survive the smugglers often arrive in poor health,  physically exhausted, and in need of urgent medical care.   The men and women of CBP are doing the best they can to respond to  this humanitarian crisis, but they have run out of space to safely  house and process unprecedented numbers of family units seeking entry  into the United States.   Health and Human Services is on the urge of running out of funds to  shelter vulnerable, unaccompanied children that are crossing our  borders at levels 50 percent higher than just last year.   Last week, the President sent Congress an urgent request for  supplemental appropriations to address this humanitarian crisis.   Ranking Member Collins and I filed an amendment to the supplemental,  which would have provided $4.5 billion requested by the President.   It would have replenished critical funds needed to feed and shelter  migrant families and unaccompanied children, provide urgent medical  care and transportation services, and pay the growing cost of overtime  for the men and women of DHS working on the front lines of this crisis.   Unfortunately, the majority refused to make our amendment in order,  and in doing so they, again, refused to take action to address this  crisis.   They stunningly refused to support the men and women of DHS, and most  remarkably, they refused to provide the needed assistance to thousands  of vulnerable migrants arriving at our border on a daily basis.   The majority's political dysfunction is disgraceful. I urge them to  work with the President and Republicans in Congress to immediately  resolve this humanitarian crisis.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to oppose this rule.   