 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas  (Ms. Granger), the ranking member.   As the ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on  Appropriations, I know all too well the challenges we are facing on the  border. I have the utmost respect for Chairwoman Roybal-Allard and her  work to address these issues and work with all the members of the  subcommittee.   At the time we crafted the fiscal year 2019 regular appropriations  bill, we could not have predicted the sheer mass of people pouring  across the border this spring and summer. But this fiscal year, Customs  and Border Patrol has already encountered almost 700,000 people. That  is double the amount in all the previous fiscal years, and we still  have 3 months to go.   Further, we are not talking about separating children. We are talking  about children coming to this country without parents who can care for  them. We can't just let kids wander the streets. We need to ensure  that HHS has the space and the capacity to find sponsors or suitable  homes for these kids.    DHS cannot wait another month for funds, and DHS definitely cannot  wait on Health and Human Services to receive more funds. We need a  complete border supplemental bill providing relief and resources for  all agencies working at the border and within the country to work  through the number of migrants coming across the southern border. That  includes Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and that also includes  the Department of Defense.   Further, we need a supplemental bill that does not throw up  roadblocks to implementing the aid we are trying to deliver. Madam  Speaker, I urge the House to, instead, take up a more bipartisan bill  that would also pass the Senate and get signed by the President on  Friday.   Time is of the essence. We need to work with the Senate and the  President to get a bill enacted. Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on  this bill. Let's take up a bill that could deliver the humanitarian aid  by the end of this week.  [[Page H5153]]        