 Mr. President, I want to talk about a very different  topic, and that is the Stanley Cup. Yesterday at the White House, the  St. Louis Blues were warmly welcomed by the President in a ceremony  celebrating their Stanley Cup victory. On June 12, the Blues made  history when they defeated the Boston Bruins in game 7 of the Stanley  Cup Final.   It was hard to imagine at the beginning of this season that the Blues  could have done this. They were the lowest ranked team in the National  Hockey League. I think there was a time in the month of January when  the odds that the Blues would win the Stanley Cup were 150 to 1. I am  not particularly a betting man, but knowing what I know now, we  wouldn't have had to put much money on that bet to have won a  significant amount of money. As it turned out, however, as you and I  know in what we do here and what we have done in our lives, the odds  are not really what count; what counts is how you play the season. Just  like we often say in politics, candidates matter. In hockey, in sports,  the players matter. How they come together as a team matters. Whether  or not that team really becomes a team matters, and this one did.   It was a season for the Blues that was filled with record-breaking  achievements. Jordan Binnington became the first and only rookie goalie  to win 16 games in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Ryan O'Reilly set a  franchise record with 23 points in the playoffs and was named the  postseason most valuable player. Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final was  the most watched NHL game in 36 years.   For the first time in franchise history, the Blues brought the  Stanley Cup trophy to Missouri to celebrate their achievement as the  best sports fans in Missouri stepped out. Five hundred thousand people  were there when the Stanley Cup parade was in St. Louis for the first  time. Five hundred thousand people--in several States represented on  the floor, that would be everybody in the State. Five hundred thousand  is a pretty big crowd anywhere, as it was in St. Louis that day.   Today, the Stanley Cup trophy will be on display on Capitol Hill so  that Blues fans in the area can get a chance to see this legendary  trophy in person. The Stanley Cup has already traveled all over the  world since the Blues won the Stanley Cup. Ryan O'Reilly brought the  Cup to Ontario to share it with his 99-year-old grandmother, who is  probably one of the oldest people to see the Stanley Cup. But for sure  the youngest baby to be put in the Stanley Cup--the record was broken  when the trophy was brought to a mother and her newborn child at Mercy  Hospital in St. Louis, the baby barely born, right there in the Stanley  Cup, setting the new Stanley Cup ``youngest baby in the Cup'' record.   We will never forget the image of Laila Anderson. Laila, a young girl  battling a life-threatening disease, in many ways became the No. 1 fan  of the team. Laila, by the way, was at the White House in the Rose  Garden yesterday, and she was called up to stand by the President and  the Stanley Cup, with the team surrounding both of them. The night they  won, she was on the ice with the players celebrating as the Stanley Cup  was passed around at the end of game 7.   The day after the Blues received their championship rings, two  players visited Laila to personally deliver her very own ring. I saw  those rings yesterday, and they are just about as big as Laila's hand.  They were big rings. Her name was inscribed on the diamond-studded  championship ring that was given to her, which also included the words  ``Play Gloria,'' which became the theme song, fight song, inspirational  song for the Blues at the end of the season.   Blues fans have plenty to be excited about this season. The majority  of the names of the players that are now etched on the Stanley Cup are  back this year. The roster is even better with the addition of  defenseman Justin Faulk.   We are also proud to say that St. Louis will host the 2020 NHL All- Star Game in January. That game, of course, brings together the most  talented players in professional hockey. I know St. Louis is ready to  welcome them, and we will all be excited to further solidify St.  Louis's place as one of the great sports cities in America.   It has been a great year for Blues fans, and I hope the team will  once again have the opportunity to visit the White House next year.  This will be the first year of many years where those of us in the  Missouri delegation will get to host the Stanley Cup in the Capitol.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   