 Thank you very much, Mr. President.   Once again, I am very pleased to join my friend the Senator from  Vermont on the floor to press this body to take seriously its  constitutional responsibility and its responsibility to ensure that the  United States doesn't enter into hostilities abroad other than in those  situations that are vitally necessary to protect our national security  interests.   I am so proud to have worked with Senator Sanders, Senator Lee, and  many others here to build a truly bipartisan coalition that is going to  do something that, as Senator Sanders said, is historic.   I have been coming down to the Senate floor for 4 years now raising  concerns about U.S. participation in this civil war. When the United  States first entered into an agreement with the Saudis to help them in  their bombing campaign, very few people could probably locate Yemen on  the map. Today, it is the subject of national conversation. With  passage in the Senate and the House, regardless of what the President  chooses to do, the world now knows that the United States is paying  attention to the world's worst humanitarian disaster--a nightmare  inside Yemen that is taking the lives of tens of thousands of people.   Sometimes humanitarian disasters and famines are caused by natural  events, those that we cannot control--droughts, for instance. This is a  manmade humanitarian catastrophe that the United States has something  to say about, and we are going to say something about it in a matter of  hours.   Let me just say a few things about what will happen if we pass this  resolution and it becomes law and what will not happen if we pass this  resolution and it becomes law. I think Senator Sanders covered this,  and we have covered this enough.  [[Page S1826]]    The first thing that happens is that we uphold the Constitution.   I get it. Declaring war is a lot tougher today than it was 40 years  ago or 100 years ago. It is not as if there are big armies that march  against each other across open fields. Very rarely is there a nice  peace treaty signed to wrap up hostilities. Now we have shadowy and  more diffuse enemies who are harder to define. We have wars that seem  to never end. But that doesn't obviate Congress's responsibility to set  parameters around war. Just because it is harder to declare war today  doesn't mean that we still don't have the responsibility to do it.   Over and over again, we have outsourced the decision on hostilities  to the President, whether it be President Obama or President Trump. In  large part, it is because we just don't want to be in this business any  longer.   There is no doubt that when we are helping Saudi Arabia drop bombs on  churches, on weddings, on cholera treatment facilities, and on some  legitimate military targets, we are engaged in a war, and we should  declare it here. That is the first thing that happens.   The second thing that happens if we pass this resolution and it  becomes law is that we wash our hands of the blood associated with  being a participant in the creation of one the world's worst  humanitarian catastrophes.   Never has the world seen a cholera epidemic as big as this one, at  least in recorded history. There is no secret as to why there is a  cholera epidemic; it is because the Saudis bombed the water treatment  facilities, so the water isn't clean any longer.   Whether or not the United States knew about this or signed off on it,  we don't know, but the fact is, we should not be associated with a  bombing campaign that the U.N. tells us is likely a gross violation of  human rights.   Third, if we pass this resolution and it becomes law, peace becomes  more likely.   We have evidence of why that is because when we passed this  resolution in the Senate at the end of last year, not coincidentally,  within days, a partial ceasefire was announced in Hodeidah. Why is  that? The reason is twofold. One, when the Saudis realize they don't  have a blank check from the United States any longer, they get more  serious about peace. Two, the Houthis, who are the other party to this  conflict and who don't believe that the United States is an honest  broker or that anyone will actually be serious about enforcing  concessions they give, come to the table because they see that the  United States and others that we support as part of the negotiations  will actually be honest brokers and that we are only willing to go so  far with our Saudi partners.   The fourth thing that happens, as Senator Sanders has mentioned, is  that we are able to send a message to Saudi Arabia and specifically to  the Crown Prince that they need to change their behavior if they want  to maintain this relationship.   Some people are going to vote against this because they say it has  nothing to do with Jamal Khashoggi. It does. Jamal Khashoggi's name  isn't in here. The names of the other American residents who are  currently being detained by Saudi Arabia aren't in here. But make no  mistake--Muhammad bin Salman, who ordered this campaign of political  repression--his No. 1 foreign policy priority is the perpetuation of  the war inside Yemen.   Given the violation of trust that has occurred with the United States  over the murder of Jamal Khashoggi and the coverup of it, it stands to  reason that we would rethink our association with other priorities of  the Crown Prince's if he blatantly lied to us about his participation  in the human rights violation that has become the obsession of this  country and the world. The two are connected. This will be seen as a  message to the Saudis that they need to clean up their act.   What will not happen? Casualties will not get worse. The Trump  administration says: Well, if we are not part of the coalition, it just  means we can't stop civilians from being killed.   Well, forgive me, but it doesn't seem like we have been doing too  good of a job thus far if 85,000 children under the age of 5 have died  of starvation and disease and tens of thousands of civilians have been  caught in the crossfire. We can't get into classified information here,  but let's just say there is a limit to what the United States can do as  part of this coalition.   There is no evidence to suggest that casualties will get worse. In  fact, the cover being lifted of U.S. endorsements of this bombing  campaign will make it harder for the Saudis to take chances because  they know they don't have the United States to fall back on.   Second, the Saudis will not go somewhere else. This idea that if we  just say we are not going to participate in this one single war with  you, that the Saudis will all of a sudden break relationships with the  United States and go buy their military equipment from Russia, is  belied by how this alliance has worked for years. The complication of  the Saudis turning around and choosing to go to another partner, if  that is how this works, that the nature of our relationship is one in  which the United States can never ever refuse a request from the Saudis  to participate in one of their military endeavors overseas, then that  is not an alliance. An alliance allows you to tell your partner when  you think they are wrong and choose, unless you have a treaty  obligation of some sort, whether you engage with them.   Lastly, as I mentioned, some people say we will lose our political  leverage; that we will make it harder for negotiations to happen. It is  exactly the opposite, as evidenced by the fact that when we were  debating this resolution last time, as people were telling us that if  we passed it we wouldn't have as much leverage in the negotiations,  successful negotiations were being concluded in Stockholm.   This is a historic moment for the Congress to step up and say that  enough is enough. We are made weaker in the eyes of the world when we  willingly participate in war crimes and when we allow for our partner  to engage in activity that leads to the slaughter of innocents.   Never mind the conduct of a war in which our true enemies, al-Qaida  and ISIS, are getting stronger and stronger by the day. I hope we have  the same bipartisan stamp of approval on this resolution today as we  did last year, and I hope it stands as a new day for the Senate when we  are more willing, on a bipartisan basis, to do our concurrent  responsibility, along with the executive branch, to set the foreign  policy of this Nation.   I yield the floor.   