 Mr. Chair, look, the Minuteman III has been a  great deterrent and a great source of security for this country, but it  is 46 years old. It was put in the ground when I was in college, and I  can't even remember what I was doing in college.   It has already been extended three times.   As Mr. Turner said, the testimony in our committee said that we have  studied this, and the conclusion was more study and more delay was not  cost-effective.   Look at the reality of the situation. If we move into a new system,  we have to have the infrastructure to make that move so the system can  be seamless going from place to place.   If we pause in that reconstruction of infrastructure, what we do is  stop the construction. Then, we have to start up again, which is why  the cost continues to increase.   There are parts of Minuteman III that are no longer being produced in  the private sector, so the engineers at the Air Force logistics centers  have to rejigger from old parts a new part. In fact, the blueprints in  some cases are so old, they are not readable anymore.   We have to move forward. This amendment stops us from modernizing our  efforts. The GBSD has to move forward.   Let's face it: The only reason it is not moving forward right now is  because it doesn't have a cute name like Minuteman III. But it is our  future. If we want something in our future, we cannot tolerate more  delays. This amendment for another study does nothing more than delay  what we can actually come up with, the new generation of what we need  to defend this country.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition for  the process of what we are doing, not necessarily the substance of the  amendment at hand.   Since this bill had first been heard in our committee, there have  been new voices that have been raised by the people of Windsor,  California, which is the town located adjacent to the unincorporated  area of the county in which this land transfer would take place. These  residents have repeatedly contacted our committee asking that their  voices simply be heard.   Now, for whatever the reason was, we asked the committee to have one  more hearing and allow these voices to actually be heard. For whatever  reason, the majority on our committee decided to silence the voices and  just ram this bill through the committee. The reason I and several  others voted against it in committee and on the floor was simply  because of the process that went through here.   This, as has been mentioned, is not necessarily a new amendment. It  is a bill, a bill that has passed this House and is sitting over in the  Senate.   It is certainly my hope that this does not portend a future in which  those who make the agenda of the House consider the fact that the  Democratic House will so incomparably and infrequently work with a  Republican Senate that we now need to take every bill that has been  passed in the House and turn it into another amendment and then attach  it to the next big bill that happens to go through this process.  Certainly, that is not what I think would be the best way going  forward.   Now, the last reason, the process for which I do object, is simply  this bill does not belong on a National Defense Authorization Act.  There is no defense nexus. This is transferring of lands from one area  to Native Americans.   Now, heaven knows, I have had all sorts of land issues and wildlife  issues on the NDAA, but in each one of those there was a nexus to a  training range, a military mission. There is no connection with this  particular bill.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, however one wants to spin whatever  issue is here, had the Democratic majority on the committee scheduled  another hearing to allow those voices to be heard, I wouldn't have  objected then, nor would I have objected right now.   The sad part is this is not necessarily the best of proposals. The  checkerboard pattern that is created by this amendment is something in  other amendments we have tried to do, to consolidate and get rid of  checkerboard patterns and not create checkerboard patterns.   But here is, still, the bottom line: This establishes a precedent-- this is not a precedent. We have done it before. But it establishes the  wrong approach.   The National Defense Authorization Act should be about military stuff  and about the defense of this Nation. This is not even a tangible  concept. This is something that has nothing to do with it. We do have a  partisan Rules Committee that has decided to lure some people with  partisan amendments to be  [[Page H5638]]  put in here, but it has nothing to do with the actual bill.   We are going through a whole lot of amendments and taking a whole lot  of time on the floor. The amendments to the NDAA should have something  to do with the NDAA and not just pulling wandering bills that go all  over the place and deciding to shove it on it just because there is a  vehicle that happens to be going through this body.   That is why I said I am not talking about the substance of the bill-- although there are some questions; I would have had my questions  answered had there been another hearing for the new voices that want to  be heard--but it is the process that we are going through. The process  here is wrong. The process the Rules Committee did was wrong.   We should not be talking about these kinds of issues and taking our  time on these kinds of issues on an NDAA bill. So, as I said, my  opposition is purely on process, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   