 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1582, the Electronic  Message Preservation Act.   The American people, Madam Speaker, as you know, have the right to  know what is going on in their government. Preservation of Federal  records is essential to that right. The Federal Government must  preserve Federal records, regardless of the form or technology used to  create those records in order to remain accountable to the American  people.   Over the last two decades, technology has advanced. Electronic  communication has permeated all parts of the Federal Government. The  Electronic Message Preservation Act requires the Federal Government to  preserve those electronic records in electronic format. It just makes  sense.   For decades, many Federal agencies have used what we call the print- to-file method of electronic record preservation. That is right;  Federal employees were actually encouraged to print out emails to  archive the paper copies instead of just archiving them electronically.   Paper-based records, as you know, Madam Speaker, really are  inefficient, prone to record loss, and difficult to manage. A poorly  managed, paper-based system can also increase the costs of  recordkeeping for the Federal Government and the American taxpayers.   The Office of Management and Budget and my good friends over at the  National Archives, under the leadership of David Ferriero, have been  working to modernize Federal recordkeeping. They issued a joint  directive that requires agencies to preserve emails and other  electronic records in electronic format. Under that directive, all  Federal agencies should be preserving electronic records in an  electronic format by the end of this year.   This bill, Madam Speaker, just codifies that requirement in a joint  directive and expands the scope of the electronic message preservations  to include the Presidential records, as my colleague opposite has  already noted.   The bill also requires agencies to report on compliance with the  electronic record preservation requirements, which will allow Congress  to understand the progress towards these goals.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Cummings for working on  this important issue. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this  bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for her  deliberative process and the way that she has managed that. I thank  her.   I think this is one of the rare moments where you have true  bipartisan support on something that is just common sense. We need to  be doing that.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1608, the Federal Advisory  Committee Act Amendments of 2019. I thank the sponsor of this  legislation, my colleague from Missouri (Mr. Clay). In spite of the  fact that he is not wearing his stylish red glasses today, I want to  acknowledge the great work that he has done. He has been a tireless  advocate on this important reform over many Congresses.   H.R. 1608 will help improve the governance and transparency of  Federal advisory committees. The Federal advisory committees are groups  of experts and stakeholders who provide advice and recommendations to  Federal policymakers.   Currently, Madam Speaker, there are over 1,000 advisory committees  that are covered by the transparency and accountability requirements in  the Federal Advisory Committee Act. But many more advisory committees  are exempt from the law and may not receive the same level of scrutiny,  due to a lack of transparency of their own operations.   The gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Clay) has been right in working  tirelessly to make sure that advisory committees covered under the law  are required to report on their operational costs. Those reports show  advisory committees cost the Federal Government, many times, over $300  million annually, Madam Speaker.   We need to make sure that we are getting the most from the  hardworking American taxpayers' dollars. The 1972 act does not do  enough to ensure transparency and openness to the Federal  decisionmaking process.   This bill provides the needed transparency for how committee members  are selected and how committee activities function. I encourage all my  colleagues to support this particular legislation.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank the gentleman for his thoughtfulness. I have often said there  are two ways things get done here in Washington, D.C.: slow and never.  Let's hope that this is one of those times where it is just slow and  that we get the Senate to act on it.   I would inform the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia that I  have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close.   But before I do that, I want to thank the staff on both sides of the  committee. Oftentimes, we get up here and get to deliberate this, but  it is the staffs who do the hard work. I thank our staff in the  minority and, certainly, the majority staff for their hard work.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Democratic governments must be transparent and accountable to the  American people. Recordkeeping laws are vital to both. In support of  transparency and accountability, the Federal Register Act of 1935, as  my friend from the District of Columbia mentioned earlier, was created,  and it actually created the Federal Register.   The Federal Register, a lot of people are not aware, is a daily  publication of government information, such as Presidential documents,  rules, proposed rules, and public notices. The Federal Register  provides official notice of a document's existence to the public.   The Federal Register also provides the building blocks for the Code  of Federal Regulations, which makes it easier for the public to find  Federal regulations by compiling them all in one place.   In 1994, the Government Publishing Office began publishing the  Federal Register online. When I got here, I actually got a paper copy  of these Federal Registers, and I didn't know what to do with them. I  mean, they were just reams and reams.   The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is right. This is a  good-government, efficient way, hopefully, that gives the Federal  Register the ability to save American taxpayer money.   That online Register now includes navigational aids and links to  related content, and it is fully searchable and downloadable.   Congress has previously taken steps to make the Federal Register more  efficient. In 2017, Congress passed the  [[Page H2673]]  Federal Register Printing Savings Act. That law saved taxpayer dollars  by actually requiring the GPO to provide only printed copies to Member  offices that subscribe or request a copy of a specific issue.   H.R. 1654 continues in this spirit of reform with a commonsense  change for the GPO and other agencies and gives them greater  flexibility to make sure that we can save with online publications.   This bill also eliminates the requirements that agencies provide the  National Archives with multiple copies of the documents submitted to  the Federal Register. That requirement made sense when paper copies  were mailed or delivered for publication, but now agencies can simply  do that by sending duplicate copies electronically to comply with the  law.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this particular piece  of legislation. I thank the gentlewoman for her support, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   