 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment to the Violence Against Women  Act shines a light on a crisis that has been ignored for too long by  this body: the crisis of missing and murdered indigenous women.   In Indian Country, American Indians and Alaska Native women  experience murder rates ten times the national average.   One study found that there were 5,712 reported cases of missing  indigenous women in 2016.   In reality, the numbers are even worse than this, because indigenous  women are often underrepresented in national and local data.   Just one example of the thousands of heartbreaking cases of missing  and murdered women and girls is Ashlynne Mike, an 11-year-old Navajo  girl.   In 2016, Ashlynne and her 9-year-old brother, Ian, were tricked into  accepting a ride home from a stranger while playing after school on the  Navajo Reservation.   When Ashlynne and Ian did not return home, her family contacted the  authorities.   Ian was eventually found a few hours later wandering on the side of a  road.   Friends and family members then mobilized a search party for Ashlynne  and spread the news of her abduction through texts and social media.  However, because of the jurisdictional issues, an official AMBER Alert  wasn't issued until 12 hours after her disappearance.   According to a study on children abductions by the Washington State  Attorney General's Office, 76 percent of kidnapped children are killed  within the first 3 hours.   Eventually, Ashlynne's body was found by family members near a dirt  road.   Indigenous communities are demanding action on this crisis and  justice for Native women and girls like Ashlynne.   That is why last month, I was proud to hold the first ever hearing on  missing and murdered indigenous women in the Subcommittee for  Indigenous Peoples of the United States.   That is why today, I am proud to introduce this amendment as a first  step towards solutions.   We know the factors exacerbating this crisis are many. They include  lack of resources, lack of coordination between law enforcement  agencies, and jurisdictional challenges within our criminal justice  system.   My amendment would drill down on the nature and scope of these  issues, so that we can take direct legislative action to fix them. It  will give us the tools to give Tribes the resources and support they  need to combat horrific violence directed at their communities.   This amendment is identical to the bipartisan Studying the Missing  and Murdered Indian Crisis Act that I introduced earlier this week and  that Senator Tester has introduced in the Senate.   After hearing Ashlynne's story and knowing that there are thousands  of women and girls who have suffered and died as a result of this  crisis, I am sure that my colleagues will agree: Silence is not an  option. Inaction is not an option.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield  back the balance of my time.   