 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to share the frustrations of  many of my constituents who are suffering from severe noise pollution  caused by the FAA's NextGen program which has altered flight paths to  Reagan National Airport. Montgomery County, Maryland, residents who  live as much as 20 miles away from the airport have experienced a 300  to 500 percent increase in air traffic over their homes. These flight  path changes have significantly disrupted life below with relentless  noise pollution.    As 400 flights per day cross over Bethesda at low altitudes, many of  my constituents are woken up in the middle of the night, others are  interrupted and distracted at work by the onslaught of noise, and there  are children complaining that they cannot hear their teachers speak  over the noise occasionally caused by commercial jets flying over their  schools.   After more than 3 years of incessant disturbance of their peace and  quiet, my constituents were stunned last month when the FAA announced  that it would implement yet another change to flight paths at Reagan  National Airport that would lead to even more air traffic over our  communities. The FAA casually announced the change slated for an August  2019 implementation date at a meeting with the Community Noise Working  Group that works with FAA to address the problem of noise pollution at  Reagan National Airport. Given the substantial consequences of this  change and the complete lack of public input in its development, I urge  the FAA to delay the implementation date and to engage seriously with  our Community Noise Working Group, which is eager to evaluate the  proposed changes and work towards alternative proposals or strategies  to avert or at least mitigate the impact.   It is my hope, Mr. Chairman, that with the $17.7 billion that this  bill appropriates to the FAA, the agency will take serious steps toward  dramatically reducing the noise pollution in residential areas in my  district, in Montgomery, and throughout the Nation.   Thank you, Chairman Price, for your indulgence.   