 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr.  Cole) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this rule is about what is called the For the People  Act, but, to me, it should be called the ``For the Swamp Act.''   Now, we are going to have plenty of time later to debate the  particulars of the bill, but right now we are talking about the rule  and what brings this to the floor.   I just want to remind everybody that this bill was given jurisdiction  in 10 committees--10 committees--but 1 committee marked it up; one  committee took a look at it and said: Well, this is wrong. Let's fix  this. Let's change that.   One committee with nine people--2 percent of Congress--has been  involved in this bill.   Now, we understand we are in the minority here. We get that. We get  that we are not going to get our way, but we are asking to have a say.  That is all we are asking for here.   This bill is about shutting down the open process and honest debate-- this rule resolution, which actually makes sense, because the  underlying bill does the same thing for the American people.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Loudermilk for the time, and I,  too, thank the majority leader for his comments. But I don't think it  should be removed from history that the Governor of Alabama at that  time ran on segregation; multiple times, ran on segregation. It was the  Republicans in this House, the majority percentage of Republicans, that  carried the day for the Voting Rights Act.   Mr. Chair, this bill, among other things, forces States to count  votes cast outside of voters' assigned precincts. Just think about  that. I am going to vote for you over here even though I don't live  there. That is going to be great. That is what we all want, people who  don't live in our neighborhoods voting for the people who decide our  fates and our policies.   Mr. Chair, the For the People Act, that is what it is called, but I  wonder: Which people? Is it the people here or the people out there?   It seems like it is for the people here when powerful voices on the  left and the right oppose this bill, voices like the ACLU, voices like  the NRA and Planned Parenthood, because, Mr. Chair, while you might  want to contribute to one of those organizations because you believe in  their cause, you don't want the protest to show up on your doorstep. It  is bad enough that it shows up, the protest, at Planned Parenthood or  the NRA or the gun show or whatever, but now the protest is going to  show up at your door--at your door--because the people who are opposed  to the things you believe in are going to find out you sent your 5  bucks in. They are going to come to your door and say: Well, I don't  agree with you. I don't like you. And I don't think you should be  spending your money on those things.   Is that what we want in America? That is what this bill does, Mr.  Chair. Essentially, it is going to empower the Federal Election  Commission to carry out the actions of Lois Lerner and the IRS during  the last administration in an attempt to silence opposition to the  politicians in the swamp, in this place, regardless of which side you  are on.   I urge a ``no'' vote for this bill, Mr. Chair.   