 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Ernst for yielding  and for her leadership in these issues.   All of us here today are here at a time when thousands of people from  around the country, including hundreds from Missouri, will be here to  participate in the annual March for Life. They see it, as we do, that  an unborn child is not a potential person, but it is a person with  potential, a whole living, distinct human being.   Polling reflects that the American people understand that in a  significant way. It is not a celebration but a powerful reminder that  we value life as people come here this time of year. More Americans are  coming all the time to support life. We just had a meeting with someone  who was going through the recent Knights of Columbus and Marist poll.  Three in four Americans say abortion should be limited to, at most, the  first 3 months of pregnancy. These numbers continue to move in the  direction of understanding that life begins at conception, and more and  more people believe that life deserves to be protected just like any  life would.   A majority of Americans oppose using taxpayer dollars to pay for any  [[Page S252]]  abortion at any time. Seventy-five percent of Americans oppose using  taxpayer dollars to fund abortion overseas. This includes 64 percent of  self-identified, pro-choice Democrats who say they are not for spending  taxpayer dollars to fund abortions overseas. Fifty-six percent of  Democrats and 80 percent of Independents comprise that as well as, as I  said before, 64 percent of pro-choice individuals collectively say they  are not for that.   Preventing taxpayer funding for abortion has been longstanding law  and has had a bipartisan consensus until just recently. Now, this is an  important issue that the country disagrees on, but the one thing we  reached agreement on is, those people who think there is nothing wrong  with abortion shouldn't force the tax dollars of people who believe it  is the most fundamentally wrong thing you can do to be used for  abortion.   So the Hyde amendment prevents taxpayer funding of abortions or  abortion coverage in various Federal healthcare programs, including  Medicaid and Medicare and the Children's Health Insurance Program. All  of those programs are, in effect, walled off from Federal support if  abortion is involved.   A bill I initially passed as chairman of the Labor, Health and Human  Services Appropriations Committee, renewed again this year the Hyde  amendment, as it has been renewed every year since 1976 and signed into  law in every year since 1976 by Republicans and Democrats in the White  House.   Recent calls to appeal the amendment, however, in the Democratic  Party platform and from a number of my friends on the other side of the  aisle, are just simply out of touch with where a majority of Americans  are and where 100 percent of the people coming here for the March for  Life are.   Instead, far from being repealed, the Hyde amendment, in my view,  needs to be made permanent, and it needs to be applied across the  entire Federal spending spectrum, as it was initially anticipated. I am  proud to be an original cosponsor of the No Taxpayer Funding for  Abortion Act, which would do just exactly that.   I also want to take a moment to recognize the efforts of what has  become one of the most pro-life administrations in our Nation's  history.   One of the first Executive orders President Trump signed was to  reinstate and expand the Mexico City policy. In fact, he wanted to  expand it to the point that he even wanted to retitle it to the  Protecting Life in Global Health Assistance policy. The policy prevents  Federal tax dollars from funding foreign NGOs--foreign nongovernmental  organizations--that perform or promote abortion.   I also want to call attention to the efforts the administration has  taken proposing regulations that would first of all prevent title X  family planning grantees from colocating with abortion clinics or from  promoting or referring clients for abortions. None of that money was  ever to be used for those purposes, but it is pretty hard when you are  in the same facility, funded by the same overall group, not to suggest  there is some connection.   President Trump and his administration have said that would not be  allowed. They have passed regulations to further protect the right of  conscience. In a famous letter written in the last year of his  Presidency, President Jefferson said that the right of conscience--the  right to fervently believe what you believe is the right thing--should  be the right we hold the most dear, and the President is trying to be  sure that applies in every possible case to Federal law as well.   They also voted to separate payment requirements from abortion  coverage in ObamaCare and have really continued to do exactly what the  President said he would do in these areas.   I know we all also want to encourage those who are participating in  the March for Life on Friday. Every human life matters. The advocacy of  people who come here year after year or perhaps are coming for the very  first time makes a difference.   So for the efforts of the thousands who defy the weather--and the  anniversary of the decision just happens to be in what almost always  turns out to be the worst weather we have in Washington during the  year, but that doesn't seem to deter those who are marching here or  those who are speaking to those who come here to defy the weather and  to March for Life.   