 Mr. Speaker, I want to start out by recognizing Mr.  Newhouse for his leadership on this issue, for educating us, and for  galvanizing our Congress to take action here. I also thank my friend  for the character and integrity that he brings to our Chamber every  day. The gentleman is a bright light right here in our Capitol.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise to address the serious epidemic occurring in  the United States, and that is the disappearance and senseless murders  of Native American women. Many Americans are unaware of this epidemic,  and it must be brought to our attention.   According to the Native American Women's Nebraska Task Force,  Nebraska, and particularly Omaha, has a high number of missing and  murdered Native American women. Thirty-three Native American women are  listed as missing in Nebraska. Omaha is ranked third in the United  States for having the most unreported cases of missing and murdered  indigenous women. Although the Nebraska State Patrol is working with  the Commission of Indian Affairs and working as hard as they can to  collect and improve data reporting and helping with the investigations,  there is just a lot more to do.   Unfortunately, this is not just an issue in Nebraska. In 2016, 5,712  cases of missing or murdered indigenous women were reported, and only  116 are logged by the Department of Justice in its database. It is  believed that many cases go unreported, so that number is expected to  be much higher.   One of the ways we can address and bring awareness to this very  important issue is to improve and strengthen the relationship between  Tribal and State law enforcement agencies, enhance missing persons  reports, implement diligent recordkeeping, and maintain communication  between law enforcement and the families of the victims.   H.R. 2733, Savanna's Act, does just that. I am thankful to be a  cosponsor and glad to be on it. It is a worthy act that we should pass.   We must also increase media coverage to raise awareness and help  locate missing women. In 1996, the AMBER Alert system was established  when Dallas-Fort Worth broadcasters teamed up with local police to  develop an early warning system to help find missing children. This had  a significant impact. Since 1996, over 900 children have been safely  found. We need to have a similar system that applies to all Americans  and target it here with our Native American population.   What we have learned is that the Native American community lacks  proper resources to search for these women. When police cases go  dormant, our families have taken it upon themselves to search for their  loved ones, but that seldom works. It seldom yields results. We need to  provide resources to Tribal law enforcement to help locate these  missing women, and that is what Savanna's Act is designed to  accomplish.    We say we will go to the ends of the Earth to protect our families,  our friends, and our loved ones. That is how our Native American  brothers and sisters feel about their lost loved ones as well. When our  country is threatened by foreign countries, we take action. When our  country faces a medical epidemic, we take action. When children go  missing, we take action, and we know no boundaries. When our fellow  Americans go missing, we take action.   That is why I am urging my colleagues to support Savanna's Act. We  can do better.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Newhouse for yielding.   