 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, all eyes today are on the House of  Representatives. The country is waiting to see whether these House  Democrats will give in to the temptation that every other House in  modern history has managed to resist and misuse the solemn process of  impeachment to blow off partisan steam. I will have more to say on this  subject if House Democrats do, in fact, proceed.   Yesterday I came to the floor to discuss one initial aspect of this  that concerns our Senate process. Over the weekend, my colleague the  Democratic leader began asking the Senate to break from precedent,  break with the unanimous template from 1999, and begin choreographing  the middle of a potential trial before we have even heard opening  arguments.   Back in 1999, all 100 Senators agreed on a simple pretrial resolution  that set up a briefing, opening arguments, Senators' questions, and a  vote on a motion to dismiss. Senators reserved all other questions,  such as witnesses, until the trial was underway. That was the unanimous  bipartisan precedent from 1999. Put first things first, lay the  bipartisan groundwork and leave midtrial questions to the middle of the  trial.   I have hoped, and still hope, that the Democratic leader and I can  sit down and reproduce that unanimous bipartisan agreement this time.  His decision to try to angrily negotiate through the press is  unfortunate, but no amount of bluster will change the simple fact that  we already have a unanimous bipartisan precedent. If 100 Senators  [[Page S7125]]  thought this approach was good enough for President Clinton, it ought  to be good enough for President Trump.   I hope House Democrats see reason to pull back from the precipice,  but if they proceed, I hope the Democratic leader and I can sit down  soon and honor the template that was unanimously agreed to the last  time.   Mr. President, on another matter, in the meantime, the Senate is busy  completing the legislation our country actually needs. Yesterday the  Senate passed the NDAA conference report and put it on President  Trump's desk. Thanks to the diligence of Chairman Inhofe and Ranking  Member Reed, this critical legislation to support our armed services  will become law for a 59th consecutive year.    Mr. President, I want to announce to all of our  Members that by popular demand, the Democratic leader and I will have a  bipartisan agreement that we will have 10-minute votes enforced  tomorrow.   