 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   It is sad that we are here. As a military member, I spent some time  at the Incirlik Air Base in Turkey in `06, or maybe a little before in  `05. I think we all, as Members of this body, have probably been there  in our travels and see some amazing potential for a country that really  straddles two continents and plays such an important role in the  future. But it is sad to see what has happened.   So, I reluctantly have to rise today in support of H.R. 4695, the  Protect Against Conflict by Turkey Act, also known as the PACT Act.   I cosponsored this because I am worried about the direction of  President Erdogan and the direction he is taking the Republic of  Turkey.   The leader of a country with so much to offer the world should not be  cozying up to the likes of Vladimir Putin and Bashar al-Assad--Vladimir  Putin, who oversees a failing nation, quite honestly, and is not the  future. Yet that is exactly what Erdogan is doing when he decided to  invade Syria.   Far too many men, women, and children have died at the hands of  Assad, Putin, and Khamenei.   It is unthinkable that a leader of a NATO nation will be joining the  list of murderous thugs; but, given the latest developments in Syria,  many of our Kurdish partners will likely die because of Erdogan's  offensive.   These are the same Kurdish fighters who, while we lost less than 20  soldiers in the fight against ISIS from combat, lost over 10,000 of  their own men and women.   These are the same Kurdish fighters who spent the past 5 years  hunting ISIS leader Abu al-Baghdadi alongside our men and women in  uniform, and we saw that come to fruition in a great way this weekend.   Without their constant pressure on the ISIS networks, our operators  may have never had the chance to bring him to justice--not to mention  the fact that Turkey, inevitably, threatened to attack our troops in  northern Syria.   That is why I am proud to cosponsor this. By applying targeted  sanctions against those directly responsible for the operations, we are  sending a message to the Erdogan government that the U.S. will hold  them liable for their actions. If he does not want to act like a NATO  nation, then his government will feel the repercussions of such  decisions.   I thank Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul for their steadfast  leadership of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I commend them for  their ability to work in a bipartisan manner to advance measures in  America's interest.   