 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 2 years ago, I came to this floor of the  Senate to talk about the rules process and nominations in particular  because, even 2 years ago, we were experiencing the beginning of what I  saw to be a trend.   When elected to office, every President has about 1,200 nominations  that have to come through the Senate for what is called advice and  consent. Those individuals go through background checks at the White  House, they go through interviews through the White House, and they go  through the extensive review of references. Then they are recommended  to the respective committees here, where they again go through  background checks, have conversations, interviews, public hearings,  questions for the record after the hearings are over, and go through  any followup from any individual American who wants to give input  whether that input be from outside groups here or from anywhere else in  the country. Then they come to the floor of the Senate.   In the past, those individuals moved through quickly because there  were 1,200 of them, but the minority has always had the right to have  one last, little slowdown when they have gotten to the floor. They can  make what is called a cloture vote request. The minority--any  individual--could always make a request for a cloture vote to say: I  know they have gone through all of these extensive checks, that they  have already passed the committee, that they have gone through all of  the process, but at the end, I want an additional 30 hours of debate on  these people. Yet it is not just 30 hours of debate; it is actually  what is called a full intervening day. After that, there is an  additional 30 hours of debate for that person.   That has been done in the past but very rarely in the first 2 years  of a Presidency because there are so many nominations that have to go  through the process. If we go back to President Clinton, there were  eight of those requests. For President Bush, there were four of those.  For President Obama, there were 12 of those. For President Trump, there  have been 128 of those.   Two years ago, I saw the trend of where this was heading. This was a  new structure for the beginning of a Presidency. I was concerned at  that time, but I have an even greater concern now. It is the trend of  where we are headed as a Senate. Is this going to be the new normal?  This used to be what was normal: Occasional nominees would come through  if they were very controversial. Yet most of these nominees were not  really all that controversial. In fact, 48 percent of those nominees  who had the additional cloture time then got more than 60 votes. In  fact, 37 percent of them got more than 70 votes. These were not  controversial individuals coming through; it was just an intentional  slowing down of the process.   I have heard folks say: There are so many of these judges who are  coming through at the district court level that they become very  controversial.   Quite frankly, every single judge who comes through has to be  approved by the two Senators from that State through what is called the  blue-slip process. This is for all of those district court judges. It  is a process that has been honored by previous administrations and by  this administration. This Senate has honored those same blue slips for  all of the district court judges. If the judges are from a Democratic  State, both of those Democratic Senators have to approve of them before  they come. If the judges are from a State that has one Democrat and one  Republican, it has to be split. If there are two Republicans, they both  have to agree to it. This is for all of the district court judges. Yet  they are still being slowed down. They have gone through the background  checks, and they have been approved by their home State Senators  regardless of party; yet they are slowed down.   So whether they are executive nominees or whether they are judicial  nominees, these 128 individuals being slowed down has created a new  slowdown in the Senate.   Two years ago, I made a proposal to go back to something that Harry  Reid proposed and was passed by this Senate in 2013, which was long  before I was here. It was a 2-year agreement to just say: Here is how  we are going to deal with what is called postcloture debate time. If  there is a controversial nominee, here is how we will handle it.   I went to my colleagues and said: Let's revive that rule. Instead of  making it for 2 years, which was the Harry Reid rule, let's just make  it from here on out. I made that proposal in the last Senate. We took  that to the Rules Committee. It passed the Rules Committee, but it  could not pass on this floor.   I thought it was eminently kind and bipartisan to say that I would go  back and grab Harry Reid's rule and that if it was good for the  Democrats when they were in the leadership, it should be good for  everybody regardless of whether it is the Republicans or the Democrats.  It did not pass.   I have once again come back and made a proposal to say let's fix this  and to not just fix this for now but to fix this from here on out.  Whether there will be a Democratic President or a Republican President  in the future, let's have a simple rule: If we get to a nominee who has  gone through the background checks of the White House, has gone through  the committee and passed the committee, and has gone through additional  questions for the record--all of that--if people still want additional  time, they can still request the intervening day, but then instead of  30 hours after that full day, it would be just 2 hours of additional  time.   Quite frankly, during most of the time that we have had the 30 hours  of debate, there hasn't really been debate on the floor for 30 hours;  there has been debate on the floor for, say, 15 or 20 minutes. For the  rest of the time, the floor has sat empty or we have debated other  things other than the nominee.   So we would set aside 2 additional hours. We would do this for  district court judges, and we would do this for most of the nominees  for the executive branch, but we would still hold that 30 hours for  things like nominees for the circuit court, the Supreme Court, and  those at the Cabinet level. For those types of positions, sure, keep  the 30 hours, but for the other 1,000-plus nominees who are to be the  Deputy Secretaries or assistants of whatever it may be, allow them to  go through the normal process and not slow it down.   The Chief Counsel for the IRS has not been confirmed. He went through  the last Congress, but he didn't get there. He passed 25 to 2 out of  committee. He passed 26 to 2 out of committee this time; yet there is a  requirement of 30 additional hours of debate on the floor. He will  probably pass overwhelmingly, but it is just a tactic to slow down this  floor.   We have a lot of business to do. Let's make a rule that is fair, and  let's make it work for everyone. My concern is, long-term for the  Senate, this will be the new trend, and the next time there is a  Democratic President, this is what Republicans will do to Democratic  Presidents, and this will be the new way that we operate.   This isn't helpful for any President; this isn't helpful for the  Senate; and this is something we need to fix.   We have 2 years of muscle memory on this now--of doing it over and  over  [[Page S1507]]  and over. I don't think this gets better because I think the political  pressure will be there just to keep doing this and slowing things down  for everybody.   So we put a rule out there. It has gone through the Rules Committee.  I have encouraged my Democratic colleagues to join in with this because  there will be a Democratic President someday in the future, and they  will not want this coming back at them and will say this is unfair, and  I will agree. But it will happen, so let's fix it now. Let's resolve  this in this Senate in this time from here on out--not a short-term  rule but long-term, permanent--to take us back to this being the norm,  when we could work better together.   I love hearing everyone say that we should be more bipartisan as a  body. I would love to get this body working again. That is this  proposal. This proposal is not a partisan proposal. It is not trying to  get leverage on anybody. It is trying to get this body back to working  again, and I hope in the weeks ahead, when this rule actually comes to  the floor of the Senate, we can get overwhelming bipartisan support for  it so that we can get back to working together.   I yield the floor.   