 Mr. President, let me pick up where my friend the Senator  from Virginia left off.   We are now in the history books: the longest shutdown in American  history on this President's watch--a President who, a few weeks back,  said he would be proud to own this government shutdown; a President  who, in the lead-up, said: Gosh, don't those Democrats know that most  of the folks who aren't going to get paid are Democrats--  [[Page S177]]  which was, frankly, one of the most insulting comments any elected  official in my lifetime has ever made.   I wish the President or somebody from his White House had been with  Senator Kaine and I when we sat down with Federal workers from Virginia  last Friday. Senator Kaine may have already mentioned a couple of these  stories. I am going to briefly recap a couple of them.   A number of Federal employees who came and sat with us said they were  in Federal service because they thought it was national service, many  of them former veterans who felt they had an obligation to continue to  serve our Nation, to protect it.   One lady, who worked at a small Agency that investigates chemical  spills--and there had been a chemical spill in Houston the week  before--felt her job was to get out and investigate.   A young man who served in the military now was supposed to be  approving the safety of helicopters that are supposed to be deployed to  Iraq. This guy is not able to do his job. Who is going to watch out for  the safety of those helicopters? What about the needs for those  helicopters that may be for troops in harm's way?   There is the story of one worker who said she had a little bit and  could get through with her savings, but she went into her IRA to draw  down that money. As Senator Kaine mentioned, she will get repaid, but  even if she gets repaid, she will not get repaid the tax penalty for an  early withdrawal from her IRA.   Another employee was able to get a couple thousand dollar advance on  a credit card, but even when he is repaid in terms of backpay, that  will not make up for the fees and interest that is charged on the  credit card.   My apologies to the Presiding Officer if the Senator from Virginia  already recounted this story. A young couple, both Federal employees,  brought their 7-week-old baby to this meeting and said they wanted to  bring this small bundle of joy because they had the unthinkable happen.  When they tried to get their daughter put on their Federal healthcare  insurance, whoever was supposed to send in the form had been  furloughed. So when they took their daughter to the doctor and the  doctor prescribed medicine, at the drug store they couldn't pay the  bill because the folks didn't have their insurance. They had done  nothing wrong. In this case, it didn't end up in a tragedy. The  insurance company, with additional documentation, put the child on the  insurance plan, and this family was able to get medicine for their  child, but no parent who has earned the right to have their kid covered  by health insurance should have this kind of action interfere in their  life.   I did hear Senator Kaine mention, we had some of the air traffic  controllers there, and they brought a series of their checks. It almost  added insult to injury to get checks that said 1 cent or a zero on it.  It is better to not even send them a check. As Senator Kaine mentioned,  do you really want, in the crowded airspace over Dulles, your air  traffic controller spending 30 percent of his time figuring out how he  will pay the mortgage or pay his kids' tuition? You want 100 percent of  that Federal employee's focus on landing that plane safely.   So 800,000 thousand Federal workers, about half of them furloughed,  half of them working not just full-time but in some cases overtime.   Another colleague, earlier today, had some folks working at a Federal  penitentiary. A lot of the workers weren't showing up to work not  because they were upset or because they want to rightly protest, they  couldn't afford the gas because they live 2 hours away from the Federal  penitentiary.   We have a President who is willing to go to the border and go on TV  but who is not willing to sit down with any of this workforce. That is  embarrassing and, frankly, disgraceful.   If you were saying this is only about Federal workers, that would be  bad enough. What about the contractors? Even though there are a group  of us trying to put legislation in place, even if we reopen government,  many of these contractors will never be made whole.   We have in our State a number of small businesses. One veteran-owned  business with nine employees had to shut down last week because she  couldn't meet her payroll. Now, will that small business be able to  reopen? I don't know.   We in Virginia are blessed with incredible National Parks, the  Shenandoah National Park and around the area where Senator Kaine lives  in Richmond, civil war battlefields. This isn't just Federal employees.  What happens if you are a campground around the Shenandoah National  Park? What happens if you are a little restaurant right outside of  Petersburg Battlefield? When those facilities shut down, those small  businesses will never see that income come back in.   We have a flourishing craft brewery industry in Virginia, as I know  they have in New Mexico and I imagine even in Alaska. Port City  Brewing, based in Virginia, can't bring a couple of new brews to market  because ATF workers are furloughed.   There has already been mention of the growing lines at TSA and the  airports. In fact, ag workers, farmers, are waiting to see whether the  President's support checks are going to come in. They are not going to  come in right now. You have bad trade policy reinforced with the bad  business practices of a government that is shut down.   As a matter of fact, we can look at this at a more macrolevel. What  is the cost to the taxpayer? The cost to the taxpayer has already  exceeded $3.6 billion. Why, in good gracious' name, can't we at least  just vote on what the House has already voted on, what 96 Senators  voted on in the middle of December?   If we want to continue to litigate how we can better protect our  borders, count me in. I am in favor of additional resources for border  security. I am sure we can find a way to get to yes, but why hold  800,000 Federal workers and hundreds of thousands of contractors and,  for that matter, the whole county hostage?   I know my friend, the Senator from New Mexico, is here. I am only  going to take one more moment. In my career, I have spent longer in  business than I have in government, and most of my career in business  was about trying to do deals. I was a venture capitalist, which is all  about doing deals. I was an entrepreneur.   Subsequent to that, I was Governor of a State that had a 2-to-1  Republican legislature. If I was going to get anything done as  Governor, I had to find common ground with a legislature of a different  party. I am proud to say, we did find common ground, and Virginia got  independently recognized as best managed State and best State for  business.   So I have had a little experience doing deals, and I will wager this;  that when this shutdown comes to a conclusion, that business schools  and management consultants will write case studies about how not to  negotiate based on Donald Trump's activities. Donald Trump, who sold  himself to the American people as the ultimate dealmaker, has, I think,  in the last 24--even days before that--violated every cardinal rule of  how to get a deal done. Let me briefly go through this.   The first thing you learn in business when you are trying to do a  deal, even if you have a slight advantage, you try to make it at least  appear like it is a win-win circumstance for both sides. There has been  nothing out of this White House that has been any effort toward those  who don't agree with the President any sense of a win-win. It has been  all about my way or the highway. That is not the way you practice  business.   The second rule of business is, if you have somebody negotiating on  your behalf, you back up your negotiator. You don't cut their knees  off. This President has humiliated not only the majority leader of the  Senate, who had the misfortune of taking and accepting the President's  word and having the Senate vote 96-to-2 on a plan that he thought the  President was going to sign and then have his knees cut off, but a few  days later, he had the Vice President come to Congress and offer a plan  as at least a starting point. I don't think he even got back downtown  before the President of the United States had cut off his own Vice  President's negotiating skills.   In the last few days, one of the folks whom--I think, at least, based  on reporting--a friend of all of ours, the President, is supposed to  listen to, Senator Graham from South Carolina, has been shot down as  well.   Rule No. 2, don't kneecap your negotiators.  [[Page S178]]    Rule No. 3, realize that no matter how important the deal is, there  is always going to be another deal. You have to leave something on the  table. This President has so broken faith with folks in his own party  and folks on our side of the aisle, how can this individual think he is  going to have any credibility--regardless of how we resolve this issue  on any forward-going basis--to be a strong negotiator?   Rule No. 4, have somebody that is willing to speak truth to power.  Unfortunately, in this administration, any independent voice has quit,  been fired, or if they quit, as is the case of the Secretary of  Defense, the President changes the terms and says he fired them, after  all.   Finally, for management 101, if you are asking your workforce to go  through tough times, show a little empathy. I have never seen a leader  in our country, in my time in politics, ever be more disrespectful of  the Federal workforce, and both parties have done this. Whenever, over  the last decade, we have gone to the well to try to cut programs, the  part of the programs we always cut are what we call in Washington-speak  domestic discretionary. In English, that means the folks who work on  food stamps, the folks who work at our national parks, the folks who  work at TSA, and the folks who work on the Coast Guard. Yet there has  been zero empathy from this White House for those workers who all of us  have spoken about, who are asked to do more, who aren't getting paid,  or are asked to work overtime. We are a better country than this.   The President who said he was dealmaker supreme, I think, will go  down, at least in modern management history, and will be studied but  not studied on how you get a deal done but, frankly, on how not to get  a deal done.   So I think it is incumbent upon us in the Senate to do our job. We do  not have to ask permission from this President to reopen this  government, to pass legislation that could override his veto should he  choose to do that, to make sure the 96 Senators who voted in favor of  keeping the government open in December would have a chance to reaffirm  that vote on a going-forward basis.   I appreciate the time to come to the floor. I am going to hand off to  my friend, the Senator from New Mexico. It is my hope that we don't  make further history this week and that we find some way in this next  day or so to get this government reopened so we can get this Federal  workforce back to work.   