 Mr. President, it strikes me that there are really two  problems before us--one we can resolve this evening or tomorrow morning  or in the next 24 hours, and that is the shutdown. At least we could  resolve it for a limited period of time and then start talking about  the second problem, which is border security.   I think one of the unfortunate realities of what has happened in the  last month is the assumption on the part of some that there was no good  faith on border security and no interest in dealing with border  security from this side of the aisle. That is a misunderstanding. I  voted in 2013 for the largest border security provision that I think  has ever come before the U.S. Senate. So did virtually every Member of  this caucus and a third or more of the other caucus. Two-thirds of the  Senate voted for that bill with a very important border security  provision.   I want to be very clear. I am very supportive of border security and  of increasing border security. There also may be cases in which there  may be parts of the border at which some kind of barrier makes sense  and is cost-effective; whereas, there are other areas of the border at  which it doesn't make sense. What I am interested in is a thorough  discussion with the experts about what the most cost-effective way is  to protect our citizens and secure the border. I believe this proposal  today gives us the breathing space to have that discussion.   I remind my colleagues that this administration submitted a border  security proposal to the Congress last February with its budget of $1.6  billion. Lo and behold, it was approved by the Appropriations Committee  and by this body. That is an indication to me that there is good faith.   I think the important thing to communicate now is to not complicate  this with conditions. Let's take the awful hammer away--and I don't  have to reiterate all that has been said today about the devastating  effect of this shutdown on people in all of our States and on people  who are working for no pay, which is fundamentally wrong--and then  spend the next 3 weeks finding a solution, which I believe we can do. I  have had enough discussions with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle. I think there is a solution to be had that will satisfy the  President, the two bodies of Congress, and, most importantly, the  American people in terms of the protection we can provide.   I am happy to join my colleague today in supporting this message and,  importantly, to join my colleagues across the aisle. Give us breathing  space. Take the problem of the shutdown away. Then we can have a  discussion and a debate and find a solution through a process, which is  the way it ought to be, not with a shutdown hanging over everyone. That  is not the way we should be governing.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on finding a creative,  cost-effective, and safe solution to this issue of border security to  protect this country.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   