 Madam President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Eric  Miller to be circuit judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth  Circuit.   Senate traditions command respect, and if we are going to change  them, we should do so in a bipartisan way. Changing rules midstream and  changing traditions well into the Congress causes bitterness, acrimony,  and it hurts our ability to work with each other. Such Senate  traditions as the blue slip, where the nominee's home State Senators  are given an opportunity to object--this courtesy has been in place for  more than 100 years as part of the Senate's advice and consent  responsibility.   If confirmed, Mr. Miller would be the first circuit court nominee in  history to be confirmed without having a blue slip returned from either  of his home State Senators. The lack of respect shown for this Senate  tradition by the Republican leadership of the Judiciary Committee is as  saddening as it is alarming.   Another Senate tradition again flouted by the majority was holding  Mr. Miller's confirmation hearing during a Senate recess. The recess  hearing--lasting only 30 minutes, with only two Republican Members in  attendance--was objected to by Democratic Members who sought to  question Mr. Miller on a number of legal issues, including Indian law.  Instead, the questioning lasted less than 5 minutes.   Bringing Mr. Miller's nomination to the floor without an adequate  hearing is an abuse of the confirmation process by the Republican  leadership of the Judiciary Committee.   Putting aside these abuses of the process, as significant as they  are, Mr. Miller's repeated willingness to side against Native American  Tribes in court and the likelihood that such willingness will follow  him to the bench where he would have an outsized influence on the  development of Indian law for decades, concerns me deeply.   As vice chair of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I pay  special attention to a nominee's record on Tribal issues, especially if  a nominee will preside in a jurisdiction that has 427 Tribal nations,  as is the case with Mr. Miller. I am concerned that Mr. Miller's record  has not shown and does not have the proper respect for Tribal  sovereignty.   As an attorney in private practice, Mr. Miller consistently advocated  against Tribal interests and Tribal sovereignty. In fact, Mr. Miller  has donated over 675 hours of pro bono work against Tribal sovereignty,  against Native American religious practices, Federal recognition, and  numerous other respected Tribal doctrines.   For example, in the case of Upper Skagit v. Lundgren, Mr. Miller  argued that Tribal governments are not entitled to sovereign immunity  because it interferes with the ``State's sovereign interest in  adjudicating disputes over title to land within their territory and  frustrate[s] the ordinary adjudication of competing [ownership]  claims.'' His arguments in this case demonstrate he does not understand  the inherent sovereignty of Tribal nations.   Mr. Miller has shown a lack of respect for Native American religious  practitioners when he argued for a narrow application of the Religious  Freedom Restoration Act when these practitioners argued that the  construction of a solar farm would substantially burden their ability  to conduct their religious practices.  [[Page S1465]]    Mr. Miller has argued for an extremely narrow reading of the Indian  Reorganization Act when considering the Federal recognition status of  Tribes. He asserts that only Tribes that possessed federally managed  lands when the act was passed in 1934 should be federally recognized.  This narrow view does not acknowledge the well-established principles  of Indian law and can lead to the termination of Tribal nations that do  not meet his narrow and arbitrary standard.   Mr. Miller's record on Tribal issues is one-sided and extreme. His  history of advocating against Tribal interests does not give me  confidence that he would be a fair and impartial jurist on the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals when Tribes come before him.   I will vote no on Eric Miller's confirmation. I urge my colleagues to  do so as well.   I yield the floor.   