 Mr. President, March is Women's History Month. A number of  my colleagues have been coming to the floor and talking about the  accomplishments of particular women in their States. I want to do the  same thing.   When Virginia Minor, a St. Louisan, was denied the ability to  register to vote in 1872, she took her case all the way to the Supreme  Court. While she wasn't successful at the Supreme Court level, she  remained a leader in the suffrage movement and later testified before  the Senate Select Committee on Woman Suffrage in 1889. Remember that  women didn't get the right to vote until 1920. So she was working on  this with thousands of others for a long time. She is also one of seven  women represented in the Missouri State Capitol's Hall of Famous  Missourians.   Virginia Minor and her fellow suffragettes blazed a trail of  political leadership that others followed. In 1952 Leonor Sullivan  became the first woman in Congress from Missouri. During the 24 years  that she served in the House, she became the first woman appointed to  the House Democratic Steering Committee. She was elected secretary, one  of the elected leaders, of the House Democratic caucus for five terms.   Our former colleague, Senator Claire McCaskill, won her Senate race  in 2006. With that, she became the first woman elected to the U.S.  Senate from Missouri. Certainly, Senator McCaskill and I disagreed on  plenty of things over the years, but, frankly, when it came to the big  issues affecting our State, we always figured out how to work together  to get things done.   Also from our State, I want to recognize Margaret Kelly, who in 1984  was appointed to the position of State auditor. When that happened,  that made her the first woman to hold statewide office in Missouri. She  was elected to a full term in 1986 and reelected two more times after  that.   In Missouri, at least, you can't talk about politics and the impact  on politics without talking about Phyllis Schlafly, who was a vocal and  tireless advocate for conservative ideas. She was never afraid of a  fight, but she also knew when to celebrate what was possible. One of  the great things about Phyllis Schlafly was that she knew how to win,  when you could win, and what you could win, when you could win it, and,  then, how to come back and fight for what you didn't get the first time  and continue to work for more. She was a friend of mine. I value her  legacy. There is no question that she impacted the political landscape  of the country.   As I mentioned earlier, there are seven women represented in the Hall  of Famous Missourians. Two of them were committed lifelong to  education. In 1873 Susan Blow, who was born in St. Louis, founded the  first public kindergarten in the United States in the Des Peres public  school in Carondelet. In 1818 Saint Rose Duchesne opened the first  Sacred Heart school outside of Europe. The Academy of the Sacred Heart  was the first free school west of the Mississippi and the first  Catholic school in what would eventually become the St. Louis  Archdiocese. I mentioned that this was Saint Rose Duchesne, one of the  first women to be an American who rose to the level of sainthood.   There are also a few world figures in that hall of fame, like  Josephine Baker, who was not only an iconic entertainer but also a  civil rights activist and, interestingly, a member of the French  resistance during World War II while she was entertaining in Europe. In  our hall of fame, she is joined by other entertainers, like Ginger  Rogers and Betty Grable.   The seventh woman honored in the State capitol is Sacagawea, who, of  course, was part of the Lewis and Clark expedition into Missouri and up  the Missouri River and other territories of the Louisiana Purchase.   To cover all of the notable Missouri women in history would be  impossible. To talk about the countless women who are making an  incredible impact in our State today would be impossible--people who  are devoted to public service, who are successful entrepreneurs, who  serve our country in the Armed Forces, and so much more. Those women  and others continue to help lead our country and to inspire younger  women. There is a reason that March is Women's History Month, and  thousands and thousands--maybe millions--of Missouri women would easily  qualify in that category of people who have made a difference in  history.   I yield the floor.   