 Mr. President, Congress has no greater responsibility  than providing for a strong national defense and keeping American  citizens safe.   The National Defense Authorization Act is one of the most important  pieces of legislation to be considered by the U.S. Senate. It  authorizes the weapons systems, programs, and resources that support  the men and women who serve our country in the Armed Forces. For  decades, it has been approved with strong, bipartisan support.   In my home State of Colorado, our military installations, including  Fort Carson, the Air Force Academy, and Buckley, Peterson, and  Schriever Air Force Bases, are on the cutting edge of readiness in  protecting our national security. This legislation is foundational to  their mission, their work, and our show of support for the military.   I thank Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed for their bipartisan  leadership on the Senate Armed Services Committee and on the floor. The  tremendous responsibility of providing for national defense cannot be  overstated, and they have handled the process with respect and the  seriousness that it deserves. The security of the United States should  always be more important than any partisan politics, and I appreciate  their commitment that they have placed on national defense above all  else.   I also thank my colleagues for their bipartisan work on the National  Defense Authorization Act. In working with them, I was able to achieve  a number of great victories in amendments for Colorado and the Nation  as well.   Senator Schatz and I have a bipartisan amendment that will improve  the public alert system and allow military communities access to clean  and safe drinking water, which was another  [[Page S4603]]  amendment that we were able to work on.   I was able to work with Senator Toomey and Senator Van Hollen-- Senators from both sides of the aisle--to impose sanctions on the  murderous North Korean regime.    We will also vote today to support a bipartisan effort that I  authored that will encourage the U.S. Congress to stand with the people  of Hong Kong and their democratic values while we urge Hong Kong's  authorities to permanently withdraw their flawed extradition bill and  support human rights in Hong Kong.   When one family member serves our country in uniform, the entire  family serves. This legislation supports military families in Colorado  and all over the world. It provides the largest pay increase in a  decade for troops, and it continues to support military spouses. The  NDAA addresses the challenges that servicemembers and their families  face when they live in privatized housing, and it expands resources to  address the PFAS water contamination in many of our military  communities. This is an issue of life and health, and it matters  greatly to the people of Colorado. I was pleased to work with my  colleagues to continue addressing PFAS contamination.   Of course, in Colorado, we are proud to play a very key role in  defending the United States. These installations that I talked about  are critical to national security and supporting our operations in  space. I am thrilled that this year's NDAA authorizes the U.S. Space  Force so that the United States can remain a global leader in space and  not fall behind China or any other foreign competitor.   Almost everything in today's age relies on space technology-- telecommunications, GPS, transportation logistics, precision  agriculture, and, of course, the U.S. military. Establishing the U.S.  Space Force will better organize the military to handle space  operations and will put all military members who work in the space  domain under the same organizational umbrella. Colorado is home to the  North American Aerospace Defense Command and the U.S. Northern Command,  and it is the legacy home of the Air Force Space Command. As we  establish the U.S. Space Force, Colorado is uniquely positioned to  continue its support of our Nation's military operations in space and  the mission set that space involves.   We cannot risk falling behind our foreign competitors in the second  space age. In order to guarantee the safety and security of American  citizens, we must maintain our leadership in space operations and  defense. I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense  Authorization Act, which supports defense operations across the globe  and the brave women and men who serve in the U.S. military. I will  always fight to protect and grow the presence of the U.S. military in  Colorado and work to ensure that these bases, which are essential to  both national security and Colorado communities, remain strong.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to honor an officer of the  Colorado State Patrol whose watch tragically came to an end earlier  this month when he was killed in the line of duty.   On June 14, 2019, Trooper William Moden was responding to an accident  that occurred on I-70 in Deer Trial, CO. He was doing what he did every  day--responding to an incident and giving a helping hand to Coloradans  in need. He was assisting the passengers of a vehicle who were involved  in a crash--one of whom was an 18-month-old child--when he was struck  by a passing vehicle.   Like too many of our Nation's law enforcement officers, Trooper Moden  gave his life while protecting and serving others.   William Moden was 37 years old and had served in the Colorado State  Patrol for 12 years. His fellow troopers remember him as someone whose  uniform was always perfect and whose boots were always polished. There  is no doubt for any of them that he was meant to serve and that he did  so with the utmost honor and dignity.   While Trooper Moden carried out his duties with seriousness, his  friends and loved ones remember him as someone with a tremendous sense  of humor. At a memorial service held last week, he was described as  having an infectious laugh--a laugh that was usually the loudest in the  room. Many at the service remembered the time he put on a dog's shock  collar just to see how it felt and to make others laugh. These are the  kinds of memories his loved ones will remember forever.   Just as he answered when his Coloradans called, his friends and  family say he was someone who could always be counted on. He was  reliable, dependable, and they often described him as their ``knight in  shining armor''--someone who is always there to provide care and  comfort. The chief of the Colorado State Patrol, Colonel Matt Packard,  described William Moden as ``the true personification of what it means  to be a Colorado State Trooper.''   At the memorial service last week, Trooper Moden was awarded the  title of ``Master Trooper''--a rank given only to those who show great  leadership and character. To those who knew him, William completely  exemplified these characteristics and is certainly deserving of this  high honor.    We know we can never pay the debt of gratitude owed to people like  William Moden, who risk their lives every day to ensure their  communities are safe. The best we can offer is to never forget and to  continue to celebrate the lives of those who sacrifice everything.   I know my Senate colleagues will join me in mourning the loss of  Trooper Moden and all those who have given their lives in defending the  thin blue line.   So for the second time this year, I come to the floor of the U.S.  Senate and remember the words of LTC Dave Grossman, who said,  ``American law enforcement is the loyal and brave sheep dog always  standing watch for the wolf that lurks in the dark.''   I hope the outpouring of love and support that Trooper Moden's family  and friends have received in the past few weeks bring them a small bit  of comfort.   To Trooper Moden's family and loved ones, our State thanks you for  your service, sacrifice, and willingness to share William with the  people of Colorado.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   