 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia  for yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, it is sad that I rise today in opposition to H.R. 6. It  brings me no pleasure, for I support an equitable solution for our  Nation's Dreamer population, but this bill goes well beyond that kind  of a balanced, equitable solution and, in fact, puts illegal  immigration ahead of legal immigration.   While we are a nation of immigrants, it is true, we are a nation of  laws as well. Once again, the majority has failed to find common ground  on this topic in this House.   Last year at this time we worked mightily, when in the majority, to  try to find common ground, with Bob Goodlatte's effort of last summer,  our former chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He, too, could not find  full bipartisan common ground, and barely common ground among  Republicans, but common ground we must find, and this bill, Mr.  Speaker, is not that.   One example of why: legal Dreamers. These are kids of work permit  holders in America from countries like India and China who can't get  green cards due to arbitrary country caps in our immigration laws.  Their kids have to self-deport when they turn 18 years old.   Why aren't these kids being dealt with and protected? Their parents  followed the rules, came to the United States the right way with a  legal work permit, and yet with this bill, we are going to reward those  who came illegally, through no fault of their own for the kids, and not  protect those who are here legally.   Mr. Speaker, that is not right.   Last year, House Republicans and the President offered equitable  solutions for Dreamers in exchange for much-needed asylum reforms,  family unification at the border, and border security funds, but,  sadly, as noted, the floundering majority in this House can't find that  compromise, can't find that common ground.   In my view, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6 is an insincere bill with no chance  of being signed into law.   Mr. Speaker, I call on you to stop the messaging bills and negotiate  with Republicans in the minority to fix our broken immigration system.   