 Madam Speaker, Georgia is home to a vast  agriculture industry with hardworking farmers, ranchers, growers and  processors who contribute to America's economy every day. In the  northeast corner where my district is located, more than 10,000 farm  operators grow everything from peaches to cattle, chickens to  strawberries.   There is no doubt that not enough American workers want to work in  agriculture to fulfill the needs of the industry. Most farmers are  offering competitive wages to attract workers, while at the same time  being conscious of the reality that, when production costs get too high  and they can no longer sell their crops at a competitive rate, they  could be out of business.   Growers are increasingly turning to the H-2A visa program to get the  temporary labor they need, but the program needs reform. The  agricultural industry wants and deserves a streamlined program that  provides more certainty as to the temporary labor needed to sustain  their businesses.   H-2A users have asked Congress for many reforms of the H-2A program.  Unfortunately, despite its proponents' claims, H.R. 5038 doesn't fix  many of the issues with the program, and, in some cases, the bill makes  the problems worse.   Growers have requested permanent, long-term wage rate relief instead  of the unpredictable adverse effect wage rate that H-2A users are  currently required to pay. This change would help farmers plan for the  next growing season without facing increases of 6.2 percent like they  did for fiscal year 2019. H.R. 5038 fails to provide long-term  stability in wage determinations.   H-2A users have asked for litigation reform that protects against  frivolous lawsuits but provides an efficient way to resolve workers'  legitimate issues. H.R. 5038 does exactly the opposite--it subjects H- 2A users to a private right of action in federal court.   Those who use the H-2A program have requested that control of the  program be placed with the cabinet agency that understand growers,  their needs, and their processes. H.R. 5038 doesn't do that.   The agricultural industry has asked that Congress provide access to  the H-2A program for all sectors of agriculture.   H.R. 5038, however, covers the dairy industry, but leaves out other  important sectors like meat and poultry processing, forestry and  aquaculture. Of course, as someone who represents a district where the  poultry industry employs over 16,000 people and is a vital part of our  economy, the fact that meat and poultry processors are left out  represents an enormous problem.   H-2A users have asked for no cap on the program. Where H.R. 5038 does  provide some visas for year-round work, it caps the number initially at  the low rate of 20,000 per year and then reserves half of those for  dairies. So, a measly 10,000 visas per year are provided for all other  year-round agriculture needs. After that, the bill caps any increase at  12.5 percent--yet still reserves half for dairy.   While the 227 pages of H.R. 5038 make many more changes to the H-2A  program--some good and some bad--one need look no further than the  first few pages to figure out the real point of this bill: A path to  citizenship for an unknown number of illegal immigrants who do some  work in agriculture, along with their families.   Of course, we have no idea how many people will take advantage of  this amnesty. Estimates from groups like Farmworker Justice put the  number of farm workers in the U.S. at 2.4 million, while other  estimates reach as high as 2.7 million. Even at the very conservative  estimate that 50 percent of farm workers are here illegally, well over  a million and a half people will get a path to citizenship, and,  because that 50 percent number is from a self-reported survey, we can  expect the number of illegal workers is even higher than that.   What are some other concerns with H.R. 5038? The bill promotes  fraudulent applications through its extremely low document standards  and the ability to withdraw a knowingly false application without  prejudice. The bill allows aliens with multiple DUI convictions and  charges, as well as many other misdemeanor convictions or charges, to  get amnesty. It forgives Social Security fraud and rewards aliens who  engage in such fraud with a path to U.S. citizenship.   The bill defines a ``work day'' as only 5.75 hours long and only  requires 100 of those each year in order to get a path to citizenship.  Better yet, an alien can be exempt from one year of work if they are a  caretaker or are pregnant. The bill doesn't require the alien to pay  back taxes. H.R. 5038 rewards with amnesty those who failed to attend  removal proceedings and those who were removed and illegally reentered  America. The bill even authorizes U.S. taxpayer money to help illegal  [[Page H10082]]  immigrants apply for amnesty and permits DHS to loot up to $10 million  from the fees paid by those seeking legal immigration benefits--such as  naturalization.   There are many more provisions of this bill that concern me. During  the markup, my Judiciary colleagues and I offered amendments aimed at  fixing some of these problems. Our amendments were defeated on party  line votes.   At the outset of this Congress, I expressed to the subcommittee chair  my desire to work together on an agricultural labor reform bill that  has a chance to be enacted. Unfortunately, that didn't happen. My offer  was ignored, and the bill before us is not something I can support.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.  [[Page H10095]]    