 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I want to take the opportunity to join  communities across the country and around the globe to commemorate the  19th observance of World Refugee Day.   Let me start with two sobering statistics from the UN agency charged  with protecting refugees. The first is that 25 people were forced to  flee their homes every minute of last year. The second is that more  than 70 million people have now been forcibly displaced by conflict and  persecution, the highest number the UN refugee agency has ever seen. So  suffice it to say that the global need is real.   Which is why it is so heartbreaking to see Donald Trump's repeated  efforts to try and slam America's doors shut to the world's most  vulnerable.   It is particularly outrageous that the Trump folks aren't even on  track to admit their own historically low cap of 30,000 refugees this  year.   Let's be clear: Turning away refugees isn't some cornerstone of  conservatism. Ronald Reagan admitted tens of thousands of refugees, so  did George W. Bush.   In another era, that would have included my family, who fled Nazi  persecution in the 1930s, seeking sanctuary in this country. I would  have never had the honor of representing my State of Oregon here in  this body had America sent my parents away.   Now, Edith and Peter Wyden aren't exactly household names, but here  are a few that should be: Madeleine Albright, Albert Einstein, Gloria  Estefan, Mila Kunis, and Elie Wiesel.   America is so much the richer for their contributions to diplomacy,  physics, music, film and television, literature, and more.   So there is a practical reason for accepting refugees: Doing so makes  America better.   There is also a moral reason for accepting refugees. Faith traditions  speak of it as a duty to repair the world or to welcome the stranger.  In Oregon, we just call it the right thing to do.   America is better than the administration's cruel and callous  policies. I remain committed to challenging Donald Trump's  exclusionary, anti-refugee policies on all fronts, and I challenge my  colleagues to do the same.   Folks are looking to the Senate for strong, principled leaders. They  want more than rhetoric; they want results.   So I urge my colleagues in the strongest terms to honor this World  Refugee Day by rolling up their sleeves and working to revive America's  historic, bipartisan commitment to the plight of refugees around the  world.   