 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today because America's veterans deserve  America's best. They deserve the best healthcare and the best  government service.   I introduced this bipartisan VA Overpayment Accountability Act with  Congressman French Hill, because sometimes our veterans do not receive  the best.   Through several programs, the Department of Veterans Affairs provides  monthly payments to veterans and other beneficiaries. Because the VA  often relies on outdated systems to provide those payments, those  recipients sometimes receive overpayments at no fault of their own.  When this happens, it is the veteran who pays a price.   In order to compensate for their mistake, the VA will withhold  payment from veterans.   At a time in which 1.4 million veterans across the United States are  struggling with poverty issues, withholding payment can have severe  consequences for Americans who earned these benefits.   Because there is no limit on how much the VA can ask a vet to repay  and no limit on how far back it can go to collect the debt, these sums  can impact the credit and financial stability of veterans.    The VA Overpayment Accountability Act aims to fix these issues by  improving the VA IT systems that are often the cause of these  overpayments. It also provides credit protection for veterans who are  the victims of overpayments and become targets of unfair practices.   As a grateful Nation, we should aim to honor our veterans, not send  debt collectors after them because of a failure at the Department of  Veterans Affairs.   Barbara Kim-Hagemann, the State Commander of the Department of New  Jersey Veterans of Foreign Wars said in her endorsement remarks of this  bill that it is imperative that Congress work to correct ``harsh  Veterans Administration procedures in recouping benefit overpayments  from veterans who are barely living paycheck to paycheck.''   Madam Speaker, on behalf of the thousands of veterans that Barbara  fights for every day and the millions across our country who sacrificed  in their service, I call on my colleagues to join me and Congressman  Hill in this bipartisan effort to make the VA work and honor our  veterans.   