 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3504, which  includes my bipartisan bill, the GI Bill Access to Career Credentials  Act. The GI Bill Access to Career Credentials Act allow veterans to use  their GI Bill benefits to cover the cost of approved preparatory  courses for professional license and certification exams.   Covering these courses under the GI Bill will give veterans and their  eligible family members greater ability to enter careers that require  government-recognized licenses and certifications, such as in-demand  careers in health and technology.   This is not the first time Congress has expanded GI bill benefit to  cover non-tuition expenses. Over the last 75 years, we have broadened  the GI bill to cover college admissions test fees, admissions test  preparatory courses, and the exam fees for licenses and certifications.   And, while more than 5,700 GI Bill students over the last year and a  half used their license and certification exam fees reimbursement  benefit, the courses designed to help them pass these tests were not  reimbursable. That makes no sense. Not all students pass these exams on  the first attempt. If we really want to help our veterans become  licensed and certified for demanding careers, let us help them prepare  to pass the necessary tests.   Let us help them join the more than 25 million veterans and veteran  family members who the GI Bill has helped achieve their educational and  career goals.   My GI Bill Access to Career Credentials Act is supported by the  Veterans of Foreign Wars, National Guard Association, Enlisted  Association of the National Guard, AMVETS, National Military Family  Association, Association of the U.S. Army, Military Order of the Purple  Heart, Fleet Reserve `Association, Reserve Officers Association and  Paralyzed Veterans of America.   I ask my colleagues to support this measure, as well, and H.R. 3504  of which it is a part.   H.R. 3504 expands the VA's Specially Adapted Housing grant program to  reach more veterans who need assistance and improves the Fry  Scholarship program to cover more spouses and children of fallen  servicemembers.   Again, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 3504.   