 Madam Speaker, I rise this afternoon, first, to thank the  gentleman, my friend from the Sixth District of North Carolina,  Congressman Mark Walker, for his leadership in our Republican House  Conference, for his leadership in helping improve the lives of not just  North Carolinians, but every American, and, tonight, for organizing  today's Special Order, ``The People's Night,'' #witthepeople, on a  night we had hoped our President would be here, as tradition requires,  to give the State of the Union.   I want to thank those who are here tonight. We heard from Mr. Johnson  and my colleagues who are speaking tonight on the issues that are so  important to the American people. Whether it is jobs, better wages, a  stronger economy, more affordable and accessible healthcare, supporting  resources for our troops and veterans, securing our border, standing  with Israel,  [[Page H1274]]  or, as Mr. Johnson pointed out, protecting the lives of the innocent  unborn, I am proud to join you in this fight.   Let's talk about the economy and jobs. We have seen such dramatic  difference the last 2 years. Remember, before that, the economy had  struggled for more than a decade. Every expert in Washington was  telling the American people: Just get used to that. Get used to your  paychecks being flat. Get used to jobs moving overseas. Get used to  your kids coming out of school with fair to low opportunities. That is  the new normal.   Well, Republicans and President Trump believed there was a better  future, a brighter future for America, so we went to work. As a result,  because of our commitment to lifting red tape off of our local small  businesses and delivering the first overhaul of our Tax Code in more  than 30 years, America is back, and the American people are doing  better because of it: wages are rising the fastest in a decade;  America's economy is growing the fastest in more than a decade; and  unemployment is at one of the lowest levels in decades.   We did this by working with President Trump to lift more than $33  billion in red tape off our local businesses so they can hire again, so  they can grow again.   Then we tackled this terrible Tax Code that had been placed, and put  in place one that lowers taxes for all Americans, that helps small  businesses grow and invest, that doubles the child tax credit, that  doubles the standard deductions and changes the dynamics so that jobs  investment comes back to America rather than just being stranded  overseas. And, boy, what a difference it is making.   Due to the Republican pro-growth policies and President Trump's tax  cuts, our economy exceeded 3 percent growth over the past year. That  never happened under our previous President. So much for that new  normal of slow growth.   More than 5 million jobs have been created since President Trump was  elected, including more than 2.5 million since the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act was signed into law. Last week, our unemployment jobless claims  were at a 50-year low. That is a 50-year best for that.   The unemployment rate for African Americans fell to the lowest rate  ever on record. For Asian and Hispanic Americans, their unemployment  rates are the best we have seen in decades.   For those who are disabled, for those coming out of prison, for those  without high school educations, for those who are teenagers, the job  opportunities are the best they have seen in decades. The unemployment  rate, in some cases, is the best since we have started recording it.   And the group I watched the most, sort of the underdogs in every  community, are those who didn't even get a chance to finish high school  or get a GED, that are always the first to be laid off, always the last  to be rehired. Well, under this new economy, the unemployment for those  without a high school degree is the best since America started  recording it.   So our brothers and sisters in our communities and neighborhoods have  more job opportunities than they have seen in a long time, and their  paychecks are going up as well, the fastest in more than a decade.   It had been stuck flat for so many Americans for so long, it just was  hard for families to make ends meet. But now, with higher paychecks and  a tax cut for over 90 percent of American workers, families now have a  budget that goes a little farther each week, where they can invest in  themselves and their American Dream rather than in Washington's dream.   Consumer confidence has soared. American manufacturing is back. In  fact, the National Association of Manufacturers, their index has the  highest annual growth in jobs in history, over the past year. In fact,  last year, manufacturing in America added almost 290,000 new jobs.   Finally, small business optimism is through the roof. They are  investing and hiring and growing again on Main Streets all across  America.   This didn't happen by accident. Republicans working closely with  President Trump decided there was a brighter future for America. We  could get out of the doldrums. We could give people opportunities. We  could boost their paycheck, and we could bring jobs back from overseas.  That is the difference the last 2 years has made for America.   And when the State of the Union is held, President Trump, from the  dais behind me, can talk about the huge difference he has made in the  American economy and what it means for working families and small  businesses along Main Street.   Madam Speaker, I again thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Walker) for his leadership and for organizing the People's Night, and I  am proud to be part of it.   