 Madam Speaker, I thank the chair for yielding. I thank  Congressman Lamb for his leadership on this bill. I thank Congressman  Roe for his leadership on this. I want to also thank Chairwoman Debbie  Wasserman Schultz on our appropriations bill. We continue to invest  into the whole veteran.   I think it has been articulated here that we want the VA system to be  the most innovative system that we have, and I believe that the Whole  Veteran Act is a step in that direction.   I have been researching and writing about some of these integrative  health techniques around meditation, around yoga, around nutrition,  around having health coaches, and to watch these vets transform after  years and years and years of suffering is the most touching, the most  inspirational thing we can do.   I have been in yoga classes where the teacher is a vet who, just  years before, was kicking down doors in Iraq. Double amputee, and he is  teaching yoga to veterans, and they are healing from post-traumatic  stress.   This, to me, is what the government is all about. How do we get these  government programs, these government facilities on the cutting edge,  not just in healthcare, but all across the board? That is what this act  is doing. It is going to save us money.   The default position for vets should not be how many prescription  drugs can we get them on.   This is going to save us money. This is getting these vets their  lives back. This is reconnecting them to their families, to their kids,  to their spouses, to their communities. This is the most inspirational  thing happening in government today.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Tracy Gaudet, who is leading patient- centered care in the VA. She has been plugging away at this for years.  This is a step in the right direction.   Madam Speaker, I can't thank the chairman enough. I hope we continue  to go down this road.    Madam Speaker, I know the Secretary of the VA. We have  disagreements with him, but he, himself, has testified before our  committee talking about these programs and about the importance of  these programs.   If you want to be inspired, go sit in a meditation class with a  Vietnam vet who has been traumatized for years and listen to them tell  you about how these practices have healed them and have fixed their  problems and reconnected them back to their families.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank everybody for their leadership on  this, and we will continue to try to support it from the appropriations  side.   