 Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker Pelosi for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it is really a special moment for all of us to pay  tribute to Don Young for this great achievement, being the longest  serving Republican in the House, especially for someone who loves this  institution so much. As we talked about John Dingell and had the honor  of serving with John Dingell in the House Energy and Commerce Committee  and seeing his passion, not just for the issues he believed in, in  fighting for the auto industry and so many other issues, but for his  love of the people's House, Don Young has that same love. In fact,  anybody who knows Don Young knows that his secrets to longevity are  always speaking his mind,  [[Page H2390]]  fighting every day to be a champion for the great people of Alaska, and  always speaking his mind.   On a somber note, Don started his career out of a tragedy. A lot of  you remember that back in October of 1972, there was a plane crash in  Alaska. Nicholas Begich and Hale Boggs, who at the time was the  majority leader, went down in a plane crash. There was a massive search  to try to find the plane. They never did find that plane. Ultimately,  when they finally recognized that we had lost two great leaders, they  had special elections.   I get to serve and actually work every day in the office that Hale  Boggs once worked in, the same office that Majority Leader Hoyer worked  in as well, and I think about Hale a lot, as we think about Nicholas  Begich as well. But I know Don was elected in a special election. That  is when he came to Congress. Somebody else came to Congress: Hale  Boggs' wife, Lindy Boggs, who some of you may have served with. They  are probably too very different personalities, but they formed a  special bond because of the unique nature in which they came to  Congress. He shared with me some of those stories.   It just shows you how sometimes our differences can, ultimately,  bring us together to at least pay tribute not only to an institution,  but to respect our backgrounds and how we all come here from different  walks of life. Ultimately, it is our desire to serve the people who we  represent.   That is the thing I love the most about serving with Don Young. It is  that he has such a passion. He fights for his beliefs, and he works  with other people.   We all know that, for 37 years, one of his great causes was to open  up ANWR. Finally, we were on the White House lawn in December 2017 to  have that ceremony and watch Don Young giddy as a schoolchild as the  President was making that announcement, and then to see him still this  day, and every day, come to work with the passion of representing the  great people of Alaska and continuing to work with all of us on all the  different issues that we come here to address.   As we celebrate this great achievement, I think, as we all know, he  comes and sits in that same spot and he yells ``order,'' and he yells a  few other things, and he pushes us all to do our job in a much more  efficient way. But how fitting it is that the United States' largest  State has such a larger than life personality as its representative.   Congratulations, Don. It is an honor to serve with you.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois for  those kind comments. Go Tigers.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this bill that instead  of being called For the People Act should be called ``For the  Politicians Act.'' Let's take a look at some of the provisions of this  bill that involve a Federal takeover of the elections process.   First of all, section 5111 of the bill will allow billions of dollars  of taxpayer money to be funneled into political campaign accounts. That  is your hard-earned dollars, in many cases, going to fund a candidate  for office that you oppose. Think about that.   Now let's look at section 1402 of this bill, Mr. Chairman, where they  allow felons to vote. Let's take, for example, a State that might have  a law against felons voting, heavily debated in the State, where they  are allowed that ability to set their laws enshrined by the  Constitution. Here comes the Federal Government telling a State, for  example, that if somebody went to Federal prison for voter fraud, they  now have to let them be involved in the political process and vote,  even though their own State law prohibits that person who was a felon  for voter fraud.   One thing we can't even get an answer on--and there are many,  unfortunately--we can't even get an answer on the cost of this bill.  Many estimates are that it will be billions of dollars, but nobody can  truly tell you because they continue to make changes after changes  without even going through the normal committee process that should  have been done.   If you look at the felons who can vote, think, for example, Mr.  Chairman, a State--and many States have laws against felons who are  child molesters from going into public schools. In many places, the  polling location is a school. Under this bill, if someone who is  convicted as a felon of molesting children and is banned by that State  from going into the school, if they show up on election day, now, under  this law, they have a hall pass. They can go into the school because of  this new Federal law where the State said that child molester shouldn't  be allowed in the school.   Again, it goes on and on, the kinds of things you can't even get  clear answers on.   What would the cost be? Because they tell you the felons would be  able to vote in the Federal election, but if your State law says they  can't vote, then you have to have multiple ballots. If somebody shows  up to vote, the State is going to have to try to figure this out at  what cost to the State, not only the billions it costs the taxpayers?   This bill enshrines voter fraud in so many different places. Many  States have voter integrity laws to make sure that the person who votes  is the person who is the name on the roll. This says you don't even  have to have an ID if the State has a voter ID law. You can show up and  just sign your name. You can say this is who I am, and you can vote.  The Federal law overrides the State law in this case.     Finally, I would like to talk about the constitutional  infringements. And don't take it from me. Let's take groups as  divergent as the ACLU and National Right to Life that all cite serious  First Amendment concerns.   ACLU says provisions ``unconstitutionally impinge on the free speech  [[Page H2403]]  rights of American citizens and public interest organizations.''   National Right to Life: Enactment of H.R. 1 ``would not be a curb on  corruption, but itself a type of corruption, an abuse of the lawmaking  power, by which incumbent lawmakers employ the threat of criminal  sanctions . . . to reduce the amount of private speech regarding the  actions of the lawmakers themselves.''   This is a bad bill. It ought to be rejected.   