 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my bipartisan amendment  establishes a moratorium on seismic testing in the Atlantic Ocean.   I would like to begin by thanking my friends, Chairman Lowenthal,  Chairman Grijalva, and Congressman Cunningham, for leading this bill  and for working with me on this provision. I also thank my cosponsors,  Congressmen Smith, Beyer, and Van Drew, for  [[Page H7620]]  their partnership and for their longstanding commitments to leading on  this issue.   During seismic testing, ships pull giant airguns through the ocean  that release loud, pressurized blasts of air into the seafloor in  search of oil and gas. The best evidence from scientists tells us that  noise from these airguns can disturb, injure, or kill marine animals  from zooplankton, the base of the food web, all the way up to large  whales. In addition, airgun noise can reduce catch rates for fish and  disrupt essential behaviors in marine mammals, including dolphins and  whales.   I believe we need to be building a clean energy future, but seismic  airgun blasts lay the groundwork for more dangerous fossil fuel  extraction that is bad for our economy and for the environment.   I am proud to support H.R. 1941, the Coastal and Marine Economies  Protection Act, because I share the concerns of so many of my own  constituents who have reached out to me urging Congress to reject  proposals that open our waters and coastlines to expanded offshore  drilling.   In the 7 years following the 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon disaster, the  U.S. oil and gas industry experienced more than 4,000 explosions,  collisions, and related incidents, including 34 oil spills of more than  2,000 gallons each.   This bill will help us end these disasters once and for all, and I  thank my friend Congressman Cunningham for his leadership here. My  bipartisan amendment takes an extra step to make this legislation  stronger yet.   Even if we ban offshore drilling, the Department of the Interior's  Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, BOEM, could still issue permits for  seismic testing in the Atlantic. We know, for example, that BOEM is  currently reviewing applications from seismic testing companies looking  for oil and gas beneath the Atlantic Ocean floor.   A legal prohibition on seismic testing, which my amendment includes,  is the surest way to prevent such testing in the Atlantic, protecting  our environment, marine life, and the health, safety, and livelihoods  of millions of people involved in tourism, recreation, fishing, and  associated sectors. My bipartisan amendment is about saving the whales  for sure, but it is also about saving people, saving our economy, and  saving our planet.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his  comments. I would only point out that the seismic testing involved in  preparing for possible offshore wind is orders of magnitude less  disruptive. It is not at all comparable to the seismic testing done for  oil and gas exploration, and it doesn't have an anywhere similar level  of harm, and that is why it is a different matter.   I appreciate the gentleman's comments, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Beyer), my esteemed colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his  tremendous leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   