 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I come  to the floor to, first, compliment Senator Durbin on his remarkable  story and his family's story about legal immigration to this country.  It is something I support. I think we should all consider it a  compliment when people want to leave the countries of their births to  come to the United States, for they know what we know--that it is a  great place in which to live and thrive.   I have a concern with the unanimous consent request before us, the  RELIEF Act. Senator Durbin and I have worked on a couple of immigration  issues on which we have bridged the gap but have not quite gotten  there.   First off, it could lay the groundwork for a significant increase in  legal immigration, but I am also concerned with the mechanics we find  ourselves in right now. As I understand it, the RELIEF Act has six  cosponsors--all Democrats. Yet there is another bill that is moving  through the Senate right now that was offered by Senator Lee. It has  been offered in other Congresses, but it is actually making headway. It  has 35 cosponsors, and 15 of them are Democrats. They include Senator  Harris, of California, and Senator Duckworth, the junior Senator of  Illinois. I believe this is a very narrowly focused effort to address a  lot of the concerns that Senator Durbin has.   I do not believe Senator Durbin has the support of the Senate to take  this through regular order at this point, let alone through unanimous  consent. I hope Senator Durbin and others will recognize that we do  have a shortage of high-skilled workers in this country and that we do  need to fix a number of problems, but I don't think they can be fixed  with the RELIEF Act.   I encourage Senator Durbin to work with Senator Lee and with the 34  other Senate Members on a bipartisan basis to address this so we can  bring the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act to the floor and  send it to the House for its consideration.   Because of the lack of consensus on many of the provisions in the  RELIEF Act, I object.    Mr. President, I come to talk about another issue of  immigration that concerns me in North Carolina, and I think it is  something about which every American should be concerned. It is the  sanctuary policies that have been implemented in counties and cities  and, at least in one case, statewide.   ``Sanctuary city'' sounds like a great concept as the United States  is a sanctuary to which so many people seek to immigrate. Yet the  policy of the sanctuary city actually breaks down the relationship  between Federal authorities and local authorities. I think this is  dangerous and could potentially--and not only potentially--have serious  consequences in communities. I will use a few examples.   Over the past year in North Carolina, we have had over 500 people who  have been released who had been arrested by local authorities. Many of  them had been arrested for having committed serious crimes. They had  been charged with murder, rape, indecent liberties  [[Page S6417]]  with a child, heroin trafficking--a very, very long list--in cities  just 25 minutes from where I live, down in Charlotte, in Mecklenburg  County. They arrest people but not simply because they are illegally  present. In fact, you can find virtually no instance in which a local  authority would arrest somebody just because one is illegally present.  The people who are in these jails have been charged with crimes, and in  many cases they have been serious crimes.   Two weeks ago in Mecklenburg County, the Mecklenburg County sheriff  had made the decision to release four people--one who had been charged  with murder, two who had been charged with indecent liberties with a  minor, and one who had been charged with heroin trafficking. They had  been illegally present but had not been in jail because they had simply  crossed the border or had had their visas expire. They had been in jail  because they had committed serious crimes.   When Immigration and Customs Enforcement hears about these folks who  have been detained, they issue what they call detainer orders. A  detainer order is a request to hold a person in jail for at least 48  hours so ICE can go to the jail, interview him, and determine whether  they want to transfer him into ICE's custody and potentially deport  him.   This is a very dangerous policy that has actually, ultimately,  resulted in other people being harmed. Think about those people being  released who have been charged with rape or murder or heroin  trafficking. They go back into the community and cause harm to someone  else.   What I have decided we need to do is to at least provide a private  right of civil action to a victim of that unwise decision. If that  charged murderer or heroin trafficker goes out and assaults someone or  murders someone--in some cases, someone who has a DWI is charged with  vehicular homicide and goes back out and while under the influence  harms someone else in, say, an automobile accident--I think the person  who gets harmed or, sadly, his survivor should be able to bring a case  against that governmental entity that has the sanctuary policy.   For those who think sanctuary policies are safe and that only safe  people are being released, this shouldn't be an issue to them--right?-- because no harm is going to occur. Yet, if harm occurs, I believe the  victim should have a right to seek restitution.   Our bill is fairly simple. It is called the Justice for Victims of  Sanctuary Cities Act. It is a bill that reads, if you as a governmental  entity refuse to cooperate with ICE and then release someone who does  harm to someone else, that person has the right to sue that  governmental entity.   Our governments in the United States--the local governments and State  governments--have the right to say they are immune, that they can't be  sued. They have that right, and I respect that right. Yet, if they  refuse to allow themselves to build their cases in court and say that  what they did was appropriate and safe, then it should come at the  consequence of the Federal funding for which they would otherwise be  qualified to receive.   Again, if sanctuary cities are safe and if all we are doing is  releasing people who are not threats to the community, this should be a  nonissue for any sanctuary jurisdiction. It would only be an issue if  there is a victim as a result of the jurisdiction's political  decisions.   That is why we have introduced the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary  Cities Act. In fact, we listened to some of the sanctuary  jurisdictions, and they said: Well, we could get into legal trouble if  we hold them for 48 hours, and for that reason we release them after a  judge has ordered their release.   We have another bill that addresses that problem so that liability  will go away. We are hearing what they have to say and trying to  address it in additional legislation.   But I think this is a bill that makes sense, and I think it is  something that law enforcement, county commissions, and city councils  should take a look at.   I think they should work with ICE. Here is the last reason why I  think working with ICE is very important: ICE has a legal  responsibility to pursue these people if they are released by the local  government.   Here is what happens. You release somebody who is charged with murder  or vehicular homicide or heroin trafficking or rape. You release them  in the community, and ICE has to go pursue them in the community.   So instead of allowing ICE to go into a jail and have a safe transfer  from one jail into the ICE detainee system, they have to actually  create a task force. They have got to go into a community, and they  have to apprehend them. They have a statutory responsibility to do  that.   Ironically, in some of those instances, the very law enforcement  agency that released them now has to go into the field and back them up  if it is a dangerous situation when they are trying to apprehend this  person whom ICE has a legal responsibility to apprehend.   I think this is a commonsense bill. Hopefully, it is one that will  give sanctuary cities some pause before they release somebody charged  with murder or rape or heroin trafficking--a potentially dangerous  person--back into the community, whom the Federal authorities have to  pursue no matter what.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2059 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.   I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Mr. President, maybe just to add another chapter to that  story, first, we did have a hearing on this bill about 2 weeks ago in  Judiciary. That is the first step before you move to a markup.   I will be asking for a markup on this bill because I think it is a  bill that is a commonsense bill. It is a bill that actually has a safe- harbor provision for people in the community who may be illegally  present who want to work with law enforcement. We are listening to the  concerns that law enforcement have expressed. We have addressed them,  like so many times we have addressed these sorts of matters before.   So we will have a markup on the bill, we will have a vote out of  committee, and I hope that we have a vote on this floor, because at the  end of the day, some of the examples that Senator Durbin noted are sad  and should be avoided, but the real sad examples are the people who are  dying, being raped, and being poisoned by people who were detained and  could have been transferred into ICE custody and deported to make our  communities safer, including the communities of illegally present  people, who are less safe as a result of the current sanctuary  policies.   I yield the floor.   