 Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by expressing my  appreciation, as I discuss the defense portion of this bill, to my  ranking member, Mr. Calvert. He has made it easy to continue the  collegiality, transparency, and bipartisanship that is a hallmark of  the Defense Subcommittee. He is a wonderful partner.   I also do want to express my gratitude to Chairwoman Lowey, Ranking  Member Granger, and the other members of the subcommittee and full  committee for their efforts. I want to also thank the staff. This  legislation would not be possible without their outstanding effort.   At this time, I would like to highlight some of the elements of this  legislation that deal with the well-being and morale of those in  uniform.   The bill provides a 3.1 percent pay raise for our women and men in  uniform. This is the largest increase in basic pay since 2010. The  report expresses, however, support for a 3.1 percent pay increase for  DOD civilian employees as well.   We rely on DOD civilians to work side by side with military  personnel. The administration's refusal to request an increase in pay  for Federal employees devalues the important work done by these public  servants. Congress must rectify this failure.   I believe that access to affordable and quality childcare is vital to  retention for All-Volunteer Forces, particularly for mid-career  personnel. Thousands of military children are waitlisted for childcare  development centers, and I am disappointed that the services have  failed to meaningfully address this serious problem. To get at the  backlog, the bill provides an additional $70.7 million for upgrades to  military childcare facilities.   The pervasiveness of sexual assault amongst servicemembers is deeply  abhorrent. It is disheartening that the most recent report on this  subject shows that sexual assaults across the U.S. military increased  by a rate of 38 percent last year, with over two-thirds of assaults  going unreported.   The bill provides $297.2 million for Sexual Assault Prevention and  Response programs at the service level, $13.5 million above the fiscal  year 2019-enacted level. It also provides an additional $35 million for  the Special Victims Counsel and $3 million for the Sexual Trauma  Response and Treatment pilot program.   The bill provides $1.26 billion for environmental restoration  activities, which is $188 million above the current request.   There are also several actions taken in the bill that I believe are  important to highlight as an appropriator and as a member of the  legislative branch.   In recent years, the Department has viewed report language as  suggestive and, on several occasions, has taken action in contravention  of it or simply ignored congressional direction in the report. It is  unacceptable, and it must stop. Report language is directive; it is not  permissive.   I would also point out that the budget justifications should be  complete in detail. In many instances, they continue to be lacking.   For example, there was a $72 million request to establish a Space  Force, but the Department was unable to answer basic questions about  the structure of the force, nor could they provide detailed long-term  costs.   Another example would be the proposed reorganization of the Military  Health System. In its 2020 request, the Department requested a  significant amount of money for the reorganization and proposed major  reductions in healthcare billets. Yet, it could not answer basic  questions about how the reorganization would affect servicemembers and  beneficiaries.   This legislation also takes steps to return to balance the  relationship between the executive and legislative branches in response  to the administration's unconstitutional use of dollars appropriated  for the military to fund the construction of a wall on our southern  border. If Congress appropriates funds for a designated and authorized  purpose, it is not lawful for those funds to be used in contravention  of the law.   In closing, I reiterate my thanks to Mr. Calvert and the members of  our subcommittee, as well as our wonderful staff for their exceptional  work, dedication, and long hours.   I look forward to the debate on our amendments.   Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by expressing appreciation to  Ranking Member Calvert. He has made it easy to continue the  collegiality, transparency, and bipartisanship that is the hallmark of  the Defense Subcommittee.   I also would like to express my gratitude to Chairwoman Lowey,  Ranking Member Granger, and the other Members of the Subcommittee for  their efforts. And thank you to the Subcommittee staff, particularly  the clerks, Becky Leggieri and Leslie Albright, as well as Walter  Hearne, Brooke Boyer, Ariana Sarar, Jackie Ripke, David Bortnick, Matt  Bower, Bill Adkins, Jennifer Chartrand, Hayden Milberg, Paul Kilbride,  Shannon Richter, Sherry Young, Kyle McFarland, Johnnie Kaberle, Kiya  Batmanglidj, and Jamie McCormick. I would also like to acknowledge the  personal office staff, Joe DeVooght, Preston Rackauskas, Rebecca  Keightley, and Christopher Romero. This legislation would not be  possible without their outstanding effort.   The bill would provide $690.2 billion for the Department of Defense,  which is $15.8 billion above the fiscal year 2019 enacted level and $8  billion below the request. The base funding recommendation is $622.1  billion, which is $15.6 billion above the fiscal year 2019 enacted  level and $88.2 billion above the request. The overseas contingency  operations recommendation is $68.1 billion, which is $165 million above  the fiscal year 2019 enacted level and $96.2 billion below the request.   This bill supports the Department of Defense's effort to align its  resources with the National Defense Strategy. This strategy redirects  the Department's primary focus toward the challenges posed by great  powers such as  [[Page H4456]]  China and Russia, and their efforts to counter and challenge the  technological and operational superiority long enjoyed by the United  States military. This technological overmatch can no longer be assumed,  and this bill provides funding to develop and field new weapon systems  and capabilities to address these new challenges. To support this  forward-looking posture, the bill makes major investments in  procurement and research and development.   Rather than focus my remarks on those investments, which have been  detailed in several documents released by the Committee to the public,  I am instead going to run through some of the efforts in this  legislation that deal with the well-being and morale of those in  uniform, their families, DoD civilians, and defense communities.   The bill provides a 3.1 percent pay raise for our women and men in  uniform. This is the largest increase in basic pay since 2010 and  maintains the Committee's commitment to ensuring our all-volunteer  force is compensated for their sacrifices.   The report expresses support for a 3.1 percent pay increase for DoD  civilian employees. We rely on DoD civilians to work side-by-side with  military personnel to provide medical care for our troops, to perform  vital logistics, maintenance, acquisition, and other essential  services. The Administration's refusal to request an increase in pay  for federal employees devalues the important work done by these public  servants and I hope this Congress will ultimately rectify that in this  year's appropriations measures.   I believe that access to affordable and quality childcare is vital to  retention in the all-volunteer force, particularly for mid-career  enlisted and officers. Thousands of military children, including over  9,000 whose parents serve in the Navy, are waitlisted for Childcare  Development Centers. I am disappointed that with such demonstrated need  the military services' requests for childcare facilities were  relatively unchanged from prior years. To get at this backlog, the bill  provides an additional $70. 7 million for upgrades to military  childcare facilities, which is complementary to an effort included in  the FY20 Military Construction Appropriation measure to accelerate the  construction of new Childcare Development Centers.   The pervasiveness of sexual assault amongst service members is deeply  abhorrent and it is disheartening that the most recent report on the  subject shows that sexual assaults across the U.S. military increased  by a rate of nearly 38 percent in 2018, with over two-thirds of  assaults going unreported, The bill provides $297.2 million for Sexual  Assault Prevention and Response programs at the Service level, $13.5  million above the FY19 enacted level and equal to the request. It also  provides an additional $35 million for Special Victims Counsel for  victims of sexual assault and $3 million for a Sexual Trauma Treatment  Pilot Program for treatment of members of the Armed Forces for PTSD  Related to Military Sexual Trauma.   The bill provides $1.26 billion for environmental restoration  activities, which is $188 million above the request. This includes $13  million for a nationwide health study on the implications of PFOS/PFOA  at former and current domestic military installations. Further, the  report directs the Department to achieve a drinking water cleanup  standard equal to or better than the EPA health advisory level for  federally controlled sites and surrounding communities whose water  sources were contaminated because of Department activities.   I believe these efforts and several others within the bill will have  an immediate positive impact on people's quality of life.   There are also several actions taken in the bill that I believe are  important to highlight as an Appropriator and a Member of the  Legislative Branch.   In recent years, the Department has viewed report language as  suggestive, and on several occasions has taken actions in direct  contravention or simply ignored Congressional direction in the report.  That is unacceptable and must stop. Report language is directive, not  permissive.   For example, in FY19 the Committee Report expressed significant  displeasure with the inadequate budget justification by the Department  of Defense. There have been improvements in certain areas, but a number  of major proposals put forth by the DoD in the FY20 budget were  incredibly lacking in detail. For example, there was a $72 million  request to establish a Space Force, but the Department was unable to  answer basic questions about the structure of the force, nor could the  detail long-term costs. Because of that uncertainty, the Committee only  provides $15 million for Space Force.   Another example would be the proposed reorganization of the Military  Health System. This reorganization was mandated in the 2017 Defense  Authorization Act. In its FY20 request the Department requested a  significant amount of money for the reorganization and proposed a major  reduction in healthcare billets. Yet it could not answer basic  questions about how the reorganization would affect service members and  beneficiaries. Of particular concern to the Committee were impacts to  pediatrics, maternity care, and mental health. The legislation halts  the reorganization until those questions can be answered.   Further, this legislation takes several steps to return to balance  the relationship between the Executive and Legislative Branch, in  response to the Administration's unconstitutional use of dollars  appropriated for the military to fund the construction of the wall on  the southern border. The Constitution gives the Congress the power of  the purse. And if Congress appropriates funds for a designated and  authorized purpose, it is not lawful for those funds to be used in  contravention of that direction.   Specifically, the bill reduces the amount of money the Department can  move between accounts by 75 percent from the FY 2019 levels. This  reduction leaves the Department with $1.5 billion in general transfer  authority, which allows for the meeting of urgent and emergent military  requirements. The legislation also increases the notification  requirements and requires additional detail be provided to Congress in  order for the Department to reprogram funding or start a new program.  These are not actions that were taken lightly, but are absolutely  necessary in order to allow Congress to carry out its Article I  responsibilities.   Finally, I feel compelled to spend a moment discussing the issue that  has been an albatross around this Committee's neck since August 2,  2011, the Budget Control Act (BCA). In past years, I have bemoaned the  sheer lunacy of the BCA and how it has made this Committee's work that  much more difficult. Unfortunately, that dynamic remains until Congress  and the President come together and find a solution to the BCA caps for  FY20 and FY21. I understand that this is not a simple matter. However,  I fail to see the benefit from delaying the conversation any longer.   In closing, I would like to again reiterate my thanks to Members and  staff that logged the long hard hours required to put this product  together and I look forward to debate on the amendments.   