 Mr. President, today I join with my colleague Senator  Whitehouse, the city of Providence, and the State of Rhode Island in  celebrating the 200th anniversary of the founding of the Congdon Street  Baptist Church, Rhode Island's oldest Black congregation. For  generations, it has been a spiritual home for the community and an  unwavering beacon for religious and civil liberties in Rhode Island.   The church's founding members left the First Baptist Church, where  they were forced to attend segregated services, and established their  own house of worship in 1819. Initially named the African Union Meeting  House, the church aimed to provide a place of worship and schooling for  Black Americans. This mission positioned the congregation as a focal  point of the African-American community and paved the way for its  continuing advocacy for meaningful social change.   As one of the earliest African-American churches in the State and the  first schoolhouse for African-American children in Providence, the  African Union  [[Page S5572]]  Meeting House opened its doors to a variety of different denominations.  Beyond these religious and educational roles, the church offered a  meeting place for African Americans to discuss civil rights and other  vital issues and hosted literary clubs, youth groups, and numerous  other social organizations.   Unfortunately, the original church structure, which was renamed the  Meeting Street Baptist Church in 1840, was torn down in the 1860s  without the congregation's approval amid tensions with its White  neighbors. However, the congregation persevered, and a new structure  was built on a nearby plot of land in 1875.   The new church was renamed the Congdon Street Baptist Church and to  this day continues to be a pillar of support and advocacy for Rhode  Island's African-American community. Its congregants supported Black  Brown University students during their 1968 walkout protesting the  university's lack of recruitment of and support for students of color.  In a testament to Congdon Street Baptist Church's importance to Black  Rhode Islanders, the students chose to march from the university to the  church and remained there until their demands for change were met.  During the mid-20th century, congregants also pressured the State to  investigate and end discrimination in employment and marched with Dr.  Martin Luther King, Jr. More recently, the church has, among its  numerous activities, increased its outreach to college students,  embarked on mission trips to help disadvantaged communities around the  world, and tutored local children in reading, math, and writing.   Today, after 200 years of worship and public service, Congdon Street  Baptist Church continues to uplift our State while adhering to its  vision of being a ``radically authentic community.'' I join community  members in Providence and Rhode Islanders across the State in  congratulating Pastor Justin R. Lester and the entire Congdon Street  Baptist Church congregation on this significant milestone.   