 Madam President, let me thank Senator Lee and Senator  Chris Murphy for their outstanding and consistent leadership on this  issue. At a time when the country bemoans the fact that there is not a  lot of bipartisanship, this effort indicates that people with very  different political philosophies can come together on an issue of  enormous magnitude. I do want to thank Mike Lee for his great work on  this.   I rise today to speak in support of overriding the President's veto  of S.J. Res. 7. On April 16, despite telling us that he is opposed to  ``endless wars,'' President Trump used the second veto of his  Presidency to reject S.J. Res. 7, which directs the removal of U.S.  Armed Forces from the Saudi-led intervention in the Republic of Yemen,  a war that began 4 years ago. The vote on that resolution that was  passed here in the Senate was 54 to 46--all Democrats voting for it and  7 Republicans  [[Page S2590]]  voting for it. The resolution passed the House on April 4 by a  bipartisan vote of 247 to 175.   The current situation in Yemen is the worst humanitarian disaster on  Earth. In March of 2015, under the leadership of Muhammad bin Salman-- then Saudi Arabian Defense Minister and now the Crown Prince--a Saudi- led intervention in Yemen's ongoing civil war took place.   According to the United Nations, Yemen is at risk of the most severe  famine in more than 100 years, with some 14 million people--this is a  small, poor country--some 14 million people now face starvation as a  result of this war, this Saudi-led intervention we are supporting.   According to the Save the Children organization, some 85,000 children  have already starved to death, and millions more face death if the war  continues.   It gets much worse than that. A new United Nations-commissioned  report, just published by the University of Denver, states that the  impact of this war on civilians--particularly children--is actually far  more serious than previously thought. If this war continues, the report  estimates that by the end of 2019, it will have taken the lives of some  219,000 people in Yemen, including 140,000 children under the age of 5.  According to this report, every 12 minutes, a Yemeni child is dying as  a result of this war.   The magnitude of the suffering in that country is literally  unimaginable. We are talking about the possibility of millions of  people starving to death and of hundreds of thousands of people dying  by the end of this year.   The fact is that the United States, with relatively little media  attention, has been Saudi Arabia's partner in this horrific war. We  have been providing the bombs the Saudi-led coalition is using. We have  been refueling their planes before they drop those bombs. We have been  assisting with intelligence. In many cases, our weapons are being used  to kill women and children.   Late last year, I met with several brave Yemeni human rights  activists. They had come to urge Congress to put a stop to this war,  and they told me clearly that when Yemenis see ``Made in the U.S.A.''  on the bombs that are killing them, it tells them that the U.S.A. is  responsible for this war, and that is a sad and tragic truth.   The bottom line is that the United States should not be supporting a  catastrophic war led by a despotic regime with a dangerous and  irresponsible foreign policy.   Issue No. 1 is the horrific tragedy we are contributing to in Yemen.   Issue No. 2 is equally important, and that is that the involvement of  the United States in this war is clearly unconstitutional.   I hear many of my Republican friends claim they are strict  constitutionalists. If you are a strict constitutionalist, voting to  override Trump's veto should be a no-brainer because this war has not  been authorized by Congress. It is unconstitutional.   Let me remind my colleagues who may have forgotten what is in the  U.S. Constitution. Article I, section 8 states clearly that ``Congress  shall have power to . . . declare war.'' While the President has the  authority over the conduct of war once it has been declared, the  Founding Fathers gave the power to authorize military conflicts to  Congress--the branch most accountable to the people. Under the War  Powers Act of 1973, the assignment of a member of the U.S. Armed Forces  to ``command, coordinate, participate in the movement of, or  accompany'' another country's military during a war constitutes the  introduction of the United States into a conflict. Our military  involvement in the war in Yemen, which has included logistical and  intelligence support, as well as aerial refueling of Saudi war planes,  clearly meets this definition.   For far too long, the Congress, under both Democratic and Republican  administrations, has abdicated its constitutional role with regard to  the authorization of war. The historic passage of this resolution--the  first time since the 1973 War Powers Resolution was passed that it has  been successfully used to withdraw the United States from an  unauthorized war--was a long-overdue step by Congress to reassert its  constitutional authority.   Finally, after years of abdicating that responsibility, Congress  stood up, in the Senate and in the House, and said: Mr. President, you  do not have the power to get U.S. troops involved in a war that we did  not vote upon. And that is a big deal. Congress is finally doing what  the Constitution of the United States mandates that it do. Within a  half hour or so, the Senate must act to protect that constitutional  responsibility by overriding the President's veto.   I respect that there are Members of this body who voted against the  initial resolution and that you support U.S. intervention in Yemen for  one of a number of reasons, and I respect your point of view, but if  you think the United States should be involved in the Saudi-led war in  Yemen, bring that resolution to the floor of the Senate. Let's have  that debate. You explain to the American people why we should be  spending significant amounts of money and putting American military  lives in danger and why you think it is a good idea. Come to the  floor--that is what the Constitution says you should do--and let us  vote that issue up or down. Maybe you win. Maybe you won't win. I think  you won't win, but maybe you will. But let's have that debate. What is  absolutely clear is that is the responsibility of the Senate and the  House, and the President alone cannot decide when he wants to send  American troops into conflict.   The last point I want to make is that this vote this afternoon must  make clear to Saudi Arabia that we will not continue to follow their  lead into disastrous military interventions. Let us be very clear.  Saudi Arabia is a despotic dictatorship that works overtime to prevent  any movement in that country toward democracy. That is a country run by  an incredibly wealthy family. I think Muhammad bin Salman has the  distinction of owning both the largest yacht and the largest house in  the world. They have endless wealth, and now they are using their  wealth and power in a dangerous and irresponsible military  intervention.   Saudi Arabia is a nation that treats women not as second-class  citizens but as third-class citizens. It is a nation that 7 months ago  murdered a journalist in cold blood in its own consulate in Turkey and  then dismembered his body. That was the signal to any dissident in  Saudi Arabia that if you dare speak out against the royal family, that  is what you have to look forward to--getting killed in cold blood and  having your body dismembered. Dozens of people were recently executed  in Saudi Arabia because of their opposition to government policy.   The word has to get out to the dictatorship in Saudi Arabia that, no,  we will not be following their lead and their interventions in wars  that are only causing horrific pain in that region.   In my view, what we should be doing in Yemen now is ending the  bombing, supporting a diplomatic solution to the civil war there that  finally brings peace to that region, providing immediate humanitarian  aid, and helping the people, along with the international community, to  rebuild their shattered economy, which is dysfunctional today.   This is an important vote. It is an important vote that says the  people of Yemen need humanitarian aid, not more bombs. It is a vote  that says the Senate believes in the Constitution of this country,  which says that it is Congress, not the President, that determines  whether and when we go to war. It is a vote that tells Saudi Arabia we  will not follow their lead in irresponsible intervention.   I hope very much that the Members of this body summon up their  courage and vote to override Trump's veto.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   