 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment builds on the work of the  underlying bill, which has strong and smart prohibitions on financing  to bad actors known to the U.S. Government, such as those violating  U.S. laws related to trade and economic sanctions.   Specifically, my amendment ensures that the Export-Import Bank,  renamed as the U.S. Export Finance Agency under the bill, prohibits any  transaction to people involved in sanctionable activities related to  the illegal trafficking of synthetic opioids, including any sanctions  imposed pursuant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act.   We know synthetic opioid trafficking is a problem, specifically  coming from China, where they are the leading producer of fentanyl. We  have taken bipartisan action in this Congress to put more pressure on  China to stop opioid trafficking, which is fueling so many deaths and  so much tragedy across our communities.   Earlier this year, we passed legislation introduced by my colleague  from New York (Mr. Rose), who is a cosponsor of this amendment, the  Fentanyl Sanctions Act. That act would apply  [[Page H8863]]  pressure to the Chinese Government to honor their commitment to make  all fentanyl illegal and to provide the United States with more tools  and resources to go after illicit traffickers in China, Mexico, and  other countries.   This amendment builds on that effort by ensuring those bad actors are  not seeing the benefit of our export finance agency and that U.S.  companies are not engaged in business with criminal enterprises abroad.   Mr. Chair, this is a commonsense amendment. We should not be doing  business with bad actors, especially those that are poisoning our  communities with synthetic opioids.   I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Waters), the chair of the House Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, the bill before us is a strong measure to support  economic development and to support job creation throughout our  country. The legislation improves the agency's ability to support  exports, and it supports small businesses in my home State of Utah. It  is supported by businesses and labor, and it does this all at no  expense to the taxpayer.   Miles Hansen, who is the president and CEO of the World Trade Center  Utah, said that the Export-Import Bank plays an important role in  supporting Utah's economic growth and Utah's companies' ability to  compete with countries such as China, Brazil, the U.K., and Germany:  ``Direct access to the Export Finance Agency's finance and risk  management programs provide Utah's small businesses with critical tools  for international growth.''   I agree with Mr. Hansen, and I am a strong supporter of the agency  and the underlying bill, which strengthens and reauthorizes Ex-Im for  10 years.   My amendment is a commonsense addition to the bill to ensure that we  are not doing business with opioid traffickers overseas. I urge  adoption of the amendment, and I urge a ``yes'' vote on final passage.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   