 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, I rise to oppose the nomination of  Chad Wolf. Officially, we are considering Mr. Wolf's nomination to  serve as Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans at the  Department of Homeland Security. In that role Mr. Wolf would lead the  DHS policy office, an important but little-known part of the  Department.   However, that is not the role that Mr. Wolf will actually have. We  have recently learned that the President has much bigger plans for Mr.  Wolf. The President plans to make Mr. Wolf the next Acting Secretary  for the entire Department of Homeland Security. Instead of running the  policy office, which has a staff of about 160 people and an annual  budget of $35 million, Mr. Wolf will lead all of DHS, the third largest  executive agency, with a 240,000-person workforce and a budget of over  $75 billion.   Let's be clear, for all intents and purposes, we are essentially  about to vote on the confirmation of a new Secretary of Homeland  Security, a position responsible for protecting this Nation from a vast  and evolving array of threats. Despite the importance of this position  and this vote, we have not been given a full opportunity to  meaningfully examine Mr. Wolf's ability to take on this profoundly  important and challenging role.   Based on my evaluation of his qualifications to serve as Under  Secretary, I do not believe Mr. Wolf has the experience needed to lead  this critical Cabinet Department.   I would like to recognize that Mr. Wolf does have several years of  Homeland Security policy experience. In his  [[Page S6500]]  current role within the Department's policy office, Mr. Wolf has  engaged in productive dialogue with the Homeland Security Committee. In  particular, I have personally appreciated his willingness to recognize  the growing threat of domestic terrorism and White supremacist violence  and the need for the Department to do more to keep our communities  safe.   However, Mr. Wolf's tenure as chief of staff to former DHS Secretary  Nielsen raises serious concerns about his judgment and, in particular,  his involvement in some of this administration's most misguided and  harmful policies. As part of the Senate's constitutional responsibility  to provide advice and consent, I have repeatedly asked DHS to provide  documents directly related to Mr. Wolf's time as Secretary Nielsen's  top adviser. However, the Department has failed to comply, leaving  Congress without the information needed to fully and fairly evaluate  Mr. Wolf's qualifications to serve as Under Secretary, let alone run  the entire Department of Homeland Security.   Unfortunately, this disregard for Congress's constitutional role as a  check on the executive branch is not an isolated occurrence. Instead,  it appears to be a defining feature of this administration.   The Constitution requires that the President's nominees to hold key  positions receive the advice and consent of the Senate. The Framers  knew this arrangement was necessary to ensure that those who hold the  most powerful and influential positions in government are accountable  not solely to the President but to Congress and, most importantly, to  the American people.   However, this President has shown a willingness to abandon the  foundational principle of advice and consent and to test the limits of  his legal authority to unilaterally install acting officials of his  choosing. This has resulted in far too many critical positions going  unfilled.   At the Department of Homeland Security, all three top positions-- Secretary, Deputy Secretary, and Under Secretary for Management have  been vacant for more than 7 months, and the President has yet to name a  nominee for any of those roles. Other key DHS components have seen  temporary leaders come and go for months--even years--without a nominee  for the Senate to consider. This President has declared that he prefers  ``acting'' officials because it ``gives [him] more flexibility.''   Leadership turnover and acting officials are a part of every  administration, but widespread and deliberate reliance on temporary  leaders defies the constitutional principle of advice and consent,  harms the Department's critical national security missions, and puts  the American people at risk. The dedicated men and women at DHS who are  working tirelessly to keep our country safe deserve much better. The  American people deserve much better.   To his credit, I believe Mr. Wolf recognizes the untenable situation  caused by the President's refusal to submit nominees to the  Department's highest offices. When asked about the impact of vacancies  across the top ranks of DHS, he stated ``I believe having Senate- confirmed leaders in the senior levels of any cabinet agency is a  benefit to the morale of the workforce and the success of the agency.''   I continue to urge the President to nominate qualified, principled  leaders to lead the Department of Homeland Security. I remain committed  to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to carry out  our constitutional duty to provide advice and consent by promptly,  fairly, and thoroughly vetting the President's nominees. I am also  committed to working across the aisle in Congress to ensure that the  Department of Homeland Security has the resources and authorities it  needs to keep Americans safe and to provide oversight--robust  oversight--of the Department's actions and use of taxpayer dollars.   I have sought to fully and carefully weigh Mr. Wolf's qualifications  for Policy Under Secretary. Unfortunately, due to the lack of  transparency in Mr. Wolf's involvement in very troubling Department  decisions, I cannot support his current nomination, much less his  elevation to Acting Secretary.   If he is confirmed, I will do my part to support Mr. Wolf and help  him be successful in an incredibly important job while also working to  hold him accountable. But today, I will be voting no on his  confirmation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   