 Madam Speaker, we are not here to run a show trial in an  effort to impeach the President of the United States.   It is clear that, since the Democrats took control of the House of  Representatives, they have always intended to transform the  Intelligence Committee into the impeachment committee. Every one of  their actions, from the staff they hire to the Trump conspiracy  theories they investigate, their willful neglect of our basic oversight  duties, demonstrate that this has been their plan from day one.   And now this is further confirmed by the adoption of these rules,  which simply give the House approval for the Intelligence Committee  Democrats to continue pursuing their bizarre obsession with overturning  the results of the last Presidential election.   Nevertheless, after spending 3 years trying to manufacture a crime  they can attribute to President Trump, they have come up empty.   First, they insisted that the President is a Russian agent. Then they  claimed he is a money launderer and a tax cheat and a fraudulent  businessman. And now they have decided they don't like the way he talks  to foreign leaders.   But they have no evidence and no argument to support impeachment. All  they have is the unconditional cooperation of the media to advance  their preposterous narrative.   If they had a real case, they wouldn't be wasting time spoon-feeding  ridiculous attacks that include defamation and slander on both current  and former Republican staff of the Intelligence Committee.   What we are seeing among Democrats on the Intelligence Committee down  in the SCIF right now is like a cult. These are a group of people  loyally following their leader as he bounces from one outlandish  conspiracy theory to another.   And the media are the cult followers, permanently stationed outside  the committee spaces, pretending to take everything seriously, because  they, too, support the goal of removing the President from office.    After today, The House Intelligence Committee ceases to  exist. Oversight is not being done, and we now have a full-fledged  impeachment committee in the basement of the Capitol.   Think about that, America.   