 Mr. President, we are here in the middle of National  Military Appreciation Month. So I am pleased to join my colleagues in  showing our Nation's gratitude for every single soldier, sailor,  airman, marine, and coastguardsman who is serving or has served our  Nation with honor.   This month is specially dedicated to our Armed Forces, but, of  course, we have ample reason to celebrate and appreciate them year- round, because our troops serve year-round and around the clock and  willingly accepting limitations on their own freedom and comforts so  their fellow Americans can live in freedom and security.   Right now, thousands of American troops serve in dangerous conditions  overseas far from home. Even now, at this moment, our troops are  engaged in combat, surrounded by the enemy, fighting courageously.   We are all thankful and proud of their service and indebted for their  sacrifice. But it is not only them. Two weeks ago I had the privilege  of attending a medal ceremony in Arkansas where seven veterans of the  Korean war were honored for their service and for actions they took in  defense of our freedom nearly seven decades ago, so that these long-ago  actions were not forgotten.   One week ago, I had the opportunity to thank our military spouses-- the unsung heroes of our Armed Forces--for their work raising families  despite the hardships of military life.   Those are just a couple of events from the last couple of weeks. Yet  they are multiplied countless times every day across our country and  around the world wherever our troops and their families are present. At  airports, troops returning from overseas are greeted with hugs and  cheers. The remains of our fallen heroes are greeted with odd silence.   At dinners and restaurants, a uniform or even a veteran's hat will  sometimes still earn a veteran or soldier a free meal from a grateful  neighbor and fellow citizen.   Here in Washington, honor flights for our veterans still get police  escorts with flashing sirens, and children salute those veterans,  sometimes asking innocently about their memories at battle.   Across the river at Arlington National Cemetery, sentinels of the Old  Guard stand at attention and walk the mat around the clock and in all  weather--just as they have for the past 82 years--to ensure that those  unknown soldiers and every person whose headstone graces those  beautiful rolling fields rest in eternal peace.   I am proud to live in a country that honors its military in such a  fashion, but, more importantly, I am proud to live in a country whose  military is worthy of such honor. So to every soldier, sailor, airman,  marine, and coastguardsman, I extend my gratitude, my respect, and my  thanks to you and your family for your honorable service, not just  today, not just this month but every day.   I yield the floor.   