 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, the distinguished  ranking member of the full Appropriations Committee, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of this supplemental  appropriation covering numerous disasters. Communities hit by  hurricanes, wildfires, tornadoes, and other natural disasters have been  waiting too long for this needed relief. Over 40 States will be able to  receive long-needed funding provided by this bill.   The bill provides critical aid to help farmers and ranchers recover  from losses to crops and livestock. Funding for cities and schools that  have had their infrastructure damaged by natural disasters will be able  to begin necessary repairs to buildings.   The bill includes $50 million for the Department of Labor's  dislocated worker national reserve. This funding will go to States to  create temporary employment opportunities to assist with cleanup and  recovery efforts for areas impacted by a disaster.   The bill includes over $300 million for the Department of Health and  Human Services, and $80 million is provided to support community health  centers for construction, equipment, and healthcare services for low- income populations. The bill provides $20 million for the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention to assess and mitigate environmental  hazards, and $100 million is targeted to mental health and substance  use services, helping people rebuild and recover.   The bill includes $30 million for childcare services and over $50  million to repair damaged Head Start facilities. The bill includes $25  million for the community services block grant, flexible funding that  supports a range of social services for vulnerable populations.   The Department of Education receives $165 million to help restart  operations at elementary and secondary schools and colleges and  universities in areas damaged by natural disasters. This funding will  also support school districts and colleges and universities outside of  the affected areas receiving students displaced by the storms and other  covered disasters.   Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn't mention  what is not in this bill, and that is more than $4 billion to deal with  the intolerable situation at the southern border. This money has been  requested by the administration. Most of that money is to take care of  the unprecedented influx of unaccompanied minors. Our Democratic  friends claim they care about these young people, but they fail to  provide the funds needed that are required to feed, house, and provide  medical care to this population. This is something that we need to look  at and, frankly, deal with immediately.   As past chairman and now ranking member for the subcommittee that  looks after the Department of Health and Human Services, I can tell you  they are on the verge of running out of money, and we are going to have  a real disaster with young people that I know none of us wants.   So I want to urge my friends to turn their attention to that urgent  matter and work with the administration on it. I urge passage of the  legislation, Mr. Speaker.   