 Mr. President, I am pleased to join many of my  colleagues today to celebrate National Small Business Week.   Nearly every day, we do business with these local retailers or use  products they had a hand in creating somewhere along the supply chain.  Still, it can be easy to focus on the larger companies that dominate  America's economic landscape, but this week is a time to shift our  attention to the entrepreneurs and innovators who reach for their  pieces of the American dream and work tirelessly to achieve them. This  is no small feat, but it happens over and over again each day as it has  throughout our Nation's history.   This week, we have the opportunity to recognize and commend those who  take this leap of faith while generating positive economic activity and  benefits that help to strengthen and sustain the system that has  created more wealth for more people than any other in human history.  This system is capitalism. It underpins our society and is marked by  the freedom and ability to make our own economic decisions. Those  decisions have often led Americans to start businesses and become their  own bosses. As a result, America's small businesses are now, without  question, the backbone of our country.   As the Small Business Administration has reported, more than half of  Americans either own or work for a small business, and they create  about two out of every three new jobs in the United States each year.  It is clear that small businesses drive the U.S. economy.   I was recently in North Central Arkansas, where I met with several  small business owners and their employees. This time last year, I  toured small businesses in South and Southwest Arkansas to highlight  and learn more about the impact they have on our State. Representatives  from the Small Business Administration were on hand for some of these  visits to underscore the Agency's willingness and desire to help  promote and assist small businesses, owners, and entrepreneurs with  establishing or expanding their companies.   At each stop, the conversations provided me with invaluable insight  as to the challenges and opportunities businesses face. Inevitably, the  discussions also turned to how the economic climate has changed for the  better in recent years. Whether they have been changes in the Tax Code  that have helped to make small businesses even more competitive,  including the qualified business deduction, altering the estate tax, or  increasing bonus depreciation, as well as having provided regulatory  relief and certainty, we have witnessed how these pro-growth policies  have not only helped to drastically uplift and improve America's  economy but how they have also given business owners and entrepreneurs  the confidence they have been lacking for so many years about whether  to invest or expand their opportunities.   According to the Small Business Administration, Arkansas is home to  over 247,000 small businesses, which is over 99.3 percent of all  businesses in the State. These enterprises employ over 479,000  Arkansans, which makes it easy to see how much of an impact they have  on our State's economic climate. In addition to powering the economy,  small businesses also contribute to the communities they operate in.  They embody the American values and ideals that have helped to build  our country--hard work, a willingness to take risks, and a vision for  opportunity. That is why we recognized the importance of entrepreneurs  by passing a resolution designating May 5 through 11 as National Small  Business Week.   I encourage people across my home State and throughout the country to  support small businesses in their communities, especially this week. I  also encourage my colleagues to continue listening to the concerns and  to the advice of our entrepreneurs and of those they employ.   We can build on our positive economic growth by pursuing more  policies that will help our small businesses succeed. The show of  support certainly means a lot to the folks who own these companies and  their employees who count on them to earn their livelihoods. It also  serves as a way to further cultivate and reward the entrepreneurial  spirit that is at the very heart of America.   I applaud the men and women in Arkansas and across the United States  who work incredibly hard as they run their own businesses and chase the  American dream. This week, we celebrate them and our Nation's intrepid,  enterprising legacy that helps make us who we are.   