 Mr. President, today we will vote to reject yet another  attempt by the Trump administration to sabotage the Affordable Care  Act, ACA. The President has tried to do everything within his power to  dismantle the law. He has tried to repeal it through Congress twice and  failed both times. When that did not work, his administration joined  Republican State attorneys general in a lawsuit that would strike down  the ACA with no plan to replace it, one of the reasons Congress  rejected his initial repeal efforts. Now, this President has decided to  unravel the ACA through other means.    We have seen efforts to destabilize the health insurance market by  not making cost-sharing payments, reducing funding to help enroll  individuals in plans, or by allowing insurers to sell less  comprehensive plans through short-term coverage or association health  plans. This administration has also welcomed waivers from States that  want to restrict Medicaid coverage by conditioning benefits on whether  or not someone has a job.    Throughout its ongoing efforts to sabotage the ACA, the Trump  administration issued its rule to allow States to discriminate against  Americans with preexisting conditions. This rule gives States new  options for pursuing a section 1332 ``state innovation waiver'' under  the ACA. Section 1332 of the law gives states additional flexibility to  implement State-specific improvements that expand coverage, reduce  costs, and provide more comprehensive benefits. I am proud that Vermont  was the first State to apply for a waiver when the application process  first started in 2016.    Now this administration wants to significantly change the  enforcement of the four important guardrails enacted by Congress that  waiver proposals must meet in order to be approved. These guardrails  ensure that the waivers must offer comprehensive plans at an affordable  rate that protect patients with preexisting conditions and do not  increase the Federal deficit. Under this rule, States can increase  costs for vulnerable populations and reduce their quality of coverage.  That is unacceptable, especially for this President who promised on the  campaign trail that ``everybody is going to be taken care of.'' The  intent of the 1332 provision was to let States innovate, so long as  they continue to cover the same number of people and maintain the  consumer protections set forth in the law. Vermont's waiver is  consistent with the ACA and seeks to expand coverage to improve  healthcare outcomes for all Vermonters.    By allowing States to permit the sale of health insurance plans that  do not cover essential health benefits such as maternity care,  emergency room visits, or mental healthcare, those that need  comprehensive health insurance coverage will be forced into a high cost  plan, or stuck with an insurance plan that can deny benefits for  whatever reason. These consumer protections were at the heart of the  ACA and are why Vermont and a number of other States have enacted State  laws to maintain these critical protections for those with preexisting  conditions.    Throughout their numerous attempts to sabotage the ACA, this  administration has made dubious claims that they support protections  for Americans with preexisting conditions. Certainly, their well- established record clearly and unequivocally refutes this claim. Today,  Senate Republicans can show the American people that they do genuinely  want to protect Americans with cancer, diabetes, arthritis, substance  use disorders, behavioral health disorders, or any of the other  preexisting conditions that States would not have to cover under this  rule.    This vote is about the more than 130 million Americans with a  preexisting condition who need strong protections. It is about who we  are as a nation and how we care for our people. Congress must ensure  that all Americans have access to comprehensive, high-quality health  insurance plans that meet their needs at an affordable rate. The  passage of Senator Warner's the Protect Pre-Existing Conditions  Congressional Review Act resolution would be a step in the right  direction. We must not send our country back to the days when insurance  companies could discriminate against people with preexisting  conditions. We must not go backward.   