 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 439, the National FFA Organization's  Federal Charter Amendments Act.   The Future Farmers of America was founded in 1928 to advance  agricultural education and improve the quality of life of farming  families across the country.   At the first National FFA Convention in Kansas City, there were 33  delegates from 18 States. At the convention in 1929, 33 States were  represented, and FFA had swelled to over 30,000 members nationwide. By  1939, FFA had become so large, it required a national headquarters, so  it purchased part of George Washington's estate in Alexandria,  Virginia, and began construction.   During World War II, more than 138,000 FFA members were serving in  the armed services. In 1949, the FFA introduced its first international  exchange program with the Young Farmers Club of Great Britain.   In 1950, Harry Truman signed a bill to grant the FFA a Federal  charter, directing that a Department of Education staff member be the  national FFA adviser. In 1959, President Truman became the first of a  long line of Presidents to speak at the FFA National Convention.   In 1969, the FFA created the Washington Leadership Conference to help  students become more engaged citizens and to make a difference in their  communities.   Following Hurricane Katrina, the National FFA launched Seeds of Hope  to help rebuild the Gulf Coast agricultural programs. This effort,  combined with the National FFA Foundation, raised over $10 million for  FFA's programs and services.   Since its creation, FFA has grown to include more than 600,000  members across the country. It has built relationships with  agricultural organizations around the world.   Under FFA, students between the ages of 12 and 21 can be enrolled in  a systematic course of instruction in agricultural education.   Beyond the FFA's rich national history, it has held a special place  in my home State of Georgia for decades. Georgia has the third largest  State association, with more than 42,000 members. There are more than  342 chapters and more than 475 agricultural education teachers in the  State.   Georgia's FFA has also expanded its scholarship awards to help  students access these agricultural education programs and reward the  hard work of students. The Georgia FFA Association has worked to  improve career opportunities of its members through partnership  programs with businesses, educators, and legislators.   Today's legislation makes the necessary amendments to the National  FFA Organization's charter to allow for student officer vice  presidents, to reflect the regional diversity of the United States. It  also provides flexibility for national officers to reduce delays caused  by vacant seats on the national board.   These amendments will ensure the FFA's purpose matches the innovative  and hands-on approach that many agriculture educations are implementing  across the country.   I would like to thank Representative   James Langevin and  Representative Glenn Thompson for their work on this legislation and  for their support of FFA and agricultural learning.   Mr. Speaker, I would also be remiss if I did not say that FFA is an  organization that, when you see the blue jackets on, especially from my  part of the world, it is something that also teaches young people  leadership and vocal skills. It also is very special to my heart.   Mr. Sutton was the agricultural and FFA adviser in North Hall High  School when my daughter attended. My daughter, as many of you know, has  spina bifida, and many of her recreational activities and others were  limited. She got into agriculture and joined the FFA. She got into  their speaker's program, and she would actually participate in the  extemporaneous speaker's program.   I watched this young lady take an FFA experience; I watched Mr.  Sutton, a man of integrity and character who led the blue jackets in  North Hall High School. When she would go, when they couldn't get  access to a handicap bus, he would actually physically pick her  wheelchair up and take her onto the bus himself.    As a dad and as a Congressman, the blue jackets mean a lot; and when  you see them coming, you know that there is good work being done. I  could not be more proud to stand here today to ask for support for this  legislation, for this charter to be renewed, for when we see  agriculture in our economy, which is the most dominant industry we  have, we know FFA stands behind it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my privilege  to yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 439, and I would  ask for favorable consideration.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 498. This bill continues  the House Judiciary Committee's commitment to addressing over- criminalization and over-federalization in our Nation's criminal code.  Last Congress I was proud to work with my friend and colleague from New  York (Mr. Jeffries) to develop and enact the First Step Act, the most  significant piece of criminal justice reform legislation in decades.  Today's bill, championed by Mr. Chabot of Ohio, builds off that great  victory and continues that process.   Part of the reasoning behind the First Step Act was that Congress, as  our Nation's lawmaking body, can and should from time to time make  reasonable revisions to Federal law to ensure our laws work efficiently  and fairly. Today our criminal code is bloated with nearly 5,000  separate crimes. The bill before us begins to address that problem by  eliminating nine sections of the Federal criminal code. Those sections  either criminalize conduct that should not, fundamentally, be a Federal  crime, or have never been prosecuted, or both.   For instance, the unauthorized use of the Smokey Bear emblem, while  problematic, should not land someone in a Federal penitentiary for 6  months, especially when there are civil statutes already on the books  protecting this and other insignia.   Mr. Speaker, this bill continues the Judiciary Committee's proven  approach to criminal justice reform legislation, namely to take a  scalpel, not a sledgehammer, to the criminal code. I would like to  thank my colleague, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, and also my colleague on  the Republican side of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Chabot, for their  work on this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot) to speak about the  bill.    Mr. Speaker, it appears we have exhausted the  supply, so we are ready to close.    Mr. Speaker, I rise on H.R. 498. Again, this  is a good act. The Clean Up the Code Act is one that I ask everyone to  support and vote ``yes'' on, and I yield back the balance of my time.   