 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last Friday I joined the Vice President of  the United States and a number of our colleagues on the Senate  Judiciary Committee for a trip to the Rio Grande Valley and,  specifically, to McAllen, TX.   The Rio Grande Valley Sector, headquartered in McAllen, is ground  zero for the humanitarian crisis on our southern border. I know some of  our colleagues refused to acknowledge that this was indeed a  humanitarian crisis on our border, but that seems to have waned in  recent days in light of the overwhelming evidence. In fact, in 2014  President Obama himself called it a humanitarian and security crisis,  and it has gotten nothing but worse.   Of all the sectors, it is head and shoulders above the rest in terms  of apprehensions of people trying to enter the country illegally. In  fact, 46 percent of all apprehensions along the southern border last  month occurred in the Rio Grande Valley Sector. Across  [[Page S4836]]  the entire border, 68 percent of those apprehended in June were  unaccompanied children or part of a family unit. In the Rio Grande  Valley, that figure shot up to a whopping 79 percent.   People may be asking themselves: Why are unaccompanied children and  families--that is, an adult with a child--the ones predominantly coming  across the border? It is because human smugglers know our laws better  than we do, and they are exploiting the vulnerabilities in our asylum  laws in order to make a lot of money. They charge roughly $5,000 to  $10,000 per person whom they deliver across the border from Central  America or from anywhere around the world. As a matter of fact, the  Border Patrol told us on Friday, when we were in McAllen, that just in  the last year they had detained people from 60--six-zero--different  countries coming across the border at the Rio Grande Valley Sector.  That is because these human smuggling networks are really worldwide. If  you want to come from Bangladesh or Syria or Iran or Russia, all you  have to do is make your way to Central America, hire one of these human  smuggling networks, and they will work your way up across the border  into the United States. This is a national security as well as a  humanitarian crisis.   As of July 1, the Rio Grande Valley Sector had 8,000 migrants in  custody. They are overwhelmed, to be sure. This is placing a huge  strain on our resources. Our Border Patrol stations were never designed  to hold that many people.   The men and women who apprehend and care for these migrants have been  unfairly criticized and mischaracterized as bad guys, but last week I  got to see once again that they aren't the real villain in this  scenario. In fact, they are the heroes.   The Border Patrol agents in the Rio Grande Valley, and those along  the entire border, are pulling double duty as law enforcement officers  and caregivers. They are hired to be law enforcement officers, but they  have had to basically end up handing out juice boxes and diapers to  unaccompanied children or family units because that is what we are  seeing flood across our borders. One minute they are stopping fentanyl,  heroin, and methamphetamine from coming across the border and they are  stopping dangerous criminals from entering our country, and the next  they are comforting crying babies and providing sustenance to children.   Balancing an overcrowded facility and a constantly growing list of  responsibilities is no easy task, but it is not their fault. It is  Congress's fault because only Congress has the authority to provide the  change in the laws necessary to stop this endless flood of humanity and  this overwhelming of our resources, both human and  infrastructure. These dedicated agents handle these demands with  professionalism and compassion.    My colleagues and I had the opportunity to hear from several of these  agents, including Chief Patrol Agent Rudy Karisch. Chief Karisch talked  about the work his agents do to provide quality care to those in  custody, particularly medical care. In his sector alone, that equates  to an average of 32 hospital runs each day--32 hospital runs each day-- to ensure that migrants receive the care they need.   As these agents know too well, many of the people who cross the  border do so because they are deeply familiar with the loopholes in our  immigration laws, and they are eager to exploit them, as I described a  moment ago.   One of those loopholes is something called the Flores Settlement  Agreement, which was created as a way to ensure that unaccompanied  children don't remain in Border Patrol custody for long periods of  time. It was expanded in, I believe, an unintended and unnecessary sort  of way to effectively expand this protection for unaccompanied children  to families as well.   As a result, we can't detain those families for more than 20 days,  the adults in particular. As a result, we see the dramatic increase in  the number of families arriving at the border. Why not? What is to  discourage them or dissuade them?   As we learned during our visit, many of these migrants coming across  the border are not families at all. Tim Tubbs is a deputy special agent  in charge for Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security  Investigations, HSI. He discussed the rise in fraudulent families. In  other words, by that I mean adults claiming to be the parent or family  member of a child when, in fact, they are not related at all.   In April, ICE HSI sent more than 400 employees to the southern border  to investigate these fraudulent claims of family units. In the roughly  90 days since, more than 352 fraudulent families were discovered across  the southern border.   He described one case of a Honduran man that illustrates why leaving  these loopholes untouched is so dangerous. Again, only Congress can  change that. He mentioned the fact that a 51-year-old man negotiated  with a pregnant Honduran woman to purchase--to buy--her baby when it  was born. For the equivalent of about 80 U.S. dollars, this man  purchased her child and then traveled with human smugglers into the  United States. If you have a child with you, it is a ticket to entering  the United States and exploiting those gaps in our immigration laws.   Deputy Agent Tubbs said HSI also uncovered an organization that  recycled--recycled--approximately 69 children in order to smuggle  people into the United States. In other words, once you successfully  get to the United States, these children are sent back and used over  and over again in an endless loop to smuggle more adults into the  United States under the guise of being a family.   We can point the finger of blame at the Border Patrol for being  overwhelmed for not having facilities that were designed to handle the  influx of this number of people, but that would be a terrible  miscarriage of justice. The fact is, Congress needs to look in the  mirror. The only people who can change the laws under our Constitution  is the U.S. Congress and the President. The President has called time  and again for Congress to fix these loopholes in our immigration laws  to begin to stem the tide of humanity coming across our border.   Our broken laws are fueling this behavior. Unless we take action to  close those loopholes that invite more people to illegally enter into  our country, the problem will only continue to grow.   Amid calls from many of the so-called progressive Democrats running  for President to do things that make illegally crossing the border  legal--in other words, rather than protecting the sovereignty of our  country, securing our borders, they want to actually make entry into  the United States legal--the work being done by our Border Patrol and  our Health and Human Services and other nongovernmental organizations  at the border to keep our country safe and care for migrants in their  custody cannot be overstated.   The key to solving this crisis isn't opening the door to more illegal  immigration; it is removing the pull factors that encourage people to  come here in the first place. Of course, you can imagine, if the door  were wide open, how many people would come from other countries into  the United States at will. They would flood our country. That is part  of what is happening now because they don't see any limits or any order  or any rules being applied to who enters our country.   We are a proud nation of immigrants. We naturalize almost 1 million  people a year. This isn't about being anti-immigrant. Immigrants have  made our country stronger. Legal immigration is the key distinction.   Our friends across the aisle seem to be the champions of illegal  immigration. We want our legal, orderly, lawful, rules-based  immigration system to work so it can be fair to everybody, rather than  let people who have been waiting in line for years to come into the  country legally see people jump in line ahead of them and enter the  country illegally. That is not fair to them, and that is not a rules- based and lawful and orderly system of immigration.   I have introduced legislation that will take major steps to achieve  filling those gaps, plugging those holes in our asylum and immigration  laws. It is called the HUMANE Act. This bill would close the Flores  loophole, streamline the processing of migrants, improve standards of  care, which we all want to do for individuals in our custody, and  require additional training of customs and Border Patrol and  Immigration and Customs Enforcement employees who work with children.  [[Page S4837]]    This bill is, to my knowledge, the only bipartisan, bicameral  solution that has been offered. It is bicameral. My friend and  colleague in the House, Henry Cuellar, from Laredo, TX, and I have  cosponsored this bill--bipartisan, bicameral.   As we consider this and other legislative proposals, I hope our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will finally get serious  about taking the required action.   Chairman Graham of the Judiciary Committee tried to organize a  bipartisan trip to the border, believing that would be an important  step in helping us witness together the facts on the ground and then  hopefully work together to try to solve the problem.   I am disappointed that none of our Democratic colleagues accepted his  invitation. I hope this is not an indication of what our immigration  reform discussions will look like moving forward: no desire to help, no  desire to solve the problem, no desire to work together on a bipartisan  basis. I hope that is not where we are, but I am fearful that is  exactly where we are.   I appreciate the Vice President taking the time to visit Texas once  again and getting a chance to see the frontline challenges our officers  and agents are facing. I would thank Mrs. Pence as well for  accompanying the Vice President.   Despite the challenges this humanitarian crisis has brought, the Rio  Grande Valley remains a wonderful region, characterized by a thriving  economy and a vibrant culture. You would be hard-pressed to find more  generous people. They have been extraordinarily generous to the  migrants who found their way to our front doorstep and are trying to  take care of them in a compassionate sort of way, but, frankly, they  are overwhelmed too.   I thank the men and women of the Border Patrol, as well as local  officials, businesses, and members of the border communities who  continue to assist with this humanitarian crisis. It would be nice if  Congress, on a bipartisan basis, would lift a finger to help.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   