 Mr. President, this week marks an extraordinary milestone  in the history of humanity.   Fifty years ago, on July 16, 1969, the entire world watched in awe as  the Apollo 11 mission took off from Cape Canaveral. Four days later, on  July 20, again the entire world held its breath as the lunar lander  made its descent and as Neil Armstrong and then Buzz Aldrin both  stepped onto the surface of the Moon.   As Neil Armstrong famously said, ``It's one small step for man, one  giant leap for mankind.''   On Saturday, 50 years will have passed since man first stepped onto  the Moon. We are celebrating that as a nation, and we are celebrating  that across the world--the 50 years that have passed since. We are also  looking  [[Page S4936]]  forward, with hope and optimism, to the next 50 years of space  exploration and America's continued strong leadership in space.   I thank my friend Senator Peters for his leadership on this  legislation that we have just passed through the Senate. It is  legislation that ensures that those artifacts, those footprints, made  by those historic pioneers for humanity will not be disturbed, will not  be violated, will not be destroyed but, rather, that they will be  preserved for future generations so that decades and centuries from now  those shrines to the incredible imagination and the unstoppable  potential of the human spirit will be preserved for all of history.   This is a time of partisan division on many, many issues. Yet I am  encouraged when it comes to space and America's leadership in space  that we continually see the bipartisan cooperation of Democrats and  Republicans working hand in hand.   I also commend NASA, in particular, for announcing the Artemis  Project. Artemis, as you know, is the twin sister to Apollo in Greek  mythology, and Artemis will be the next journey to the Moon that the  United States will be undertaking.   I am particularly grateful that the Administrator of NASA has  committed that when we, once again, land on the surface of the Moon in  the coming years, among those astronauts to land on the Moon will be  the first woman ever to set foot on the surface of the Moon. As the  father of two young daughters, after 50 years, I say it is about time  that we land a woman on the Moon. I am particularly proud that it will  be an American astronaut whose boots will return to the Moon and that  we will continue to make history together.   This is a moment to celebrate American leadership, but this is a  moment, even more fundamentally, to celebrate what mankind can do--the  frontier spirit of discovery and exploration. It is a spirit that  should unite us all.   I yield the floor.   