 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this week the Senate is debating the  nomination of Andrew Wheeler to serve as Administrator of the U.S.  Environmental Protection Agency.   I am going to make this short because this is bad news for anybody  who wants the Environmental Protection Agency to live up to its  fundamental mission; that is, to protect the public health so our  citizens, from sea to shining sea, can breathe clean air and drink  clean water.   In my view, Andrew Wheeler is Scott Pruitt without an appetite for  luxury travel on the taxpayers' dime--yet another Trump appointee doing  the bidding of the dirtiest, most powerful industry in America, no  matter what physical harm it might do to the people of our country.   To me, the fundamental obligation of an EPA Administrator should be  to make sure we don't compromise our health and the environment.  Regrettably, Mr. Wheeler has spent his career doing essentially the  opposite.   Given what he has done during his time as acting head of the Agency,  he has already proven what sort of backward-thinking Administrator he  will be. In fact, I think it would be fair to say Andrew Wheeler is  sure to be ``Administrator Rollback.''   During his time as Acting-Administrator, he's rolled back fuel  economy standards that reduce pollution and help drivers save money at  the pump. Not even the car companies support him on that. He is rolling  back the rules designed to stop dirty powerplants from belching toxic  gases into the air. He is rolling back rules designed to protect  workers from exposure on the job to dangerous chemicals that can cause  heart attacks, for example. He is rolling back EPA enforcement--basic  enforcement--of a host of safeguards that are already on the books.   Civil penalties against polluters are now at their lowest since 1994.  Inspections of potentially toxic industrial sites amount to half of  what they were just in 2010. Civil fines have plummeted on his watch.  Judicial enforcement cases that have begun and are concluded have been  cut in half. The Wheeler EPA is already letting environmental criminals  off the hook. It is my view that these criminals are not creating  victimless crimes--what they are doing is poisoning our communities,  our workplaces, our air, and our water.   Perhaps what is most alarming about his appointment is that he  essentially waves a hand of dismissal to the existential threat of  climate change.   I have a lot of open-to-everybody townhall meetings in my State. We  have now had more than 920. Just last week, I held five in different  parts of our State. In counties where Donald Trump won and in counties  where Hillary Clinton won, the issue of climate change comes up  everywhere.   At the root of the questions I get in communities that span the  philosophical spectrum is that people are terrified--terrified--of what  climate change is going to bring. They see the news coming out of  Washington. They see that the Trump administration isn't just waving  the white flag of surrender on climate change. In effect, it almost  feels as if the Trump people want to bring on those climate changes  even faster. Anybody who is walking around in our communities and sees  temperature shifts of more than 30 or 40 degrees on a dime is  completely aware of what I am talking about, even if the Trump  administration is not.   In my home State, when you talk about climate change, the first thing  Oregonians think about are wildfires. These fires are not your  grandfather's fires. They are bigger. They are hotter. They are more  powerful.   Not too long ago, we actually had a fire leap the Columbia River--our  magnificent Columbia River. This is noteworthy for a variety reasons  but especially because our rivers historically have acted as fire  bricks. Now we have these bigger and more powerful fires almost all  year round, not just a few months in the summer, the way it used to be.  These new megafires are extraordinary.   It is almost as if we are trying to get acclimated to the idea of  clean air refugees--people who live near areas where fires break out,  with ash built up on their cars like snow in the wintertime.   California has seen its own huge infernos causing horrible fatalities  in the last few years. Nevada has seen it, Colorado and Washington as  well. People are literally homeless, out and about in their  communities, trying to just find a safe place for shelter.   Climate change is also not just about fires. Across the West, there  is the threat of crippling drought. The hurricanes that battled the  East Coast and the Gulf of Mexico are intensifying and drowning our  cities with rain. It seems like every day there is another report about  how sea levels are rising faster than previously estimated.   Climate change is affecting wildlife in catastrophic ways. Entire  ecosystems could be lost. This week, there were reports that an ice  sheet larger than the island of Manhattan broke off from Antarctica. So  the effects of climate change aren't some threat way off in the future.  It is already a massive problem today. Americans feel it, and they see  it in their communities again and again.   My wife and I are older parents. We have 11-year-old twins and a 6- year-old daughter. I--and I am sure there are plenty of other  Senators--think about what their generation is going to be dealing with  down the road. This is why there is so much grassroots energy out there  about the Green New Deal, which I am proud to cosponsor.   I can tell you from the conversations I had in Oregon, people know  what a grave threat climate change poses. They want action. My hope is  that there are a variety of ways, like we saw with the original New  Deal, in which we can find some common ground.   I am the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, which  writes the tax laws. We have more than 40 separate tax breaks for  energy that are on the books today, and most of them are dirty energy  tax relics of yesteryear.   What I have proposed is that we basically throw those 40 energy tax  breaks--relics of dirty energy--in the trash can and substitute three;  one for clean energy, one for clean transportation fuel, and one for  energy efficiency.   The Presiding Officer is new here. She is getting out and talking to  Senators about a variety issues. I can tell her that what I will be  saying to colleagues on the other side of the aisle is something like,  my idea responds to what Republicans have been talking about, the need  for fewer subsidies. We ought to have fewer subsidies for energy.   Why don't we try to work together, find common ground, and do it  particularly on an issue that helps us to promote clean energy at a  time of dramatic climate change?  [[Page S1527]]    That is why I believe Andrew Wheeler is the wrong person to lead the  EPA. Just when we need Democrats and Republicans to come together to  find fresh ideas to combat climate change, he basically says that it  really isn't a threat at all.   It really isn't a threat to Mr. Wheeler, and he is making the climate  change challenge worse by basically suppressing the authority and the  ability of the Agency to take this existential challenge head-on.   The mission of the EPA is all about protecting human health, fighting  for clean air, fighting for clean water, and fighting on behalf of  Americans from sea to shining sea.   Andrew Wheeler fights for those who endanger our health and pollute  our air and water. This isn't a tough call. I am a no on a nomination  that represents danger and going backward. I urge my colleagues to stay  with me.   I yield the floor.   