 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Hastings), for yielding to me and for his leadership on the Rules  Committee. I am looking forward to working with him as a member of the  majority in this Congress.   Madam Speaker, we started an important conversation about how to  improve this House as the rules package was developed. Members on both  sides of the aisle brought forward ideas. Many of them were included in  the final package. But these rules shouldn't be the end of the  dialogue. They should be only a start.   I know that there are many Members who will have even more good ideas  in the coming weeks and months, and this Select Committee on the  Modernization of Congress is a unique opportunity to continue the  conversation.   It is a truly bipartisan way to consider ideas on how to promote a  more modern and efficient Congress and procedures to develop the next  generation of leaders, increase staff diversity, and improve technology  and innovation. It is also a way for this Congress to hold ourselves  accountable, to ensure our work to reform this House is delivering on  behalf of the American people.    I especially thank Representatives Kilmer, Lipinski, and Sarbanes, as  well as the New Democrat Coalition, for this idea. It is a step that  this House can take, and it is a step that this House, quite frankly,  should take.   Madam Speaker, finally, I just want to say, as the gentleman from  Oklahoma pointed out, this select committee is truly bipartisan, and  the ideas that come out of this select committee will be truly  bipartisan.   We can improve the way this House is run. We can improve the way we  do things here. I think the American people are hoping we will move in  that direction, and I think we have an opportunity to do that.   I say to the gentleman from Oklahoma, I really appreciate his tone  and his support for this initiative. We all talk about new beginnings  and about ways to make things better, and I think we are off to a good  start. For that, I thank the gentleman from Florida.   