 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit NOAA from  utilizing a science-based stakeholder decision support tool to save the  North Atlantic right whale from imminent extinction.   The decision support tool was developed based on the best-available  scientific information and models about the population dynamics of the  whales. Defunding it undermines the consensus-based conservation  decisionmaking process under the Marine Mammal Protection Act and would  set a dangerous precedent for implementation of that law. It would also  have lasting impacts for other species, fisheries, and industries.   Again, this whale, the North Atlantic right whale, is critically  endangered. There are less than 420 left. That is fewer than we have  Members of this House of Representatives.  [[Page H4933]]    With this amendment, while it may be well-intended to protect Maine  lobstermen, it could have broadly undermining effects on right whale  conservation and on NOAA's responsibilities under the Marine Mammal  Protection Act and the Endangered Species Act.   I fully understand my colleague's concerns and efforts to support  constituencies. I, too, represent a coastal district with commercial  fishermen; so does our colleague, Seth Moulton in Massachusetts. And we  are committed to working together to find a solution to the crisis  facing the North Atlantic right whale, including holding a hearing on  Mr. Moulton's bill, the bipartisan SAVE Right Whales Act, in the Water,  Oceans, and Wildlife Subcommittee that I chair.   I am also fully supportive of his amendment to increase funding for  right whale conservation. We should be devoting more resources to  develop innovative solutions for the recovery of right whales to meet  both fisheries and conservation goals, not choosing one goal over the  other which, unfortunately, this amendment does.   I would also point out that the Committee on Natural Resources worked  with Mr. Golden on several other possible amendments. We continue to  stand ready to work on other ways and other solutions, but  unfortunately, this amendment is not it.   Mr. Chair, I urge opposition, and I reserve the balance of my time.     Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Serrano).    Mr. Chairman, the tool that we are talking about was  developed by a consensus-based take reduction team that included the  consensus support of all representatives of the fishing industry who  sat on that team, the entire Maine delegation, that the team  unanimously supported the decision.   Mr. Chair, an end-run around that congressionally mandated process at  this critical moment, taking away the lifeline that the North Atlantic  right whale needs as it teeters on the brink of extinction, is the  wrong way to protect Maine lobstermen. We can work together on other  threats, other ways to help the lobstermen.   We need to start that conversation with climate change. Certainly,  the trade impacts to the lobstermen and other fishing communities  should be something we do to help them, the threat of offshore drilling  in the Atlantic. And let's get them some more financial support if  there is too much burden to implement the technologies and strategies  that have been represented here.   But the North Atlantic right whale is running out of time, and we  should not move the goalpost on these critically endangered species in  this way.   Mr. Chair, I request a ``no'' vote on the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   