 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to highlight the continuing work at the  Department of Defense to procure renewable energy, reduce greenhouse  gas emissions, and make our military more resilient in the face of  climate change.   The American military is the strongest in the world. It is also the  world's biggest consumer of energy. In 2017, our Armed Forces consumed  over 85 million barrels of fuel to power ships, aircraft, combat  vehicles, and bases. As a combat veteran, I know firsthand that our  reliance on fossil fuels at home and on the battlefield makes us very  vulnerable.   Moreover, current and former DOD civilian and military leaders have  argued that climate change presents a rising threat to our force  readiness and has exposed vulnerabilities of critical operations. They  have argued that climate change is an urgent national security threat,  and I agree.   Warming oceans lead to higher tides, putting our Nation's critical  infrastructure at risk. Severe weather has already wrought havoc on  military assets, including Tyndall Air Force Base, which will likely  require $5 billion in repairs after Hurricane Michael. Climate change  is already causing mass migrations that affect the stability of nations  and will put our national security and that of our allies at risk.   The purpose of my amendment is to make the DOD's contributions to the  government sustainability efforts a part of the conversation  surrounding H.R. 9. And the DOD's accomplishments should be lauded: the  DOD has invested heavily in microgrids, renewable energy resources, and  fuel-efficient vehicles.   Additionally, last year's NDAA required the military to build on its  obligations to address climate change by incorporating energy and  climate resiliency efforts into its installation and operational  planning.   The DOD has done a lot so far and is a model for the rest of the U.S.  Government, but there is more to be done.   Going forward, we have a unique opportunity to support sustainable  policies, while also securing our bases, saving taxpayer money, and  protecting the environment. One of the best examples is Fort Hood,  Texas. Fort Hood has invested in technology to harness renewable energy  and ensure that power is being efficiently managed. It is estimated  that the combination of microgrids and renewable energy will save Fort  Hood $100 million in energy costs. It is also hardened against  potential vulnerabilities in the electrical grid, which is a win for  our security.   We must scale smart, practical solutions, like those at the DOD, to  make our force more resilient, agile, and efficient.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Engel), the chairman.    Mr. Chairman, simply put, the Federal Government cannot  meet its obligations under the Paris Agreement without DOD's past,  ongoing, and future contributions to this effort. I urge my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle to recognize this fact and support my  amendment.   This is very simple. This is an opportunity for a win-win-win, which  is often hard to come by these days, but this is good for the American  taxpayers. It will save us hundreds of millions, if not billions, of  dollars by promoting these efforts and increasing energy resiliency and  efficiency. It is a win for our national security, because it is one of  our largest vulnerabilities. Our bases are subject to cyberattack and  are very vulnerable to continuity decreases in our operations. And it  is a win for the environment.   This is something that we have to do and that we have an obligation  to do in support of our national security.   Mr. Chairman, again, I urge everyone to join in supporting this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   