 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Lamborn).    Madam Chair, I do have the privilege and the honor to be  able to represent Colorado's vast Third Congressional District, which  is home to the High-Altitude Army National Guard Aviation Training  Site, also known as HAATS. It is located in Gypsum, Colorado.   HAATS is under the U.S. Department of Defense's organization, and it  is a lone school that teaches rotary wing aviators in the Armed Forces,  in the military, and also those of our foreign allies to learn how to  be able to fly safely with rotary wing aircraft in mountainous, high- altitude environments.   I have had the opportunity to be able to hear from military officials  and many servicemen and -women, both retired and active, along with  their families, who praise the lifesaving training conducted at HAATS.   There are numerous examples of how the elite training provided at  HAATS has benefited our men and women in uniform when it comes to  military aviation. I would like to share one of those examples this  evening.   In Afghanistan's Helmand province, a HAATS graduate conducting an  emergency medical evacuation mission in treacherous conditions was  faced with the challenge of dealing with fine brown talcum powder,  which was damaging the engine's aircraft. He was able, through his  training in management power techniques garnered at HAATS, to actually  safely land the aircraft and successfully remove wounded soldiers and  medics out of the area, which was extremely hazardous.   Madam Chair, my amendment is a sense of Congress whereby Congress  recognizes that the military aviation training in Colorado, including  the training conducted at HAATS, is critical to the national security  of the United States and to the readiness of the Armed Forces.   Madam Chair, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the kind comments from my  colleague out of Colorado in support of something that is fundamentally  important to our Nation's security and also to be able to help citizens  who may be in treacherous conditions in the high altitudes of Colorado  and our other Western States.  [[Page H5713]]    Madam Chair, I do encourage our colleagues to support this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   