 Thank you very much. It is not often that the  distinguished ranking member on the EPW Committee gets to say he is  from a bigger State and give his advice in those terms. I appreciate  that we from Rhode Island were able to give him this moment.   I also want to thank him for his leadership in trying to fight for  strong fuel economy and greenhouse gas emission standards for our  automobiles.   The story of what is going on cannot be properly understood without  understanding the oil industry's role in all of this. They are up to  their usual mischief.   Our offices obtained a draft letter to the Deputy Administrator of  the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, urging her to  weaken the auto emission standards. Well, we were able to look at the  metadata on this document, and guess who wrote it. It was written by  one of Marathon Petroleum's in-house lobbyists.   Marathon shopped this letter, which their lobbyist wrote, around to  Members of Congress, convincing several to send similar letters in  favor of weakening the standards. We took those letters, and we ran  them through plagiarism software, and this is what we got. The red text  is the text that is identical to the language of the Marathon  lobbyist's letter. The black is where, in this case, Members of the  Pennsylvania delegation added a little local information about  Pennsylvania. It is an 80-percent match in the plagiarism software to  the letter written by the Marathon Oil company lobbyist.   Marathon and the oil industry weren't just recruiting Members of  Congress to copy their lobbyist language into letters to the Trump  administration; they got their trade associations involved as well. The  American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers Association lobbied, for  instance, to weaken the standards, according to their lobbying  disclosure reports. It is always better to have your trade association  do your dirty work. What company really wants the public to know it  lobbied to lower fuel economy standards so that consumers could pay  more at the pump? It is not a good look.   In addition to cranking up its trade associations, the fossil fuel  industry also cranked up its constellation of front groups that it has  developed and funded over the years to kill laws and regulations that  would reduce the carbon pollution that is driving climate change. The  industry launched those front groups against the fuel economy and  greenhouse gas emission auto standards. These front groups provide a  veneer of fake public support for the oil industry's anti-climate  campaign.  [[Page S2365]]    Take Americans for Prosperity, for instance. It is a lovely, benign- sounding name. Who could possibly be against prosperity? Yet, in  reality, Americans for Prosperity is a front group that is funded by  the fossil fuel billionaire Koch brothers, whose company, by the way,  also lobbied against the standards. Americans for Prosperity doesn't  disclose its donors. It is a secretive organization. So what little we  know about its funders comes thanks to the hard work of a few  muckraking, investigative journalists.   We do know that both ExxonMobil and the fossil fuel industry's  flagship trade association, the American Petroleum Institute, give the  AFP money, and they give them big money. Since the Citizens United  decision, the AFP has spent about $70 million on Federal elections. It  is throwing its weight around.   To oppose the auto standards, the AFP created an elaborate online  deception campaign that was centered on this petition against the  standards. Unfortunately, for them, the public was not buying its  nonsense. Despite an onslaught of online advertising, only 231 people  signed up. It looks like no one wanted to spend more on gas and that no  amount of fossil fuel lies could convince them otherwise.   FreedomWorks is yet another front group that has received millions in  funding from the Koch brothers and fossil fuel interests like the  American Petroleum Institute. It also started an online campaign  against the standards, and that, too, bombed. There is a word for this  stuff. It is called astroturf. It is fake grassroots. Real grassroots  organizations don't need tens of millions of dollars from fossil fuel  front groups. Real grassroots organizations thrive on the engagement  and the passion of citizens, not on millions in special interest, dark  money.   In having flopped at astroturfing, the oil industry organized its  front groups to write directly to Trump administration officials and  lobby them to repeal the standards. Here is one of these letters, and a  dozen phony front groups signed it. Like I said, they built a  constellation of these phony front groups, and a dozen signed this  letter. These groups together have received--like I said, mostly of  secret money--a minimum of $196 million from fossil fuel industry  interests, including from the Koch brothers, API, ExxonMobil, and  Chevron.   This $196 million did a lot of talking, for this letter found its way  to an eager audience in the Trump administration, which is stuffed with  fossil fuel lobbyists and flunkies. So they gave the oil industry  exactly what it wanted--a proposal to freeze the auto emission  standards and to challenge California and other States, like mine, our  authority to set our own standards.   What is strange about this is that this proposal isn't what the auto  industry says it wanted. Once the oil industry jumped into the fray,  the auto industry let Big Oil take over, or it got shoved aside by Big  Oil. Big Oil barged in and got exactly what it wanted--weakened  standards that would allow it to sell--hold your breath here--up to $1  trillion in extra gasoline. For a mere expenditure of $196 million  through these 12 phony front groups, they got to sell $1 trillion in  extra gasoline. That is how you make big money--by renting out the U.S.  Government. That, by the way, is $1 trillion that comes out of  consumers' pockets and goes into Big Oil's. No wonder Big Oil is hiding  behind front groups.   In the press, unnamed auto industry lobbyists have complained that  the proposed freeze isn't what they asked for. Well, that is not good  enough. Auto industry executives need to step up and tell President  Trump and Secretary Chao and Administrator Wheeler that their oily  proposal is not acceptable.   This car rule saga that we have seen play out is a microcosm of the  climate change problem that we face. The fossil fuel industry, through  its armada of phony front groups, fights to defend its own massive  sales and massive, massive taxpayer subsidies for its product. The IMF  has estimated that the fossil fuel industry receives a $700 billion-- with a ``b''--annual subsidy in the United States alone. So it has  every incentive to spend whatever it takes to control things in  Washington, like giving $196 million to these front groups. Meanwhile,  the rest of corporate America, including car companies that claim to  support reducing carbon pollution, just don't show up.   One side lobbies Congress against climate action, and the other side  doesn't show up. One side spends tens of millions on attack ads against  candidates who support climate action, and the other side doesn't show  up. One side pours hundreds of millions of dollars into trade  associations and phony front groups, and the other side doesn't show  up. The result is entirely predictable--money talks, unfortunately,  around here, and big money commands.   Things would change a bit if the rest of corporate America would  challenge the fossil fuel industry's money and influence to help our  colleagues on the other side get something done on climate change.   I close by pointing out that democracy and the free market are the  twin pillars of our American example. What does it say for them as  institutions when one industry--the fossil fuel industry--can  simultaneously capture our democracy and pervert the free market with  its massive subsidies? It is not a good story.   America's strength has always been our example. Our inaction on  climate change--one of the foremost challenges of the world--sullies  our American example. For the good of our country, for the good of  those institutions, for the good of our American example, it is time to  wake up.   I yield the floor.   