 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a number of us have been coming to the  floor for quite some time now, talking about challenges posed by  China--the big geostrategic challenges for the United States posed by  China.   What has happened over the last couple of years--and I think it is  very important--is that this issue went from an issue where not many  Senators 2, 3, or 4 years ago were talking about it to now, when  Democrats, Republicans--all of us--have recognized that literally for  the next 50 to 100 years, the biggest challenges we have in terms of  national security and economic security for our Nation are the  challenges posed by the rise of China. I think that is an important  course correction that we have seen in the Congress and, importantly,  from the executive branch.   The Trump administration put out a national security strategy, and  that national security strategy said: Yes, we still have very  significant challenges with regard to violent, extremist organizations  like al-Qaida, like ISIS, but long-term we are shifting to a period in  which the most significant economic and national security challenge we  face as a nation involves the rise of great powers, particularly China  as the pacing threat.   I think the administration deserves a lot of credit for this course  correction. It is in the national security strategy of the  administration. It is in the national defense strategy of the  administration. I believe it is strongly supported by Democrats and  Republicans in this body.   You may have seen, for example, that Vice President Pence gave a  speech at the Hudson Institute a couple of  [[Page S878]]  months ago. For anyone in America interested in U.S.-China relations, I  commend that speech to you. It was an outstanding speech. In my view,  it was probably the most important speech on U.S.-China relations since  a former Deputy Secretary of State, Bob Zoellick, gave the speech  called the Responsible Stakeholder Speech. That was over a decade ago,  and Deputy Secretary Zoellick essentially said to China: You have risen  in large measure because of the international system that the United  States established after World War II, and you benefited from that.  What you need to do now is to become a responsible stakeholder in that  system. Here is your opportunity. The system that benefited you more  than anybody, the system that the United States led--China, you now  have the opportunity to become a responsible stakeholder in that  system. We are inviting you into it.   Well, I think pretty much everybody--whether Trump administration  officials, Obama administration officials, former Bush administration  officials--recognizes that China rejected that offer. They are saying:  We don't want to be part of the responsible--we do not want to be a  member of the system that the United States has led. We are going to do  something different.   They rejected it. Again, I think that is not a controversial  statement. China experts--Democrats, Republicans, Trump, Obama, Bush-- all pretty much agree that is what has happened. So we need a different  approach.   Right now, there are very serious negotiations going on between the  Trump administration officials and senior Chinese officials, mostly on  economic issues. But this relates to broader challenges we have with  China, and I have had a number of discussions with Ambassador  Lighthizer, Larry Kudlow, who is the NEC chairman at the White House,  Secretary Mnuchin, the Vice President, and the President on this topic.  I would say again--because it is important not only for the American  people but for the Chinese to know--that there is strong bipartisan  backing for what is happening right now in terms of our reorientation  of the U.S.-China relationship and what we are finally demanding of  them.   Not everything is agreed to. There are some people, I think with good  reason, who have some concerns about the use of tariffs, but, overall,  I think there is broad bipartisan support in this body--having talked  frequently with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--for what the  Trump administration is trying to do with regard to China.   As they look to address these issues--and they just had these high- level negotiations just last week--I thought it would be important to  lay out a couple of things that I know many Members of the Senate are  interested in. Again, this is to show our backing of these negotiations  but also to make sure China knows that it isn't just the Trump  administration that is focused on these issues. The Congress and Senate  of the United States of America also hold similar goals.   Obviously, the most important goal is to have a relationship in terms  of economics and trade and investment that focuses on fairness,  reciprocity in terms of open investment and a trading relationship with  China. Fairness, reciprocity, open trade, and investment with China--we  do not have that right now. That is one of the big challenges.    As they are looking to continue these negotiations and possibly come  up with an agreement with China, I thought it would be important for  the Chinese to hear what a number of Members of the Senate believe is  important in my discussions. Let me review some of these.   First, we need to ensure that China commits to structural changes in  their economy, not just pledges to increase purchases of U.S. goods.  Increasing purchases of U.S. goods--whether they are Nebraska farm  products, which I know the Presiding Officer cares a lot about, or  clean burning Alaska natural gas, which I certainly care a lot about-- would be positive. But it is certainly not enough. Structural changes  to the way in which they run their economy, to the way in which they  treat other countries are critical. It was good to see the President  last night in the State of the Union say exactly that.   Structural changes--what do we mean by structural changes? First,  China, for decades now, has required American companies that invest in  China to essentially transfer their technology in exchange for access  to their market. No other country in the world does that. China says  they don't do it. They do it. They need to stop that. It is against WTO  rules.   Secondly, I am going to talk more in detail about how China  consistently steals intellectual property from American and other  countries' companies around the world.   Third, they heavily subsidize their state-owned enterprises, which  gives them an unfair competitive advantage against our companies and  impacts negatively our workers and our families.   No. 1, structural changes have to come, and if they don't, we should  not accept this kind of deal.   No. 2, China needs to end the ``promise fatigue'' that we have had  with China by enabling us, through some kind of trade agreement, to  hold them accountable for the commitments they make. What do I mean by  that? We need assurances from the Chinese that will ultimately be  fulfilled that an agreement that is reached at the end by this  administration can be enforced. Why is that so important? As I  mentioned, these kinds of negotiations have been going on for years.  The Obama administration, Bush administration, Clinton administration,  all in good faith, have tried to get China to commit to the promises  and commitments they have already made and hold to them, whether  through their WTO commitments or all kinds of other commitments.   Here is the problem. The talk, the agreements, the WTO, the strategic  economic dialogues with China--they all sound good, but for the most  part, China has not kept its commitments.   In the United States, we are suffering from promise fatigue. We get  commitments from China. They make promises, and then they don't keep  them. Promise fatigue--the American people, the U.S. Congress, this  administration, and I believe other administrations are tired of that.  Whatever agreement the Trump administration is working on should  address this issue of promise fatigue.   Let me give you a couple of examples of promise fatigue. Many years  ago, I had the honor of serving on the National Security Council staff  at the White House under Condoleezza Rice. We were at a meeting. I was  a staffer for Secretary Condoleezza Rice, who, at the time was National  Security Advisor, and President George W. Bush was in the Oval Office  with a senior administration official from China, Madame Wu Yi. She was  the Vice Premier. She was a very important person from that country. In  this meeting, the President--as President Obama has done, as President  Trump has done, as President Clinton has done--President Bush really  pressed Madame Wu Yi on intellectual property theft. This was in the  Oval Office. This was in a meeting in 2003, over 15 years ago. Madame  Wu Yi looked the President of the United States in the eye and said:  Mr. President, we are going to fix this. Protecting intellectual  property is very important to my country. We know it hurts your country  when we steal it. We are going to fix this. I am in charge.   That was pretty powerful. She said it directly to the President of  the United States in the Oval Office. I witnessed this.   Let's fast forward to 15 years later. Have they fixed it? No. Has it  actually gotten worse? Yes. Promise fatigue.   Let me give a couple of other examples of promise fatigue. In 2015,  in the Rose Garden, President Xi of China was standing next to  President Obama, and he made essentially two commitments: We are going  to stop the cyber theft of industrial products in the United States; we  are going to not steal, through the internet, your intellectual  property and other valuable trade secrets from American companies-- whether related to defense, whether related to other issues--and China  will not militarize the South China Sea.   This is 2015--less than 4 years ago--standing next to the President  of the United States, the President of China made these commitments in  the Rose Garden. Has China kept these commitments? No. They have  massively militarized the South China Sea, and they continue their  industrial-scale cyber  [[Page S879]]  theft. Great countries, particularly in these kind of settings, need to  keep their word. China should know this. A key element of any deal that  we as a country strike with China needs to take into account this  promise fatigue and have real mechanisms to keep their commitments.   Third, we need to make sure China commits to end its global corrupt  practices. What do I mean by that? Predatory Chinese infrastructure  financing and bribery of foreign officials are trapping countries  around the world in debt and marginalizing outside competition by  foreign investors.   There was an article recently in the Wall Street Journal that went  into very minute detail of how Chinese officials at the highest levels  were bribing senior officials from Malaysia to get investment  opportunities with regard to infrastructure in that country.   This is essentially official policy in China to bribe and pay off  officials in other countries to help their companies, which are often  state-owned and compete against other companies. Is this fair? No. Is  this good for the international economic system? No. Does China do it  on a regular basis? Yes. Do our companies or the U.S. Government engage  in this kind of systematic corruption globally? No.   If the U.S. companies do this, their leaders can go to jail for  violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. China has no such  prohibitions. To the contrary, they do it as part of official state  policy.   Whatever agreement we have with regard to the Chinese on this issue  also needs to include addressing this challenge globally of foreign  corrupt practices. This kind of state-sponsored corruption should not  be tolerated or overlooked. Again, in my discussions with the  administration's senior officials, I have encouraged them to make sure  this is part of the negotiations in the agreement.   Finally, an important element of our strategy with regard to China  has to involve our allies. All of the issues I just talked about-- promise fatigue, industrial cyber theft, intellectual property theft-- aren't just issues the United States is dealing with. They are issues  all of our key allies are dealing with--the Germans, the European  Union, Japan, Korea, Canada. Everybody is dealing with these same  challenges with regard to China. What does that mean?   The good news is, strategically, the United States is an ally-rich  nation, and our adversaries and potential adversaries are ally-poor. We  have built a system of alliances. Since World War II, that provides  strategic advantage to our Nation. As a matter of fact, one of the most  strategic, important advantages we have is our system of alliances,  which we need to deepen and broaden. There are many countries in Asia-- many countries in Asia--that want a closer relationship with the United  States because of the rise of China. This administration needs to seize  that because it makes strategic sense for us, but they also need to  coordinate with these countries as we are working on these broader  global economic issues as it relates to China. Why? Because if we come  to the table, not just the United States but with the Europeans, with  the Japanese, with the Koreans, with the Canadians, this provides  leverage.   The countries I just named, including ours, constitutes well over  two-thirds of the global GDP. If we come together with these demands,  we will have much more leverage to get a better deal.   The time is right. I have had the opportunity to talk to senior  officials from all of these countries. Every single one of them has  challenges like we did with regard to China, and every single one of  them wants to work with us.   I commend Ambassador Lighthizer for starting an alliance on trade, as  it relates to China, on a regular basis with the EU and Japan. The EU,  Japan, and the United States are coordinating on these issues. I think  it makes sense for the Ambassador to broaden that coalition--the  coalition of the willing on these issues. It does bring significant  leverage, and countries are ready for the United States to lean on us.  As a matter of fact, the number of countries and Ambassadors whom I  have heard who have cited Vice President Pence's speech on how we have  to deal with China has been remarkable. They are looking for U.S.  leadership. The administration needs to provide it. Using and making  sure we are coordinating with our traditional allies on this issue is  vital, and that is how we are going to come to a successful conclusion.   There is a lot we need to do with regard to the challenges posed by  China. They are not all negative. A lot of them can be positive. If we  had Chinese investment, greenfield investment, in our country, that  could help with jobs. That could help ease tensions. It is something I  have been encouraging Chinese officials to do for a long time. It is in  their interests. I think it is in our interests. We need to take  seriously these challenges.   It is an issue. You often hear about some of the tensions or some of  the conflicts that exist in this body. In my view, a lot of that is  overblown. There is a lot of bipartisan work that goes on in the  Senate. The vast majority of the work that goes on in the Senate is  bipartisan.   One area of bipartisan agreement, I believe, is the need to focus on  this very important geostrategic challenge that our country faces with  regard to the rise of China. We are off to a good start in that regard.  I want to encourage the administration to continue to focus on this  issue and focus on these four points I highlighted this morning on the  Senate floor.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   