 Mr. Speaker, I will address the underlying bills on  this rule.   I have been at the border three times this year, and while I have  been to a lot of workplaces, a lot of work environments, there is  nobody I have more respect for than the professional job that the U.S.  Border Patrol does of protecting this country, and they do it under the  most difficult of circumstances.   Last time I was down there, they had 2,000 vacant positions. They  were, in May, staffed at a level that was maybe a third of what it  should have been, given the huge number of people coming across.   In addition to just apprehending people, they had to do mounds of  paperwork. They had to, in essence, act as a daycare for all the young  people who are sneaking in this country, but they did it without  complaining, with the utmost professionalism.   I find it hard to believe, after watching these professional Border  Patrol agents, that other people went down to the border and felt the  problem is we have to tie their hands still more with another  ombudsman, more paperwork, inviting people to file false complaints,  particularly since we already have an inspector general and an Office  of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties in the Department of Homeland  Security. So in addition to the watchmen on the Border Patrol, we had  all sorts of new people down here.   I guess I am still surprised, but maybe I shouldn't be surprised.  There are some people who look at an interaction between police and a  criminal and think there is something wrong with the policeman and  instinctually don't like him. There are people in a corrections  facility who look at the corrections officers and the prisoners and  automatically think the problem in the corrections facility is the  corrections officers.   That is what we have down at the border right now, which is being  submitted in this bill. Rather than giving a thank-you to our Border  Patrol by adding additional people, we give them a kick in the teeth by  saying: There must be something wrong with you. We need more people to  watch over you, make it easier to file paperwork against you, have you  have to look out more than you have in the past--and such a dangerous  job.   I mean, you figure some of these folks, they are out there in the  middle of the night, maybe they catch a caravan of 30 or 50 people  sneaking into this country, and one Border Patrol agent is supposed to  bring all these people in. What sacrifice for our country.   And what do they get from this body? Do they get filling out the  empty positions? They don't get that. What they get is a kick in the  teeth, saying: We have something wrong with you.   Mr. Speaker, I hope we vote against the rule, and I hope we vote  against the acts.    Madam Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted  ``yea'' on rollcall No. 545.   