 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Collins) for yielding me time, and I thank the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Nadler) for his comments.   We are here today because a Member of this body issued a series of  anti-Semitic statements, and I couldn't help but think of what justice  means and what mercy means.   Well, we want to temper justice with mercy. So the first time we come  to understand that maybe the depth of what was said was maybe  accidental; the second time maybe less so; and certainly the third  time, we now have a pattern.   We begin to wonder how we extend mercy when justice cries out against  one who is anti-Semitic.   It doesn't help that the Democratic leaders have attempted to  rationalize and protect this individual, whether it is appearing on the  cover of a national magazine, whether it is saying: ``She did not  understand the full weight of the words.'' One wonders what more needs  to be done to try to eradicate anti-Semitism from this body.   Some have said that to specifically condemn these statements and  remove her from her committee assignment would stifle legitimate  criticism of Israel. But the problem with that argument is this:   The comments made were not directed at Israel, were not directed to  policy, were not directed towards the American-Israel relationship.  They were, instead, directed to Americans with the allegation that they  have a dual loyalty, which is an ancient anti-Semitic cliche that has  been used to target the Jewish community throughout history.   How about this in the future? If a Member of Congress desires to  criticize Israel or criticize American policy towards Israel, maybe  they can do so without resorting to an anti-Semitic rhetoric that is  inflammatory, unnecessary, and, frankly, it is hateful.   So we stand here today and we look at a resolution condemning hatred  of any kind. Who can disagree with that? I don't. I don't disagree with  that.   But what I will say is you cannot temper justice any longer with  mercy, with rationalization. Sooner or later, you have to face what the  awful truth is. And if someone is going to persist in making anti- Semitic, hateful statements, to bury that is inexcusable.   