 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, my motto as the class of '87: Our Country We Strengthen,  '87.   It is great to be here, and I want to start with a story.   After I went through the Academy, graduated from West Point, spent  time in the 101st Airborne Division, I decided to do something  different with my life and went into business. I went to business  school. I was in New England in business school.   One time, I was driving back from a visit to Franklin Roosevelt's  home on the Hudson River and was at a grocery store--Stew Leonard's,  some people know from Danbury, Connecticut. I was standing outside with  a kid, and a guy walks by, and he says: Well, Kentucky plates. What are  you doing here in Connecticut?   I said: Well, I am up here in graduate school, and we just went to  Franklin Roosevelt's home. I just love the Hudson River. The Hudson  Valley is just stunningly beautiful.   The guy looked at me. He didn't know my background, didn't know who I  was. So he said: Well, if you love the Hudson River, let me suggest you  ought to spend a weekend at West Point. Let me suggest you go on  Saturday, on a football Saturday, because you are not going to believe  this, but they actually go to class on Saturday.   I said: Are you kidding me? I mean, people actually go to a school  that goes to class on Saturday?   And he said: Yeah. And then they have a parade, and all the cadets  are standing--and I didn't have the heart to tell them, tell him we  were telling jokes to each other, and said--look pristine, you know,  from 100 yards away.   But he went through the day at West Point, and he walked through it.  And he said a picnic and tailgating and football, and all the great  stuff and the fun times you have here. But you do have good times even  though you have very difficult times.   And when he finally finished, I didn't have the heart to tell him the  truth and tell him the story. So as soon as he finished, I just looked  at him and said: I have always heard about West Point, and I have  always heard this: ``It is a great place to visit, but you wouldn't  want to live there.''   And the reason that you wouldn't want to live there is because it is  tough. It is hard. It is not something you can do just simply. It is  something you sacrifice for and you move towards.    One of my great thrills is you get to nominate people who attend our  academies--all of our academies--and to call them and tell them when  they have received an appointment.   I just talked to a young man this week, he is going to West Point,  and a couple, unfortunately, to the Navy--but a couple at West Point  and a couple at the Air Force Academy. They are deciding to do  something big and different with their lives than their classmates.   But I want to talk about, just real briefly, you do run across some  great people.   I always say the reason that H. R. McMaster was probably, I think,  the greatest soldier of our generation is his very first challenge was  teaching me how to march correctly. He was my squad leader at Beast  Barracks, and I was a challenge to him, I am sure, so his first  leadership challenge.   We heard my previous speaker talk about his classmates, Mark Esper,  who was in my company and now Secretary of the Army; got to serve on  Energy and Commerce with Mike Pompeo, now Secretary of State.   My class actually entered West Point in 1983, so I got my appointment  in February of '83. In March of '83, Ronald Reagan gave his speech in  Orlando, Florida, about the evil empire, and then during my time in the  101st, the Berlin Wall came down. So I literally served from the evil  empire to the fall of the Berlin Wall.   A lot of my classmates--me being one of them, and this shows what a  great prognosticator I am--and all of us thought the Army was going to  be boring for the next 20 years. And, man, my prayers that that was  absolutely--would have come true, but it wasn't.   So my commemoration today is a lot of my classmates did leave the  Army in the early nineties. Those who spent time in a career--whether  20 years, 30 years, some still serving--they really have sacrificed for  this country more than I could ever imagine.   My one experience with it as a Member of Congress--not as a combat  soldier, but a Member of Congress--I took my first trip into a combat  zone to Iraq. I remember sitting in the headquarters waiting for  General Barbero to come give us a briefing, and an '06 colonel comes  walking in. Some of us may know because he did congressional affairs  after this.   It was Joe Simonelli, who was a big, blustery, great guy who served,  just kind of a leader of our class. And he comes walking in, and it  just struck me that he has been doing this for the last--then it would  have been the last almost 20 years, spending half of his life going  overseas to serve our country. I was just there for a day and a half  and was ready to get home, and he was there for a year. It just struck  me.   So my hat is off to my classmates--and not to just people who  graduated from West Point, but every man and woman who has the courage  and the conviction and the strength and everything about them to put on  our uniform. And every single one of them, every single person serving  in our uniform volunteered to do so. It is just amazing that we have  young men and women like that.   So my hat is off for my classmates because we are talking about our  time at West Point, those who served 20 and 30 years, who have made a  difference for this country and have sacrificed like no other has over  the course of time.   We have, certainly, people in more combat-type style conflicts, but I  would dare say, in the history of our country, a group of people who  graduated the time that we have have not spent more time in active  combat back and forth.   Mr. Speaker, my hat is off to them. They are my brothers and sisters.  I love them dearly, and I appreciate their service.  [[Page H2633]]        