 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my  name as a cosponsor of H.R. 1078.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my bipartisan amendment, and  I would like to thank Congressman McKinley for leading this important  effort with me.   This amendment would reinstate the Berry amendment's longstanding  Department of Defense domestic sourcing requirement for stainless steel  flatware.   This amendment would support American manufacturers, ensure our  servicemembers are using safe flatware and dinnerware, and gives the  Department of Defense flexibility should American-made flatware not be  available or affordable.   There is historical precedent for this provision. In fact, from 1976  to 2006, the Berry amendment included a domestic sourcing requirement  for stainless steel flatware, but it was removed in the 2007 NDAA due  to a lack of domestic supply.   Since then, domestic flatware production has rebounded significantly.  In the past decade, domestic manufacturers have sold over $9 million in  flatware to the Federal Government. This rebound has led to a stable  domestic supply chain and manufacturer base.   Our American manufacturers have demonstrated their reliability as a  stable domestic supplier of stainless steel flatware to Federal  customers, which supports restoring the longstanding domestic sourcing  requirement.   As my colleagues know, President Trump is a staunch supporter of  American manufacturers, a commitment to American jobs that he and I  share.   Congress constantly pays lip service to bringing back good-paying  American jobs and keeping them here. Well, this is an opportunity for  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to actually do it.   Reinstating the Berry amendment's domestic sourcing provision for  stainless steel flatware is a win-win for everyone involved. It  supports local manufacturing in the U.S., and DOD would retain the  ability to waive the domestic sourcing requirement if domestic flatware  could not be procured at market prices.   In my view, this should not be a difficult question. When choosing  between supporting and creating American jobs over Chinese jobs, I will  choose hardworking Americans every time, and I urge my colleagues to do  the same by supporting this amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, this amendment would not cost the  Department of Defense any more money. In fact, this amendment retains  all existing waivers under the Berry amendment.   If there were significant negative charges to the price or quality of  domestic flatware, the Department of Defense will be able to use other  sources of flatware and would be able to import flatware.   This amendment reaches beyond flatware and would support multiple  American manufacturers.   This amendment would also allow American manufacturers all over the  country to compete against each other to provide our servicemembers  with American-made flatware.   Unlike the items that were mentioned that have never been included in  the Berry amendment, flatware was included in the Berry amendment for  30 years. It was only removed because domestic supply could not sustain  the Pentagon's demand at the time.   Domestic supply has since rebounded. Because of this, I see no reason  why not to reinstate this longstanding provision that would help  American manufacturing.   I would argue that it is in our national security interest, because  supporting American manufacturing, supporting American jobs helps grow  our economy, helps create more taxpayers who then contribute revenue to  fund our military. I would much rather support American manufacturers  who pay taxes in this country than support manufacturers in China and  support the Chinese economy.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   