 Mr. Speaker, President Trump's declaration of a national  emergency, as an excuse to build a wall that Congress explicitly  rejected, is an abuse of his constitutional oath, and cannot be  tolerated by a coequal branch of government under the Constitution. We  must reject this unlawful power grab and reassert Congress' authority  to exercise the power of the purse.  [[Page H2132]]    The Constitution could not be clearer: ``No money shall be drawn from  the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law.'' That  command reflects a fundamental principle that is older than our  democracy itself: The chief executive cannot unilaterally spend  taxpayers' money or redirect a budget set by the people's  representatives.   Earlier this year, Congress reached a bipartisan compromise to fund  the government, and it was signed by the President. Congress allocated  limited funding for fencing in certain areas, but squarely rejected the  President's request to build a medieval barrier across the southern  border.   Almost immediately, the President decided to rewrite the budget set  by Congress, and he told us exactly why. He was not satisfied with what  he got from the process that the Constitution dictates, so he did an  end run and made it an emergency.   He and his aides have barely even tried to pretend that the so-called  emergency is a real one. They know that illegal immigration is at  historically low levels. They know that children and families fleeing  violence are coming here to make lawful asylum claims, not as some kind  of invading army.   They know that illegal drugs overwhelmingly get smuggled through  ports of entry, and that a wall would do nothing to change that. But  they refuse to let the facts and the law stand in the way of their  political agenda.   Even worse, the emergency law that President Trump invoked allows the  military to redirect funds only if an emergency ``requires the use of  the armed forces.'' And those funds can be used only for construction  projects that are ``necessary to support such use of the armed  forces.''   But a wall cannot possibly be ``necessary to support'' a military  operation on the border because our laws prohibit the military from  engaging in law enforcement activities. The military cannot enforce an  immigration law, so the President's actions are doubly unlawful. There  is no real emergency; and even if there were, the President could not  redirect military funds for a purpose expressly prohibited to the  military.   Fortunately, the Constitution does not get suspended based on  President Trump's preferences about what is convenient or ``faster.''  Our Nation's Founders left it up to all of us, including those of us in  Congress, to act as guardians against exactly this type of assault on  our constitutional order.   In that spirit, I proudly support this joint resolution, and I call  upon my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up and do the  same.   