 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the  distinguished leader for his statement.   I, too, wish this were a bipartisan bill. I do. I wish it were a  bipartisan bill. Unfortunately, as the ranking member of the House  Select Committee on the Climate Crisis, I found out about this from the  press, not from the chairman of the committee. I found out from the  press about this bill. That is not how you pursue bipartisan  legislation. If there were a true attempt and a true desire to do  bipartisan legislation, certainly this would have been handled  differently.   Let me be clear, Mr. Chairman, I fully agree that the climate is  changing. I agree that humans are contributing to that change. I agree  that there is something that we need to do about this, and we need to  be aggressive.   As we heard from scientists just yesterday in the House Select  Committee on the Climate Crisis, they have confirmed to us that the  United States can eliminate all emissions, and we are still going to  see warming. We are not going to see changes in the temperature if we  eliminate all of our emissions.   Mr. Chairman, China, right now, is the top emitter. They are emitting  80 percent more than the United States. As a matter of fact, Greenpeace  found last year they are actually increasing their emissions. Here we  are, the United States, for about the last 20 years, the largest  absolute reduction in emissions of any country in the world.   The Paris accord is fundamentally flawed. It is not the solution. We  can eliminate all of our emissions, Mr. Chairman, and you are going to  have countries like China that are allowed, under the Paris accords, to  come in and more than replace all of our emissions  [[Page H3370]]  reductions. That doesn't make sense, and it is not fair. This coming  from a country that has already stolen trillions of dollars in  intellectual property and cost this country millions of jobs.   Let me say it again: Climate change is real, and we need to take  action.   This agreement is fundamentally flawed. It benefits China.   Of course other countries agree. It is on the back of the United  States, the nation that spends more money on climate change science and  more money on climate change technology than any other country in the  world.   Mr. Chairman, this bill is fundamentally flawed. This whole agreement  is fundamentally flawed. China has an entirely different metric to  measure their emissions reduction than the United States, and they  don't even have to reduce a single degree of emissions until after  2030.   Mr. Chairman, this is a flawed bill, and I urge rejection.   