 Madam Speaker, let me give you a quote: ``Holding  someone in contempt of Congress is one of the most serious and formal  actions our committee can take, and it should not be used as a  political tool to generate press as part of an election-year witch  hunt.''   Who is responsible for that quote? It is not Ranking Member   Jim  Jordan. It is not Leader McCarthy. It is not Conference Chair Liz  Cheney. It is Chairman Elijah Cummings. Those are his words.   What we need to do is understand that we are using this as a  political tool, and we are better than that. We are better than that.   I am going to quote from another letter from Chairman Cummings. At  that time, he was not the chairman. Chairman Cummings wrote a letter to  Speaker Boehner. He said, ``A fundamental problem with conducting such  a partisan investigation is that the results are not even-handed but  instead are skewed, incomplete, and inaccurate.''   Chairman Cummings went on further. He said: ``These deficiencies are  magnified when we rush from a committee vote to a floor vote at  breakneck speed, with little concern for the facts or the law.''   What was he referring to? He was referring to a contempt vote on Eric  Holder.   Here we are today, in the same venue. I am using the chairman's  words, so I am going to make an appeal to the chairman, with the hope  that my good friend opposite will heed these words because, in that  same letter, he made a direct appeal to the Speaker of the House at  that particular time. He said that he hoped that the chairman would  accept that the Attorney General is willing to come in to meet  personally and enter into direct negotiations in good faith to try to  resolve the matter.   I am hoping that the gentleman opposite will withdraw his contempt  resolution, not force a vote on this, but enter into a direct  negotiation with the Attorney General of this great country and,  hopefully, resolve this without taking this particular action.   Madam Speaker, I think it is critically important that we understand  why we are here today. It is because we are using two standards, one  standard for the minority party at one time and one standard for a  majority party at another time. Let's use the same standard and make  sure that we give the Attorney General the ability to negotiate  directly with the gentleman opposite.   Madam Speaker, I certainly hope that cooler heads will prevail and  that we get to the bottom of this. It is about allowing Congress to do  its job but do it with respect.    Madam Speaker, I want to make a point that in this body  now on 2 consecutive days, we have broken the rules of Congress to  expedite things.   In this particular contempt resolution, I want to make sure that the  Record reflects that we broke rule 2(f) on the committee about notice.  It was brought to the attention of the chairman, and here we are again  going and violating the rules of this House, not rules that the  minority put in place, but rules that the majority put in place. We  gave the chairman the chance to perfect this procedural problem, and  yet they continued on to hold this contempt violation.   I can tell you, they may vote today to hold them in contempt, but it  is a violation of Congress' very rules itself that should have been  remedied. I ask that the gentleman opposite withdraws his resolution so  that we can perfect this.   