 Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, first, I would like to assure my colleague  that I am not opposed to the project she is trying to fund. I am aware  of the project and its importance to Puerto Rico. In a different  context, I could support it.   In fact, as the previous chairman of the Energy and Water  Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee, I have  worked with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to provide funding  for ecosystem restoration projects well above the annual budget  request.  [[Page H651]]    What I am opposed to is funding the ecosystem restoration projects in  a disaster supplemental appropriations bill. A disaster supplemental is  not simply a chance to clear the Army Corps of Engineers' construction  backlog. That is what the annual appropriations process is for.   A disaster supplemental is intended to protect storm-ravaged areas  against future storms and to reduce Federal liabilities from future  storms. That is why the underlying bill is consistent with previous  disaster bills and limits funding to projects that provide real  benefits for that type, namely, flood and storm damage reduction  projects.   Additionally, I would be remiss if I did not point out that the  particular project of interest would not even be eligible for funding  under this amendment.   The underlying bill restricts construction funding to areas impacted  by various storms, none of which impacted Puerto Rico. We should not  raise hopes knowing the project isn't even eligible.   While I am happy to offer to work with my colleague and try to  support the project through the regular appropriations process, which I  am sure the new chairwoman, Chairwoman Kaptur, is willing to do also, I  must oppose funding in a disaster supplemental appropriations bill for  ecosystem restoration projects.   Madam Chair, therefore, I oppose the amendment. I urge my colleagues  to vote ``no,'' and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I would just say, again, it doesn't really  matter whether you vote for this amendment or not. It doesn't really do  anything because the project is not eligible. What we are doing by  adopting this amendment is raising false hopes, knowing that the  project isn't even eligible.   I encourage the gentlewoman to withdraw the amendment and work with  us to see if we can fund this through the regular appropriations  process.   Madam Chair, I encourage a ``no'' vote on the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Chair, first of all, there are no funds in this  bill to expand or build detention facilities.   There are no funds in this bill to expand or build detention  facilities.  [[Page H656]]    There are no funds in this bill to expand or build detention  facilities.   But let me get this straight, see if I have got it straight. We don't  want to enhance border security to stop people from coming across the  border illegally. We have got immigration courts being overrun. And we  don't want to have the necessary facilities to keep those people  because they can't get into the immigration courts right away.   What exactly do you want us to do?   Just because Congress says, Hey, I am only giving you funding for  40,000 people. What if 100,000 people come across the border illegally?  What do you expect us to do?   You have no answers, except: No, no, don't detain them.   Just let them go?   I know how we can reduce the cost of prisons in this country. Let's  only appropriate enough money to house 100,000 prisoners. Regardless of  the crimes they have committed or anything else, I am only going to  fund 100,000. Above that, just let them go.   I don't get it. I don't know where the heck we are coming from on  this. All this does is put another poison pill in this bill that will  make it much more difficult to pass and will ensure that the Senate  will never take it up, which I doubt they will anyway.   To me, I just don't understand what the heck is going on here. We all  know what the answer to this shutdown is. Every one of us, in our  heart, knows what the answer is. It is a compromise. And a compromise  means both sides give some and get some. That is the nature of a  compromise.   That means there are going to be parts in it that I don't like, but I  am going to end up voting for it. That means there are going to be  parts in it you don't like, but you need to end up voting for it.   Anyway, we need to get back to opening this government and quit  putting these poison pills and this nonsense in this bill.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Chair, I would just say that the argument I just  heard is kind of ridiculous. If what we are going to do is list  everything this bill, these funds, can't be spent on, I don't think we  should be able to give any of this money to NASA to put a man on the  moon.   We could list everything that the Federal Government does except  these things and say we have to specify it in the bill.   No. This is a poison pill.   Again, I didn't hear an answer. What do you expect to do when these  people come across the border illegally? What if they are waiting for  hearings and stuff and the courts are just being flooded?   There are no answers. You have no answers. This is a bad amendment.  Just trying to make a statement.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   