 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Scott  for yielding and for coordinating this hour of tribute to a dear, dear  friend and how humbling it is to follow my good friend, Representative  Lewis, who swore me in just the same, Johnny, just over 9 years ago,  right here in this same spot.   I know this would certainly take more than an hour, and I know this  is a Georgia delegation moment, but, Senator, I am certain that if the  House would allow that, Member after Member from State after State  would come down here and pay you tribute, just the same as we are  today.   As Members, we get up each and every day and we work hard to make  sure our constituents have a great place to live and provide for their  families. And it is not often that we have the opportunity to share  about the impact that a single person might have made on our very own  lives.   Today is one of those rare occasions for me, and I get to do that  today through the recognition of one of Georgia's giants. And I am  going to do this today, Senator, take the opportunity to share of our  first interaction, my first introduction, my introduction to Senator  Isakson.   It was November 6, 1990, and I was just your average 20-year-old  college student. I was apolitical. I was just looking for a free meal  that night. I was an idealist, very open-minded, and I was invited that  night by my roommate to attend a political gathering. And my roommate  just happened to be the son of Freddie Stevenson, who is a dear friend  of ours, Senator.   And that was my very first political event ever that I had attended,  and it happened to be the gubernatorial election night celebration, or  that is at least what I anticipated that night. I can remember that  evening as if it were yesterday, and I know the Senator can, as well,  as can so many others.   As a north Georgia country boy, I didn't grow up in wealth or  politics. I just worked hard every day just trying to get through each  and every day.   But that night I was impacted. There was a lot of energy. There was  excitement in the room. And that is infectious, I know it is, but that  is not what it was about that night. I was impacted more so than  anything by a single person, a person I didn't even know yet, a person  that I would soon get to know very well, though.   You might suggest that I was impressed by the Senator's resume, his  history and what he had done. I mean, after all, we glossed over what  the Senator has accomplished, but he has served in the Georgia Air  National Guard. The Senator has 14 years in the Georgia House as a  minority leader. The Senator was co-chair of a Presidential campaign,  president of one of the largest real estate companies in the country,  and, yes, as has been mentioned, he was a Georgia Bulldog. All of that  by 1990. That is impressive, but that is not what captured me that  night.   I was totally unaware of all those things. Nor could it have been his  future, because none of us knew, none of us knew what might be yet.  That was so many years ago.   The fact that Johnny would one day run and be elected to the State  Senate, that he would be a candidate for U.S. Senate in 1996, he would  head the State School Board, be elected to the U.S. House in 1999,  sworn in by the great John Lewis, and then 5 years later elected to the  United States Senate as our senior Senator.  [[Page H9045]]    There was something so much more, Johnny. There was so much more than  that, Senator, that we had yet to know. I mean, it was more than the  Senator's resume. It was more than the Senator's title, and it was more  than what the Senator was going to accomplish that stirred me or that  stirs any individual.   It was on that night in 1990 where a man I had never met with a name  I certainly couldn't pronounce with a history that I didn't know or a  future yet untold, he caught my attention. My first true interaction,  my first impact by a political figure in my life was that night in  1990.   The results were not what the Senator had hoped for at the time or  what the Senator had worked for, and yet, he was in a room of friends  and supporters and had to address them that night.   Now, if you were an onlooker like me, a 20-year-old college student,  what do you expect? You expect maybe there is going to be bitterness,  there is going to be regret, there is going to be some blaming, there  is going to be some divisiveness. That certainly sounds familiar,  certainly today. But it was different.   Instead, Johnny Isakson, he took the stage with grace, with respect,  with dignity, with vision and with a confidence that I never expected  in a person. And whether the Senator knew it that night at that time,  he chose to impact, and he chose to inspire. He chose to inspire me.   I know the story is not unique to me. I know it is not. There are 45  years of stories like that. I just happened to be one. He was paying  forward before it was even a thing to do. And now 29 years later I can  stand before each of you, I stand before you as one who served in the  Georgia House for 7\1/2\ years and now in my 10th year here in Congress  and a future still yet untold. I get to stand before the Senator and  say, ``thank you.''   I thank Senator Isakson. I thank him for caring. I thank him for  being an example of what is needed so much today. It is with deep  gratitude that I get to pay tribute in his farewell. To the one who  might have lost an election in 1990 but won the trust of a 20-year-old  college student that night, a true fighter for Georgia, a great  statesman, and a dear friend, thank you so much, and may God bless the  Senator in the days ahead.   