 Madam Speaker, in 2018, more than 2,000  illegal aliens were apprehended by Federal law enforcement officers for  homicides committed on American soil; that is roughly 2,000 dead in  just 1 year. And that does not count some number of the 70,000  Americans whose lives are snuffed out each year by poisonous drugs,  much of which is shipped illegally into America across our porous  southern border.   Americans would know more about these horrific killings if the media  diverted just a fraction of the time it spends on extolling illegal  aliens and attacking our brave border patrol and ICE officers and  agents to telling the stories of American lives needlessly ended by  illegal aliens and our porous southern border.   Today I share a few stories about those who died solely because of  illegal aliens and our porous southern border.   Louise Sollowin was a beloved mother, wife, and grandmother. Louise  spent 50 years helping her sister fire up the oven at Omaha,  Nebraska's, Orsi's Italian Bakery, where she worked well into her 80s.   In 2013, after 93 years of life, Louise was brutally raped and beaten  to death by an illegal alien. To make matters even more horrific,  Louise's daughter found her bleeding, battered, and dying mother with a  naked illegal alien passed out on top of her.   In 2010 in Houston, Texas, 14-year-old Shatavia Anderson was shot in  the chest and killed by two illegal aliens. Shatavia loved her family  and loved talking on the phone. She proclaimed that one day she was  ``gonna be somebody.'' Shatavia was robbed of that dream by illegal  aliens.   In July 2018 in my hometown of Huntsville, Alabama, two drug-cartel  related illegal aliens took Oralia Mendoza and her 13-year-old  granddaughter, Mariah Lopez, from their  [[Page H591]]  home in the dark of night. Oralia was stabbed to death while her  teenage granddaughter, Mariah, was forced to watch. Later, and in order  to eliminate a witness, the illegal alien drug cartel members then  beheaded Mariah and abandoned her body in the woods not far from where  I live. Mariah's decaying body was not found for weeks. Mariah was a  special needs student at Challenger Middle School. Her teachers  described her as a ``sweet little girl'' who ``had a lot of friends.''   I have a Washington staff member, Michaila Lindow, who well remembers  being baby-sat as a young child by family friend, Tad Mattle. In 2009  in Huntsville, Alabama, then 19-year-old Tad Mattle was driving home  with his girlfriend from a church social. While stopped at a traffic  light, an illegal alien, who was fleeing the scene of yet another crime  and whose blood alcohol content was three times the legal limit, rear- ended Tad Mattle's car. This illegal alien had three prior DUIs. Tad  Mattle's car exploded on impact, tragically killing Tad Mattle and his  girlfriend. Tad, the oldest of three children, enjoyed making music and  served as percussion leader in the Grissom High School marching band.  Three days before he was killed, Tad was awarded a full scholarship to  the University of Alabama in Huntsville, where he planned to pursue an  engineering degree.   Mr. Speaker, each of these horrific deaths have one thing in common:  none of these lives would have been stolen from us, but for illegal  aliens aided and abetted by Democrats who protect, promote, and prefer  the lives of illegal aliens to the lives of American citizens.   Mr. Speaker, these killings on American soil will continue if America  does not secure our porous southern border.   As for those who support amnesty and open borders, how many American  lives and dreams must be snuffed out by illegal aliens before  Washington has the guts and integrity to secure our porous southern  border? How many Americans, dead Americans, does it take before you  will start saving lives rather than aiding and abetting those illegal  aliens who take them?   