 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I would like to associate myself with Speaker Pelosi's  comments, that we have been riding the dragon for too long.   Thirty years ago today, the so-called People's Liberation Army turned  their guns on the people of China, killing hundreds and possibly  thousands of unarmed civilians in Beijing. Many were Chinese students,  who had been peacefully protesting for reform, democratic transparency,  and respect for fundamental human rights.   The victims included young children and people in their 60s, cut down  by indiscriminate gunfire. The dramatic days of May and June 1989, left  the world with many indelible images: the huge expanse of Tiananmen  Square packed with hundreds of thousands of people rallying for  freedom; the 30-foot tall Goddess of Democracy statue built by Beijing  art students in the center of the square; the rush of tanks and armored  personnel carriers into the area to, quite literally, crush the protest  and protesters on June 4; the heroism the next day of someone the world  only knows as Tank Man who halted an entire column of Chinese Army  tanks, armed only with shopping bags and resolve.   But those indelible images are hidden from the people of China by the  Communist regime that inherited the bloody mantle of Tiananmen. Hiding  behind the great fire wall, the Chinese Government refuses to allow any  reckoning with that history, and fiercely quashes discussion, whether  online or in public.   Obsessed with control, it uses its massive Orwellian apparatus to try  to erase the events of June 1989 from the memory of the world. But as  John Adams once wrote: ``Facts are stubborn things,'' so, too, are the  memories of the many Chinese who experienced those events up close.  Western journalists on the ground during the massacre reported that  people in the streets of Beijing pleaded with them to tell the world  what had happened there.   Today's resolution is a continuation of that sacred charge. So I want  to thank all of the bipartisan authors of H. Res. 393, and Mr. McGovern  and Mr. Smith, for giving this House a renewed opportunity to testify  to the true events of June 1989, to tell and call for a just and open  accounting for the Tiananmen massacre, and to condemn serious, ongoing  human rights violations by the Government of China.   Dictators need to understand that freedom can only be held back for a  finite period of time. They may succeed in crushing a democratic  protest, but they will always fail to crush the democratic spirit.   So I am proud to stand with the people of China who want to break the  chains of Communist oppression, and I urge support for this resolution.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry), a member of the Foreign  Affairs Committee.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close and I yield myself  the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I must say at a time when the American people see this  Congress so divided, it is refreshing for the American people to see  the Congress so united with one voice standing up for good over evil.  We must keep the memory of Tiananmen alive.   Secretary Pompeo said yesterday that China's one-party state  tolerates no dissent and abuses human rights wherever and whenever it  serves its interests.   Today their party's methods are more subtle than rolling the tanks  in--but no less horrifying:   The Communist Party deprives one-fifth of mankind of fundamental  human rights; it has imprisoned up to 3 million Muslims in what the  Department of Defense has called and labeled concentration camps; and  it is seeking to spread its totalitarian ideology and repression along  its physical and digital Belt and Road Initiative.   In the Foreign Affairs Committee, I know I and my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle will keep working to shine a light on China's  threats, impose consequences on their malign actions, foster  partnerships with NATO and other allies, and help build up an  alternative to China's predatory Belt and Road influence.   With that, Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  resolution to honor the memory of those who have sacrificed for freedom  and to remain clear-eyed about the nature of our adversary.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   