 Madam Speaker, and still I rise. I rise because I  love my country, and I rise today because we are celebrating and  commemorating, to a certain extent, Juneteenth, when General Gordon  Granger arrived in Galveston, Texas, to alert, announce to the slaves,  if you will, that they had been freed pursuant to the Emancipation  Proclamation.   I am pleased that General Granger did this. I am pleased because  liberation is a wonderful thing. Nobody should be enslaved. But I am  also concerned that that liberation has not completely obliterated the  bigotry that ensued after the liberation.   In this country, we still suffer from bigotry, hatred, racism,  homophobia, xenophobia, Islamophobia, all of the various ugliness that  can cause some people to receive less than the American Dream that  others receive.   And here in this country today, we, in the House of Representatives,  have a unique opportunity to do something about bigotry in our country.  We have an opportunity to do something about a President who has now  been above the law for some 63 days, 63 days since the Mueller report  was presented to the public, 63 days above the law since the Mueller  report.   My contention is he has been above the law since he fired Mr. Comey  some 2 years plus ago. But the President being above the law is  something that can be remedied.   Babies shouldn't be separated from their parents. I read a story just  yesterday about the youngest person to be separated, a 4-month-old  baby, separated from parents for approximately 6 months. The baby was  separated for such a prolonged period of time that the baby did not  recognize the parents when the unity took place with the parents, the  reuniting took place.   I am so saddened by these kinds of incidents, but the truth is, the  House of Representatives can do something about bigotry emanating from  the Presidency. The House of Representatives can impeach a President  for bigotry emanating from his Presidency.   And I believe that this House should do this, but I am also saddened  by the fact that we appear to be a House that is driven by polls.   Polls direct us, snapshots in time, about the opinions of the public.  I am saddened by the fact that we seem to be driven by polls because I  can only imagine what would have happened had they taken a poll before  crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on Bloody Sunday.   I can only imagine what the poll would have said if Rosa Parks had  taken one before she took that seat in a racist southern town on that  bus.   I can only imagine what the polls would have said if Lincoln had  decided to poll the country before moving forward with the Emancipation  Proclamation or the 13th Amendment.   Polls should not drive a righteous cause; a righteous cause should  drive the polls.   It is time for this Congress that has the authority to move forward  with impeachment to do so. We have not served our country well by  relying on polls. Polls are wonderful, but not for righteous causes.   With a righteous cause, you take a stand, and you move forward. When  you don't take that cause, you are not serving a righteous cause well.   