 Mr. President, I join my colleague from Connecticut,  Senator Blumenthal, and others in urging my colleagues to oppose the  nomination of Lawrence VanDyke.   I may risk repeating some of the ground that has been covered by  Senator Blumenthal, but I think it is important enough that we  reiterate over and over the dangerous nature of this particular  nomination.   I have come down to speak on the floor in opposition to maybe only a  handful of the President's judicial nominees. In fact, if you look up  the voting record, I probably am amongst a very small handful of  Democrats who have routinely voted for the President's nominees--not  just judicial nominees but also his appointments to positions in his  administration.   Often in committee, I am the only Democrat supporting some of the  President's nominees and appointments, and that is because I have come  to the conclusion that this body should give deference to the  administration and to the President when it comes particularly to  filling the positions of those who work for him in political  appointments but to a degree as well in the judiciary.   So I put my votes where my test is, and probably with only two or  three exceptions in the Democratic caucus, I have voted for more of the  President's nominees than the rest of my colleagues on this side of the  aisle. My test is pretty simple. One, I want individuals who are  qualified. Obviously qualifications are sometimes in the eye of the  beholder, but I want folks who know something about the job they are  about to undertake or have some set of skills that will be relevant.  Second, I want to make sure the candidates we are reviewing for  judgeships or administration posts are not out of the mainstream--I  mean the conservative mainstream. I don't want folks who have radical  points of view.   Mr. VanDyke doesn't pass that test as far as I am concerned, and that  is why I chose to come down to the floor and express my opposition to  his nomination. In particular, I do not believe Mr. VanDyke is within  the mainstream when it comes to his positions on the issue of gun  violence.   Obviously this is a personal issue not just to me but to everybody in  this Chamber, and we have a lot of disagreement--maybe a narrowing set  of disagreements on the policy surrounding what we should do to better  protect this country against the growing scourge of gun violence. But  Mr. VanDyke has held a position that would take away from this body the  ability to keep our friends and our neighbors and our constituents  safe. Mr. VanDyke's record as a candidate for the supreme court and as  solicitor general was to endorse views outside of the mainstream that  would take away from us the ability to pass laws to keep people safe.  Let me tell you what I am talking about.   First and foremost, he was a vocal proponent of something called the  Firearms Freedom Act. As solicitor general of Montana, he argued that  the Federal Government should not have the power to regulate gun  ownership in his State of Montana.   This is a political cause that is picking up steam in some  conservative circles around the country, but it is still a radical  notion, the idea that the Congress can pass a law restricting who can  own a gun or what kinds of guns can be owned and that a State can just  claim those laws are not valid in that State. That is what Montana was  attempting to do, and that is what Mr. VanDyke was pushing--the idea  that that State was just going to conveniently avoid enforcing Federal  firearms acts and laws.   That position is unconstitutional, and Federal courts have held that  it is unconstitutional, but that didn't stop Mr. VanDyke from pushing  what is essentially a political cause--the idea that one of the ways to  stymie Federal action on guns is to just convince States to pass laws  saying they won't enforce Federal laws. That is a very slippery slope  to go down--certainly on the issue of enforcement of firearms laws, but  it is a slippery slope to go down with respect to any Federal laws that  States may want to ignore or invalidate.   Second, Mr. VanDyke has taken a position opposing the  constitutionality of restrictions on the sales of certain types of  weapons.   We have big disagreements here as to which kinds of weapons should be  sold commercially and which kinds of weapons should be reserved for law  enforcement and the military. I believe that semiautomatic, assault- style weapons like the AR-15 are best left in the hands of those they  were designed for--soldiers and law enforcement. Many of my Republican  colleagues don't agree. But that should be a debate we have here, and I  simply do not believe our Founding Fathers would accept the premise  that the Constitution restricts our ability to decide what kinds of  weapons should be in civilian hands and what kinds of weapons should be  in the hands of the military. There was all sorts of gun regulation  happening at the time of the passage of the U.S. Constitution. They  were not unfamiliar with the idea that government was going to have a  hand to play in regulating firearms, and I reject the idea that the  Constitution bars us from having those debates.   Mr. VanDyke has spent a lot of time arguing that the Constitution  prohibits Congress from acting to keep dangerous weapons out of the  hands of civilians. It is one thing to have a policy objection; it is  another thing to put somebody into the Federal court system who doesn't  think we should have ownership as a political body of a question that  is inherently political, not constitutional.  [[Page S6937]]    I come to the floor to point out just a handful of ways in which Mr.  VanDyke's record, I believe, is outside of the conservative mainstream  when it comes to guns. I think he holds positions that would make even  NRA-endorsed Republicans in this body a little uncomfortable,  especially this idea that States can nullify Federal firearms laws.   Although I think there are many reasons to draw issue with this  particular nominee, I put this set of issues at the top of the list.  Again, this is coming from someone who has spent a lot of time  supporting the President's nominees with whom I have big policy  disagreements. I think this is beyond a question of policy  disagreements. This is someone who is going to bring some pretty  radical ideas on what the Constitution allows States to do and what the  Constitution allows this body to do when it comes to keeping our  constituents safe.   I would urge us to oppose Lawrence VanDyke's nomination.   I yield the floor.   