 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for  hosting this Special Order tonight on China.   I was watching the news today like most other folks are, and part of  the news says that the tariffs are the problem and the President is the  problem. That is what they are literally saying in the United States of  America today.   Ladies and gentlemen, the tariffs aren't the problem and the  President isn't the problem. China is the problem. They have been the  problem for a long time, but nobody in the United States has been  willing to confront it.   For many years, China has pursued industrial policies and unfair  trade practices that include dumping, discriminatory nontariff  barriers, forced technology transfer, overcapacity, and industrial  subsidies, all this to champion Chinese firms and make it literally  impossible for American firms to compete. People say: Well, all these  jobs went to China. All these jobs went overseas.   How do you think that happened? It happened because China is not a  reasonable actor. They are not playing fair. They have not been playing  fair, and they have been taking advantage of the United States and  other countries for a very, very long time. Finally, there is a  President who is willing to confront them.   Let's talk about China as the world's largest principal IP infringer,  and their government actually encourages the theft of intellectual  property.   People talk about the value of these tariffs. Nobody likes the  tariffs in the United States. We don't want to have to do this, but we  have limited options.   They said the cost of the tariffs. Well, how about the cost,  annually, of IP theft, anywhere from $225 billion to $600 billion,  including counterfeit goods, pirated software, and theft of trade  secrets. That is every year, regardless of any tariff in the United  States. That is just what the Chinese steal, sanctioned by the Chinese  Government.    Our IP-intensive industries support at least 45 million U.S. jobs.  Are we going to wait until all those head to China as well? For every  high-tech job in the United States, five jobs are created indirectly in  a local economy.   Actually, China accounts for 87 percent of counterfeit goods seized  coming into the United States. It starts making you wonder why we allow  any of their goods to come into the United States.   China conducts and supports cyber intrusions into the United States'  computer networks to gain access to valuable research and business  information so Chinese companies can just literally copy products and  processes. What are some examples? Well, just things like a vacuum  cleaner to solar panel technology.   Does anybody wonder why we buy so many solar panels from China? They  stole them from us, and then they are selling them back to us. Who is  the fool here?   And how about the blueprints to the Boeing C-17? Anybody deployed  around the world lately in military uniform? It is good to know that  China has the plans.   Hackers from China with ties to the government have been accused of  breaking into gas companies, steel companies, and chemical companies. A  Chinese Government company was indicted for stealing the secret  chemical makeup of the color white from DuPont.   China developed its J-20 fighter plane, a plane similar to Lockheed- Martin's F-22 Raptor, shortly after a Chinese national was indicted for  stealing technical data from Lockheed-Martin, including plans for the  Raptor.   In 2010, Google went public in announcing that it had been hacked by  the Chinese Government; and in December of 2018, two Chinese nationals  were charged with hacking more than 45 companies in coordination with  China's state security service.   These are just a few of the cases.   Just a couple of months ago, in The Wall Street Journal, it was  reported that 27 universities located across the United States were  targeted by Chinese hackers due to their involvement in research of  military-use maritime technology. You heard some of the speakers just  recently talk about China's newfound military and naval prowess.   Let's go into some of the CFIUS reports, the Committee on Foreign  Investment in the United States. CFIUS ordered a Chinese health data  analytics firm backed by Tencent to sell its majority stake in  PatientsLikeMe, which helps connect people suffering from the same  illness.   Why would China hack that, you wonder? Well, if you can think about  any data that you have--your very, very personal data, including  sicknesses that you might have--China actually wants that kind of  stuff, and they don't have good intentions for it.   CFIUS blocked the $1.2 billion purchase of MoneyGram, a money  transfer firm, by Ant Financial, an Alibaba affiliate, on national  security grounds.   In 2017, American officials warned that DJI, a leading drone maker,  was probably sending data on critical infrastructure back to China's  Government. The U.S. Army barred DJI drones from its bases. But if you  don't know you have a DJI drone and you are operating on a military  base, you can probably be self-assured that China is collecting the  information and you are actually helping them.   How about this? In 2018, American Government agencies were banned  from using cameras made by Hikvision, the world's biggest manufacturer  of closed-circuit TV kits. We actually had to ban them, and the  government was buying them. They are spying on us in our own government  buildings because we are buying their cameras, and we know it is  happening.   It is incredible, ladies and gentlemen. China is the problem. It is  not the President and it is not the tariff. It is what China does.   Then there is the race to 5G, which America must win. China is on  pace to be the global leader in 5G technology. That is just how it is.  They actually beat Ericsson, and now a spy state--a spy state--is on  track to be the leader in 5G technology.   We simply must work with our allies to stop the introduction of  Huawei equipment--that is who is making it--into foreign networks. It  threatens the integrity of personal data, government secrets, military  operations, and democratic principles.   When the United States military operates around the world, we use the  backbone architecture oftentimes to communicate. If that backbone  communications architecture has been made by Huawei, we might as well  just be telling China exactly what we are doing. Our tactic, technique,  procedures are all given up immediately to China.   Social media, medical services, gaming, location services, payment,  and banking information, every single thing that happens over the  internet, if it is happening over a Huawei 5G network, they are knowing  about it.   The Pentagon, just last month, warned of ``near persistent data  transfer back to China.'' Near persistent, so just continuous data  transfer. And they use this information to coerce and punish not only  their own citizens, but people in countries around the world.   And again, the 2017 intelligence law in China requires any  organization or citizen to support, assist, and cooperate with the  security services of China's communist government.   Now, let's be clear here. We are not talking about the Chinese  people, but we are talking about the Communist Party in China. We are  talking about their leadership, and we are talking about their  government. That is who we are talking about there.   Again, the Chinese dominance in 5G threatens future U.S. military  operations. We will not be able to operate. We will have to set up our  own network everywhere we go where Huawei is responsible for 5G  networking. These are just national security risks that happen in  Europe and across Africa.   You need to know, as well, that Huawei's equipment does not  interoperate with any other vendor. So if you are using Huawei  equipment, even if it is 4G, it doesn't interoperate with anything, so  you are forced to buy Huawei for 5G if you want to advance.    Other people have talked about China's global influence--unrestricted  warfare--in every single paradigm.   Ladies and gentlemen, the tariffs are not the problem. Unfortunately,  China has been in an economic war with us for about four decades.  [[Page H3778]]    The President is not the problem. China and this malign behavior to  us and democracies around the globe are the problem.   I am glad we are finally talking about it. I hope that the rest of  our colleagues here in the House of Representatives will join us in  researching and becoming aware and informed about China's activities  and then supporting policies that deal with China's malign activities  in our universities, technology transfer, and--you name it.   