 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment prohibiting the use of  funds from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund to provide assistance  to Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates if such assistance could be  used in hostilities in Yemen.   Nearly every Member in this Chamber has made it very clear that we  are concerned about civilian casualties resulting from the conflict in  Yemen. However, this amendment does not address that concern.   The war in Yemen must end, but, as Iran continues to finance terror  and help the Houthis, who have overthrown the government, the  consequence will be utter devastation for the Yemeni civilians.   Our assistance for the coalition opposing Houthi and Iranian terror  in Yemen started in 2015 during the Obama administration when the  Houthis overthrew a legitimate government, with Iran's assistance.   The Houthis fired missiles against the coalition, with support from  Iran, and the U.S. provided intelligence and logistical support in  compliance with the Law of Armed Conflict.   Iran poses a massive geostrategic threat in the area around Yemen,  throughout the Middle East, and to the United States and many of our  allies.   Right now, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Yemen, and the  U.S. share a common adversary in Iran.   We cannot signal to Iran that their continued aggression will be  tolerated. Iran's nefarious activities must be countered effectively.   The coalition continues to face an onslaught of Houthi attacks on  civilian targets, and the U.S. needs a nuanced approach that helps our  Nation, our partners, and avoids civilian casualties.   Instead, this amendment slams the door shut, crushing any opportunity  to see the region and civilians protected.   Have no doubt: The coalition will continue to purchase arms,  including defensive weapons, from other sources that have no regard for  how these weapons are deployed.   As a result of this amendment, the war in Yemen will not end, nor  will it assist the United States or our strategic allies in containing  Iran's malign influence in the region.   Mr. Chair, I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which  would prohibit any funds from being used to process any arms sales or  transfers to Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates pursuant to  emergency certification made under the Arms Export Control Act.   The President's emergency certification of May 24 to move 22 arms  sales as an emergency was to address increased threats from Iran to  U.S. security interests and Iran's continued efforts to destabilize the  region, which directly impacts our strategic allies.   The Democrat majority had been holding onto arms sales through  congressional notification requirements and abusing oversight power  with the Arms Export Control Act. Some of these requests by the  administration had been on hold for over a year, and there was no  progress in determining why.   We witnessed just last month, on June 19, Iran shot down a U.S.  military asset, a drone over international waters, one of many examples  of Iranian aggression toward the United States and other nations, many  in that region surrounding Iran.   There is no doubt that Iran is an increased threat.   Mr. Chair, I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I just want to point out Chairman Engel has  been approaching this issue in a little more of a surgical approach in  looking at Federal law. I think that that would be the more appropriate  tactic in being able to work together in a bipartisan fashion on this  issue.   This amendment, with all due respect to my good friend from  California, is a little more of a sledgehammer. I think he would  probably say that that would be true, unapologetically.   I, though, would certainly encourage my colleagues, really, on both  sides of the aisle, to be able to work together through concerns that  others may have rather than passing this particular amendment.   There has been a hold that has been placed for a very long time. And  I would encourage any Members of Congress who are responsible for that  hold or support the hold to articulate to us and to the administration  exactly what the hold is, what the concerns are, and how we can work  through it together.   I hope that we all are in unanimity with concern over Iranian  aggression in the Middle East. We are all in unanimity with concern  when we see Iran--beyond the rhetorical calling us the great Satan-- pledging death to America, building a land bridge across the Middle  East, supporting Assad in Syria and financing Hezbollah in Lebanon.   And, certainly, there are the concerns with the movement in shipping  lanes around Yemen, a conflict that the Houthis, in overthrowing a  legitimate government, did with the backing of the Iranians.   So, there are a lot of concerns that we have on our side of the aisle  as it relates to Iranian aggression, and I hope that we can work  together in dealing with those concerns that we all have as it relates  to Iranian aggression.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I also think it is important to note that the  United States has not engaged in direct hostilities in Yemen. We  stopped the refueling of Saudi aircraft, so the activities have  actually, in many respects, been walked back from what was historically  known as being directly engaged in hostilities on the ground, which is  just not the case here as it relates to the United States.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, I would urge all of my colleagues to  oppose this amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I completely support Congress' solemn duty  under Article I of the Constitution to authorize the commitment of U.S.  troops to foreign hostilities; but that is not the only issue here.   This amendment attempts to block intelligence sharing to our  strategic partners such as Saudi Arabia at a time when those partners  have civilian targets that are actively being attacked by Iran-backed  Houthi rebels.   Intelligence sharing can help our partners protect their forces and  their civilians. It can also help them ensure that they are hitting  their correct targets, thereby minimizing civilian casualties.  [[Page H5599]]    Additionally, the Iran-backed Houthis are stepping up its attacks on  U.S. assets in Yemen. CENTCOM confirmed that the Houthis shot down a  U.S. drone earlier this summer. If we cut off intelligence sharing with  our strategic partners, it will certainly have repercussions that  diminish our abilities to protect our own assets.   There is reason that a bipartisan majority supported exempting  intelligence sharing from the War Powers Resolution on Yemen that we  considered earlier this year. It is because this type of cooperation is  essential to U.S. interests in the region, including ensuring  responsible conduct of the war in Yemen.   It is important to point out that here, in this case with Yemen, the  Houthis overthrew a government with the backing of Iran. Iran is the  world's largest state sponsor of terror. They do many malign,  nonnuclear, nefarious activities.   While, for good reason, we give the most amount of attention to  Iran's nuclear activities--they call Israel the Little Satan, the  United States the Great Satan, and they pledge death to America in  their parliament and on their streets and in their holidays--they have  been attempting to build a land bridge to the west of the country.    They have a much more growing influence within the government of  Iraq. They have been propping up Assad in Syria. They have been  financing rockets and other activities to support Hezbollah in Lebanon.   When you look towards the Strait of Bab al-Mandab, and the area  around Yemen, and the strategic advantage for Iran to be able to  successfully help the Houthis in overthrowing this government and  having long-term security, Iranian aggression has caused a realignment  of different alliances within the Middle East.   Many of these nations are looking at Israel differently than they  used to because they are so concerned with Iranian aggression.   I think what is most important for U.S. interests in the Middle East  and, specifically, in Yemen, one, it is critically important, and as  the gentleman said in his point, minimizing civilian casualties must be  of a bipartisan concern. It should be one of international concern,  most importantly, for innocent civilians who end up losing their life.   Additionally, those who are cutting off access to humanitarian aid is  also of great concern and great debate.   So for myself, speaking for myself specifically, as it relates to  Yemen, I am greatly concerned by the Houthis activities backed by Iran,  and it is one that we should successfully be hoping that that  aggression is pushed back to the point that Houthis are unsuccessful;  that Iran is unsuccessful, and they are pushed back to their own  country, back in a defensive posture, and we don't see further  aggression in more countries.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Crawford).    Mr. Chair, who has the right to close?    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I would just encourage all my colleagues to oppose this amendment for  reasons that were stated, hopefully, with great concern across this  entire body on both sides of the aisle as it relates to Iranian  aggression.   We need to work together, really all around the world or wherever the  United States can be of assistance to minimize civilian casualties, to  get access to humanitarian aid.   There is debate at times of who is responsible, but I think it is  important for us to do a better job working together to achieve the  results that are in the best interests of the United States, even  though we have debates at times of the best way to get there.   I encourage all Members to vote ``no.''   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   