 Mr. President, although I had prepared my remarks to  address what many of my colleagues have just covered--and that would be  the preposterous proposal of the Green New Deal--I want to take a  little different angle.   I think there is a point where so often those of us on the  conservative side of the ledger, I think, get overwhelmed by the  conversation being dominated by the other side. It is a fertile ground  to want to try to use a better environment to parlay that incremental  way into more government.   I think what we have here is just like addressing healthcare costs.  We had ObamaCare--the Affordable Care Act--which turned out to be the  ``Uncomfortable Care Act,'' but there were issues that were valid. In  my own company years ago, I was worried about it. I drafted a plan that  was proactive, addressed high healthcare costs, and made the pledge  that you should never go broke because you get sick or have a bad  accident. I crafted a plan through the real world that cut costs, and  my employees have not paid a premium increase in 9 years.   I want to talk about the Green New Deal. I am a conservationist, and  I am a member of the Nature Conservancy, as a business and an  individual. We cannot let the other side co-opt the issue and preempt  it because they think the argument is on their side. I am not going to  belabor the point that I think it is preposterous. I want to make the  point that if you think any of that can be done--whether it is $50  trillion or $93 trillion--keep in mind that we are running nearly  trillion-dollar deficits. We are $22 trillion in debt. Does that sound  like anything that the Federal Government could actually solve in a  sustainable way when we are in a pickle like we are currently in?   Until we change the dynamic here and get individuals who know how to  do things where it works, in States like Indiana and in many States,  and maybe let States have a bigger hand in the equation, where their  budgets are balanced, where they have cash balances, and where it is  not a false hope.   Let's look at the particulars of what the Green New Deal is supposed  to do in addition to cleaning up our environment, which we have made  great strides with. It is being spun as an economic argument. It is the  exact opposite of that. I want to challenge folks on our side of the  ledger, from the practical side, to where we generally lose out on the  general argument, and, incrementally, things change against us over  time.   We just had legislation pass in 2017. I want to tell this little  story of what we did in our own special way. I am going to challenge  enterprisers and I am going to challenge businesses across the country  to think about this as a way to avoid that.   In 2017 we had, in my opinion--for enterprisers, small businesses,  and farmers; and I have been involved in both--the biggest opportunity  that has come along in years. We are keeping more of our own resources  and not sending it here to a broken institution that has given us all  of these deficits and debt, but we have to do something with it.   Back in January of 2018, my son, who is one of my three kids now in  my business, said: Dad, let's take tax reform and share the benefits  with employees.   That is a great idea. I didn't think it would have a bigger political  meaning until he said: Hey, let's put it in the company memo that it is  due to tax reform. We have taken, in my mind, the biggest thing we  could do--whether you want to return the dividends into the  environment, into higher wages, or into whatever you want to do--and we  have had less than a year to run with it. All I know is that like many  companies in Indiana, we lowered healthcare costs and flattened them  for 9 years. We raised 401(k) benefits. We started quarterly bonuses  instead of just annual ones.   We are doing what I think this country needs to do--quit looking to  the Federal Government to solve all of our problems, even when they  have an argument like that we need to further improve our environment,  that we need to avoid what could possibly be a catastrophe down the  road, where we do stick our head in the sand.   Don't look to this institution to do it because I don't think you can  credibly say that you can do anything in the context of the product  that has been delivered over the last decade or two. States,  individuals, businesses, organizations--but especially businesses,  because we have reaped the benefits, in my opinion, of the biggest  legislation that has occurred in decades--must put our money where our  mouth is, where my company's is. Invest in your employees and change  the system from the bottom up, not from the top down.   