 Mr. President, I oppose the nomination of David Black  to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security. I have longstanding  concerns about how management at the Social Security Administration has  treated the unions representing their workforce, and I am concerned  about the role that Mr. Black may have played in these anti-union  practices.   SSA was especially hostile towards its workers when it implemented  the anti-union Executive orders that President Trump issued on May 25,  2018. SSA was one of the few agencies to evict unions from office space  pursuant to the Executive orders, in the brief time before a Federal  district court issued an injunction blocking key parts of the Executive  orders. SSA also abrogated its unexpired contract with administrative  law judges who are represented by the International Federation of  Professional and Technical Engineers, which even the Executive orders  themselves expressly prohibited.   After the Executive orders were blocked in court, SSA went to the  Federal Service Impasses Panel to impose a contract on workers  represented by the American Federation of Government Employees, and the  terms of this contract were highly similar to provisions of the  Executive orders. SSA is now using similar tactics against workers  represented by National Treasury Employees Union.   We need to stop a bad situation from getting worse. The Senate should  demand stronger commitments to improve labor relations from President  Trump's nominees for leadership positions at SSA.  [[Page S5651]]    When SSA took these anti-union actions, Mr. Black was the White House  senior adviser at the Social Security Administration. Despite Mr.  Black's responsibility for SSA, he claimed in a letter to me that, ``I  was not involved in SSA's implementation of the EOs.''   It is my understanding, however, that there is a pending Freedom of  Information Act request that may shed new light on Mr. Black's  involvement with the Executive orders. SSA has stated that an email  records search generated thousands of emails that need to be reviewed  for pertinence and disclosure in response to the request, and that  review is still ongoing. I certainly hope that SSA's response will  confirm Mr. Black's statement that he was not involved with the  Executive orders, but the Senate should wait until all the facts are in  before moving forward with his confirmation.   For those reasons, I will oppose Mr. Black's nomination at this time.   