 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1838, the Hong  Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act.   I want to say thank you to Speaker Nancy Pelosi for her incredible  leadership in ensuring that the House made a timely and unequivocal  statement in support of the Hong Kong people at this very important and  vital time.   I would also like to thank Congressman Chris Smith of New Jersey, as  well as Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul for bringing this  legislation to the floor today. I also appreciate the leadership of  Senators Rubio, Cardin, and Menendez for all that they have done.   Mr. Speaker, in recent months, the situation in Hong Kong has  worsened as the Chinese and Hong Kong Governments have escalated  repression against the protest movement and provoked more violence and  chaos.   The recent attacks on university campuses, including last weekend  against students at Hong Kong Polytechnic University raises disturbing  questions on the strategy of the Chinese and Hong Kong Governments.  Protestors were violently assaulted and not even allowed to escape  without facing a barrage of tear gas and police brutality.   It is long past time for the Chinese and Hong Kong Governments to try  a different approach that respects the people of Hong Kong and restores  the people's faith in the autonomy of the government. That is what  political leaders do, they use dialogue and negotiation to achieve  their goals. The demands of the protestors are reasonable, and an  independent inquiry into the police violence is more than justified.   In what was initially a positive development, this week the Hong Kong  High Court decided that the government's recent facemask ban was  unconstitutional. Unfortunately, the fierce  [[Page H9095]]  response by Beijing to that ruling and claim of sole jurisdiction over  constitutional review almost certainly violates the basic law, subverts  the rule of law, and further undermines whatever trust the Hong Kong  people have left in their governing institutions.   If the Hong Kong court system is not sufficiently autonomous, then it  is difficult, if not impossible, to argue that Hong Kong is  sufficiently autonomous. It should be clear by now that Hong Kong's  leaders are beholden to the Chinese Government, and the independence of  the judiciary is being undermined.    The ``one country, two systems'' framework enshrined in the 1984  Sino-British Joint Declaration and Hong Kong's basic law has been  rapidly eroding and has now reached a point when the United States has  no choice but to modify its policy toward Hong Kong.   It is time we put the Chinese Government on annual notice that  further erosion of autonomy or a crackdown will cause the city, which  serves as an important financial haven for wealthy Chinese elites, to  lose its special economic, financial and trade arrangement with the  United States.   Further, the legislation authorizes sanctions against individuals who  violate human rights, and states that Hong Kong visa applicants should  not be denied entry to the U.S. on the basis of politically-motivated  arrests due to their protest activities.   Today a Chinese official said that they will take strong opposing  measures if the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy bill passes.   Well, I have a message for Beijing: The United States will not stand  idly by while the Chinese Government stifles free expression and  tightens its grip on Hong Kong.   Over the years, Hong Kong has prospered and become the financial  center of Asia because of its strong commitment to the rule of law,  good governance, human rights, and an open economic system.   We must use our leverage to help the people of Hong Kong in their  struggle to secure a democratic future that protects Hong Kong's  autonomy and way of life.   I am proud to support this legislation, which we will pass today with  an overwhelmingly bipartisan majority.   I now call upon the President of the United States, who has been way  too silent on this issue, to sign the bill into law.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California (Mr.  Sherman) for his leadership on this and so many other important issues  to uphold a high standard of human rights.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2710, the Placing Restrictions  on Teargas Exports and Crowd Control Technology to Hong Kong Act,  otherwise known as the PROTECT Hong Kong Act.   I am proud to have introduced this bipartisan legislation, along with  my colleagues Chris Smith from New Jersey and Ro Khanna from  California, in the House. Senator Merkley and Senator Cornyn introduced  it in the Senate.   This bill responds to the excessive and unnecessary use of force by  the Hong Kong police targeting those engaged in peaceful protests.   The PROTECT Hong Kong Act prohibits U.S. exports of police equipment  to Hong Kong, including tear gas, pepper spray, grenades, rubber  bullets, foam rounds, beanbag rounds, pepper balls, water cannons, stun  guns, and tasers.   The Hong Kong Police Force is simply out of control. The reckless and  escalating use of violence flies in the face of manufacturer guidelines  and international standards on the use of force. In recent days, the  world has seen eyewitness evidence showing protesters sprayed with tear  gas directly in the face at short distances, rampant beatings and  arbitrary arrests of people ages 11 to 74, police driving at high  speeds into crowds, and unarmed protesters shot with live rounds.   The British Government already suspended export licenses for the sale  of tear gas and crowd control equipment until concerns about human  rights abuses are addressed. The United Nations High Commissioner for  Human Rights called for an investigation of the use of crowd control  tactics in Hong Kong.   Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. It is time for American companies to  stop selling police equipment that is being used to suppress peaceful  protests.   Mr. Speaker, today, we will cast votes on two pieces of legislation  that will make it crystal clear to Beijing that we in this Congress in  a bipartisan manner stand in solidarity with the protesters of Hong  Kong, and we also stand with them in their demands, among which is  there needs to be an independent investigation and inquiry into the  brutal tactics of the Hong Kong Police Force.   It is absolutely outrageous. It is unacceptable. It goes beyond the  pale. We have all seen the pictures, the photographs, and the videos  that are on social media. Anybody who cares about human rights will  stand with us proudly and vote for these two pieces of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this PROTECT Hong  Kong Act.   