 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise  in support of the joint resolution, which disapproves the removal of  sanctions against three companies owned by the Russian oligarch and  Putin crony, Oleg Deripaska. Mr. Deripaska's complicity and Putin's  efforts to undermine our democracy and those of our allies is well  known, and this is without the benefit of what the special counsel has  investigated and thus far uncovered.   Simply put, the Treasury Department has not provided Congress with  convincing evidence that the deal reached with Mr. Deripaska truly ends  his control over the companies. And the Treasury Department has not  provided Congress with convincing evidence that Mr. Deripaska will not,  in fact, benefit financially from the divestiture of these businesses.   These sanctions were imposed last year on Mr. Deripaska and these  companies, over Mr. Deripaska's malign efforts and the Kremlin's malign  efforts to interfere in our democracy, as well as the efforts to invade  Russia's neighbor and the continuing destabilization of Ukraine.   The simple reality is, having imposed these sanctions as a deterrent,  nothing has changed in the Kremlin's behavior to warrant the relaxation  of these sanctions.   Sanctions are imposed for a reason. The reason these were imposed was  because of the malevolent actions of Mr. Deripaska and the Kremlin.  They are intended to influence the Kremlin's behavior. So what has  changed that merits now the relaxation of these sanctions? The answer  is nothing.   The Russian actions in the last election continued, through the  manipulation of social media, to meddle in our democratic affairs.  Violence along the line of contact between Russia and Ukraine continues  and within Ukraine continues. Nothing has changed in the Kremlin  behavior.   Nothing has changed to warrant Treasury lifting these sanctions, and  so I join my colleagues.    Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues on a bipartisan basis,  and I thank my colleague from Texas for his support to disapprove of  this relaxation of sanctions on Russia and Mr. Deripaska, and to urge  the rest of the Congress to join us.   