 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on  the committee and on this issue and for yielding me this time.   The opportunity that we have today here to present the Kleptocracy  Asset Recovery Rewards Act is a very important moment.  [[Page H3767]]    I also want to thank my colleagues, the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Budd) and also the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen), who have  also contributed hard work in developing and cosponsoring this  legislation.   Foreign dictators who rob the treasuries of developing nations, where  independent judiciaries are rare, and the rule of law is often weak, is  not a new problem; but, unfortunately, it is a growing problem.   It is now estimated that more than $1 trillion is lost to bribes and  official corruption around the world each year. A significant portion  of those illicit proceeds are used to support organized crime and  terrorist organizations, further destabilizing the social institutions  where this corruption occurs, often in developing countries who can  least afford it.   This undermines the local rule of law and contributes to the regional  insecurity and instabilities in neighboring countries.   Governments that are weakened by corruption have fewer resources to  provide basic services, to establish a stable business climate, and to  create jobs. They also have fewer resources to devote to building  strong law enforcement and judicial institutions to combat exploitation  by terrorists and criminal organizations.   It is a sad fact that today much of this stolen money ends up here,  in bank accounts right here in the United States.   H.R. 389 fights back against the spreading influence of this  corruption. The Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Act establishes a  rewards program to incentivize individuals to notify law enforcement  and authorities of assets stolen from foreign treasuries and illegally  transferred to the United States.   Now, I appreciate the gentleman's concerns about making sure that bad  actors don't participate in this incentive program.   This program replicates the incentives that have been utilized by the  United States Department of Justice and the FBI for decades to take  down criminal drug cartels with the help of paid informants.   While the United States has many effective programs to reward  individuals who provide valuable information toward curbing criminal  behavior, none of our programs currently have been designed to take aim  at recovering stolen assets linked to foreign government kleptocracy.   Kleptocracy by foreign leaders can drain the hope and faith of  struggling peoples around the globe who strive for social justice and  equal rights.   This bill recognizes that foreign corruption takes many forms and  that individuals who come forward to expose corruption often do so at  great personal peril to themselves and to their families.   So, as transnational criminal enterprises persist, and terrorists  adapt to the different mechanisms that we use, we must provide law  enforcement with fresh tools to address these emerging threats.   H.R. 389 does exactly that.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, the chairwoman for her  cooperation and leadership. I thank my colleagues on the other side,  especially Mr. Budd, for his work on this bill as well. I thank my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working with me on this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   