 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, Sullys Hill is a national game preserve  that is located entirely within the Spirit Lake Nation in North Dakota.  I have a bill, S. 2099, that I want to ask to be voted on shortly. If  enacted, my bill would change the game preserve's name from ``Sullys  Hill'' to the English translation of its traditional Dakota name,  ``White Horse Hill.''   The name change has the full support of the Spirit Lake Nation and  all of the leadership of the local, State, and national government in  North Dakota, including the entire North Dakota congressional  delegation: my colleague, Senator Hoeven, chairman of the Indian  Affairs Committee, and Congressman Kelly Armstrong, who has an  identical bill introduced in the House.   In 1904, the game preserve was named after GEN Alfred Sully.  Unfortunately, General Sully gained notoriety by committing several  massacres of Native Americans, most notably on September 3, 1863, in  the Dakota Territory. As reprisal for the Dakota conflict of 1862, his  troops destroyed a village of over 500 teepees that lodged the Yankton,  Dakota, and Lakota people, killing hundreds of Native Americans. Many  of the descendants of his victims live on the very Tribal lands that  surround this hill.   With the issues that our Federal Government is dealing with today,  changing the name of a game preserve in North Dakota may seem like a  small matter, but let me assure you, Mr. President and colleagues, this  is no small matter to the people of the Spirit Lake Nation. I am sorry  it has taken us so long to correct this wrong. It has taken us over 100  years to correct this mistake.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 223, S. 2099.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   