 Fifty years ago this Saturday, in Cleveland, OH, about 7  miles from where my wife and I now live, sparks from a railcar  traveling over the Cuyahoga River near Lake Erie ignited debris in the  water below, lighting our river on fire for what would be the last  time. It wasn't the first time the river had burned. It wasn't the  biggest fire ever on the river, but it surely had the most impact.   Soon after that fire, Time magazine published a story calling the  Cuyahoga River one of the worst rivers in the country. It was hard even  for us who live in Ohio to argue otherwise.   I remember how polluted the river was and the lake was when I was  growing up. Even to a child, it was obvious that most of what was in  the river didn't belong in that river. Industry used the river as an  open sewer, and oil coated the Cuyahoga River.   We knew that for generations Ohio's industry powered our country,  making the steel that won our wars, built our skyscrapers, and went  into the cars and trucks that carried our products and workers around  the country. But our river--the Cuyahoga River--paid the price.   The city's own wastewater system was outdated and ill-equipped for  what was then America's tenth largest city. Americans were horrified by  the scenes of that burning river. It was a wake-up call to people all  over our great country that industrial pollution had real costs.   People were becoming more and more aware of the scope of our  environmental problems--polluted air, dirty rivers and lakes, oil  spills off our coasts.   Citizens woke up. Citizens demanded that their government take  action. Our mayor in Cleveland, Carl Stokes, helped to lead the charge,  pressing this Congress for Federal help.   Congress passed the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act. Congress  created the Environmental Protection Agency. The country celebrated the  first Earth Day, and we made real progress.   The city of Cleveland, the State of Ohio, and citizen activists  transformed  [[Page S4150]]  the Cuyahoga River Valley. Representatives Ralph Regula, a Republican,  and John Seiberling, a Democrat, led efforts to create the Cuyahoga  Valley National Recreation Area, which later became the Cuyahoga Valley  National Park.   Think of that. There aren't that many national parks east of the  Mississippi River--a national park in the Cuyahoga River Valley.   Today our river is home to more than 60 species of fish. Families  canoe and kayak and fish. The industrial river valley in downtown  Cleveland, what we call the Flats, has been transformed into a center  for recreation entertainment.   NPR this week said that the cleanup ``has been such a success that  environmental officials travel from around the world to take notes.''   All the cleanup we have done has not hurt our economy--far from it.  We know the talking points. We hear from lobbyists in this building. We  know the talking points we hear from corporations. They say that  environmental protections hurt businesses and kill jobs.   The Cuyahoga proves them 180 degrees wrong. The river transports  millions of tons of materials to and from local industries and supports  15,000 jobs. It produces $1.7 billion in economic activity.   For all that progress, more needs to be done. Last week, I was on the  shores of Lake Erie and held a roundtable with Ohioans who love this  lake. They told me they are worried that after 50 years of progress on  the Cuyahoga and across Lake Erie, the shallowest and most vulnerable  of the Great Lakes, we are at risk of going backward. The lake is  threatened by harmful algal blooms and by climate change. I thank  Senator Whitehouse for being the most important Member of this Senate  talking about that issue every day, every day, every day. The lake is  threatened by invasive species, and it is threatened by emerging  contaminants that are in our drinking water.   Unfortunately, we have a President and an administration that deny  climate science and that yesterday, again, with their announcement,  want to give polluters free rein.   The President has tried every year to gut the Great Lakes Restoration  Initiative, which keeps our five Great Lakes clean. Every single year  the President has tried to do that. His EPA proposes leaving thousands  of miles of waterways unprotected. They have abandoned the Paris  Agreement--the best blueprint we have to combat climate change.   Having watched for 50 years, first as a young child, then, having  seen what has happened, having watched for 50 years the cleanup of this  great lake and the waterways in my State, which is still an industrial  State and still an agriculture State, I know we can't go back. We can't  let our country return to the days when our rivers flowed with trash,  sewage, and industrial waste, and our air and water made our children  sick.   We can't ignore climate change, one of the great moral issues of our  time.   Let's honor this 50th anniversary by committing ourselves to trusting  our scientists, protecting our lakes and rivers, taking action to  preserve our country for our children and our grandchildren before it  is too late.   