 Mr. President, on September 10, just a few months ago,  Lauren Bruner, a veteran of Pearl Harbor, December 7, 1941, passed  away. Mr. Bruner wasn't just any veteran. He was a veteran who served  on the USS Arizona during the attack that morning.   On Saturday, December 7, millions of Americans across the country  will pay tribute to the attack at Pearl Harbor National Memorial to  commemorate what happened that morning, which brought the United States  fully into the Second World War. Aboard the USS Arizona were 1,512  officers, sailors, and marines. The attack that day on December 7  killed 1,177 of them, and 335 brave people survived that morning.  Lauren Bruner, who passed away September 10, was one of four who were  on that ship that December morning in 1941 who have survived.   Lauren Bruner passed away at the age of 98, and on this Saturday, his  ashes will be interred at the USS Arizona to join his shipmates--those  who were lost that morning and others who have joined their fellow  sailors, marines, and officers since.   Three men remain that are veterans of that war from the USS Arizona:  Lou Conter, 98 years old; Ken Potts, 98 years old; and Donald Stratton,  97 years old from Colorado Springs, CO. Ken Potts and Don Stratton will  join together for most likely the last time this Saturday as they will  watch a live video feed of the ceremony at Pearl Harbor at the USS  Arizona Memorial to view the interment of their shipmate, Lauren  Bruner, at the USS Arizona.   The Senate was able to play a small role in recognizing what brought  Don Stratton, Lauren Bruner, and the others together. You see, on that  morning, when their ship was bombed, Lauren Bruner had been shot in the  leg and Donald Stratton was on fire. The two of them and four of their  other shipmates were on a control tower as the ship was on fire when a  rope appeared. It was a line from the USS Vestal, a ship next to the  USS Arizona. A line was thrown from a sailor named Joe George. They  tied to the tower and were able to shimmy across 70 feet from the  burning USS Arizona--while they were on fire--to the USS Vestal, to  their safety.   Lauren Bruner had 70 percent of his body burned and was shot in the  leg. Don Stratton suffered burns and spent a year in the hospital as a  result. He went back into the service to continue the rest of the war.   This Chamber in Congress helped make sure that the gentleman who  threw that rope, that lifeline from the USS Vestal to the USS Arizona,  received final recognition for his act of heroism. Joe George went for  decades without recognition for his act of bravery to save these six  sailors. He was able to receive just a couple of years ago, on December  7, 2017, the Bronze Star, in recognition of his acts.   December 7, 2017, also marked the last time that Donald Stratton was  able to join the memorial service to commemorate December 7, Pearl  Harbor. I have this picture here that I will show of Donald Stratton,  who again this weekend will be joining Ken Potts as Lauren Bruner is  interred to join the other men and women who lost their lives that  morning.   This is an opportunity for us to once again say thank you to the  2,403 people overall at Pearl Harbor who were killed, to the people who  survived, who went on to fight the Second World War, and our veterans  today who live and continue to live a legacy that was given to them  that December 7 morning.   On Saturday, as we join our families and do weekend work, I hope we  will take a little bit of time to reflect once again on a dark chapter  in American history that led to a great American century, to be  thankful to the men and women who served our country, to the men and  women who fight for our Nation each and every day, to the people like  Ken Potts and Lou Conter and Donald Stratton, who continue to remind us  each and every moment why this Nation is worth fighting for.   I yield the floor.   