 Mr. President, I am proud to speak today in  honor of Military Appreciation Month.   Our men and women in uniform are true heroes. They risk their lives  every day to protect our freedoms and our way of life.   I had the opportunity to serve in the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam  war, and my adopted father was one of the few who made all four combat  jumps in the 82nd Airborne during World War II.   As Governor, I made it my mission to turn Florida into the most  military- and veteran-friendly State in the Nation, and we succeeded.  We championed important legislation and funding to support priorities  that matter most to Florida's military families, and we took every  opportunity to recognize veterans for their service.   Florida has 20 military bases and 3 unified commands--more than  almost any other State. As Governor, I met regularly with Florida's  base commanders to see how I could help support their missions and  their troops. As a Senator, I continue to host base commander meetings  to make sure our military has every resource they need.   America is blessed with the protection of the strongest military in  the world. Our military provides not only for the safety of our country  but also leads in supporting our allies and protecting freedom and  democracy across the globe.   For decades, we have invested in building our military into the most  lethal fighting force in the history of the world, but we live in a  dangerous world, and we must avoid complacency.   Our military readiness was diminished by budget cuts and the  sequester under President Obama, which reduced defense spending across  the board. The dysfunction in Washington has many consequences, but a  significantly weakened military is the most dangerous.   Our military superiority is never guaranteed. Russia and China  continue to build up their militaries with a single goal in mind: to  dominate the world stage.   To avoid a national security emergency, we must act now. That is why,  as a member of the Armed Services Committee, I am fighting to match the  President's request of $750 million in defense spending, and I am  fighting to secure a pay raise for our men and women in uniform--our  heroes.   I have also sponsored the Pay Our Coast Guard Act to make sure  military pay is never affected by a government shutdown.   We must also work together to pass disaster relief funding  immediately, which will help rebuild Tyndall Air Force Base following  the devastation of Hurricane Michael.   I will never lose sight of one of the most important roles I have as  a U.S. Senator: to protect and serve the families of our Nation. None  of us should lose sight of that.   I look forward to working closely with each of you to invest in  America's greatest asset--the men and women of our Armed Forces.   I yield the floor.   