 Madam Speaker, yes, we have the right to pass  a bill here in the House, as the gentleman just said. But we have the  right to actually pass a good bill, not a political stunt.   Why should we do this? I remember back in 2014--we are getting  nostalgic in this place--when the crisis began. President Obama said  there was a crisis. We all agreed.   In fact, the majority stayed an extra week because we couldn't craft  a bill. We finally crafted that bill, and it was a bipartisan bill that  passed with both parties voting for it. The money was delivered because  we knew that it mattered.   It was amazing to me, just a few weeks ago on this floor, one of my  colleagues came across, Madam Speaker, from Texas and said: We can't  vote for the funding that the President has asked for. Give us some  time to work it out and begin to work to make sure we get a good bill.   Well, we had a 5-hour bill. Is that time to work it out, Madam  Speaker? Was that putting it all together and getting it right? Or was  it lining up every constituency group and saying, ``Did we get a little  piece of this?'' so we could go back home and show that we are standing  for something while, at the same time, Madam Speaker, ignoring our  Border Patrol agents, ignoring those who put their lives on the line  every day?   Here is the problem. It is amazing that we ignore--though, I have to  admit that I have to say one thing is good: I came to the floor tonight  and heard there is a crisis on the border. Amazing. We have had  progress. Let's all stand up and cheer. There is a crisis on the  border.   We have been saying it for months. The New York Times and other media  said it. Finally, it sunk through, and now we are saying there is a  crisis on the border.   I guess 132,000 people were apprehended last month--84,000 family  unit members, 11,000 unaccompanied children, and 37,000 single adults  apprehended. Maybe it shows the time. The sheer volume increasing is  amazing.   There are ways we can fix this. We can give money. We can throw money  at a problem and attach so many restrictions to it, Madam Speaker.   The unfortunate part is that this ain't funny. These are kids. These  are families who are being perversely brought here by immigration laws  that are broken. I can't get anybody to talk about that.   I can't get the fact that our Flores settlement is forcing us into  situations like those the CBP and our Border Patrol agents are having  to deal with because ICE doesn't have the beds.   The majority leader pointed it out. We can't put people in beds that  don't exist. We also can't keep encouraging them to come across the  border, which is exactly what we are doing by having a Flores decision  that they know to just get here.   This bill will not let us look after the safety of those who are  coming across because we can't share information.   There is no safety. Do not vote for this bill thinking that we are  putting safety in here because we are not, because over 3,000 simple  members, Madam Speaker, 3,000 family units have been found to be  fraudulent.   There is common knowledge that they are borrowing, renting, and  buying children. It is there. Yet, that is what we want to do.   We won't fix Flores. We won't fix our Trafficking Victims Protection  Act. We won't work on asylum and credible fear.   After months of claiming there were no problems, we offer this as an  excuse. We offer this bill. It is something that won't fix it. It won't  become law because it is not working. We put every bit of what we want  to do into not helping children but putting restrictions on those who  want to help.   CBP does not want to keep these children and these unaccompanied  minors where they are. They don't want to keep asylum seekers from Cuba  bottled up because they can't get their asylum here because they are  having to process others. They don't want to do this. That is not their  job.   But this body and this job, we don't do ours because we simply keep  overlooking the perverse incentive to come here. We are encouraging  them. In fact, this body, 2 weeks ago, made another incentive with a  Dreamer bill that has no hope of becoming law but sends a clear signal  to Central America and anywhere else: Get here, and you will be fine.  Get past the border, and you will be fine.   It is frustrating to know that a bill that is humanitarian aid could  not even come to the floor within the last 24 hours without having to  be rewritten and rewritten and rewritten because we didn't have enough  nonenforcement in there, and we didn't have enough of other things in  there that really doesn't make this applicable.   H.R. 3401 even imposes so many conditions on the Office of Refugee  Resettlement to care for children that they can't even operate  temporary influx shelters as more and more unaccompanied aliens come  into the country.   They put severe limits on facilities, such as being licensed by the  State, although the shelters have to be in compliance with Federal  safety standards. They are the only emergency situation we have right  now. But we are ignoring that because we have to please somebody.    Madam Speaker, I will end with this. Some  people will come down here tonight and vote, and they are going to feel  good about themselves, Madam Speaker. But I will tell my colleagues  this, and I have said it before from this well: What makes them feel  good does not heal them.   Don't pretend, Madam Speaker, or anyone else who wants to vote for  this, that it has solved something, that it has accomplished something  until my colleagues take the situation and ask: Why are they coming?  How do we fix it? How do we give the men and women what they need to  fix this?    If my colleagues walk away feeling good about themselves, it may be  time tonight, Madam Speaker, before we go to bed, to look at ourselves  in the mirror and ask why.   