 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  1158, the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2019. I want to  thank the gentleman from Texas for managing this on the floor. I want  to thank the gentlewoman from New York for her comments.   Every day, we are facing threats from Russia, China, Iran, North  Korea, and other malicious actors trying to hit not only our Federal  Government networks, but our private sector.   During my time as chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee,  I prioritized ensuring that our Nation had the capacity to respond to  cyber threats and protect our critical infrastructure. I am proud to  say that we have made important strides in recent years, including  standing up the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency within  DHS.   However, we must press forward with innovative solutions to respond  to a constantly changing threat landscape. To that end, my bill  authorizes CISA's ability to maintain cyber incident response teams to  assist against cyberattacks on the government and private sector. These  teams not only help respond to cyberattacks, but also help mitigate the  potential destruction they cause and restore damaged networks after.   Additionally, my bill allows for leading industry specialists to  serve on these teams with the government and DHS to provide outside  expertise. It really provides a force multiplier, and I think it is a  very important step forward in the right direction. It ensures that we  have the best and brightest from both the public and private sector  working in unison to secure our critical infrastructure and vital  national networks.   These response teams are a force multiplier, enhancing our  cybersecurity workforce and helping protect our interconnected world.  This bill is critical to keeping our digital networks and  communications systems resilient and protected.   I would like to also thank Congressmen Langevin, Ratcliffe,  Ruppersberger, and Katko for joining me in introducing this bill.   This bill actually passed the House last Congress, and I sure hope we  can get it passed by the Senate and signed into law, because it is  urgently needed by the Department to protect the United States from  these critical cyberattacks.    Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution that  Chairman Engel and I introduced because of our serious concerns  regarding the United States-Turkey alliance.   Turkey has been a member of NATO for almost 70 years. Through our  bilateral and multilateral relationship, we have worked together to  advance our shared objectives.   However, I am deeply disturbed and concerned that our relationship is  increasingly characterized by bumps in the road. And right now, we are  all watching as Turkey stands at a fork in the road.   This summer, Turkey is scheduled to obtain the Russian S-400 defense  system. Purchasing the S-400 would have unavoidable negative  consequences for U.S.-Turkey relations.   By law, the purchase would trigger congressionally-mandated sanctions  under the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions law. The  purchase also puts at risk Turkish participation in the F-35 Joint  Strike Fighter  [[Page H4381]]  Program and broader security cooperation, including future U.S. arms  sales.   The F-35 program promotes NATO interoperability. And Turkey's  decision to complete the purchase of the S-400 would erode its  partnership in this multilateral alliance.   While we are deeply, deeply concerned about our alliance with Turkey,  we very much want to rehabilitate our relationship. Both sides of a  bilateral partnership need to take steps toward strengthening and  preserving it. That is why this resolution expresses full support for  the United States Government's offer to sell Turkey the Patriot system  if Turkey does not acquire the S-400. We want to give Turkey the  ability to accommodate its security needs without endangering its place  in NATO.   So Turkey really has a clear binary choice between buying Russian S- 400s and the U.S. offer to accelerate the delivery of Patriot missiles.   So I call upon Turkey to now step forward and choose the United  States and NATO over Russia.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Bilirakis).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Let me just say this: Chairman Engel and I met with the Foreign  Minister of Turkey and their Ambassador trying to avoid this impasse,  this choice between Russia and the United States.   And Chairman Engel and I talked about this alliance that we have with  them.    Nearly 70 years ago, NATO and the United States stood with Turkey  against growing Soviet aggression. In fact, that is the reason NATO was  formed in the first place. That is why we have Incirlik Air Force Base  in Turkey. And yet, the idea that Turkey would break from this alliance  and choose Russia over the United States, truly, is a defining moment  for Turkey.   I hope they are listening to this debate as we speak right now. They  still have time to salvage this, what I consider to be an error in  judgment of choosing Russia over NATO and the United States of America.   That is why this resolution is so important. It sends a very strong  message to Erdogan and to Turkey, that we are not going to allow this  to happen; and, in fact, it would run afoul of the sanctions that we  passed almost overwhelmingly in the House and Senate against Russia. It  would sort of violate the Russia sanctions law.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Engel for his strong  bipartisan support on this issue. We are on the right side of history,  and I urge my colleagues to support this.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the United States-Mexico Tourism  Improvement Act of 2019.   I want to thank Chairman Engel and also thank my good friend Henry  Cuellar for leading this legislation, which we introduced together  earlier this year.   I must say, the timing probably couldn't be better, as we avoided a  tariff situation on Mexico in exchange for some security cooperation.   We know, being from Texas, that Mexico is our largest trading  partner. Just last month, Mexico now has become the United States'  largest trading partner.   We understand well the value of tourism from our neighbors to the  south, what that provides to our economy. As a matter of fact, Mr.  Cuellar and I both chair the U.S.-Mexico Interparliamentary Group, and  I look forward to working together to strengthen our ties with the  Mexican Congress to address our mutual interests rather than divide.   Tourism between the United States and Mexico, in both directions, is  worth tens of billions of dollars to our economies every year. To help  increase these benefits, this bill directs the State Department to  develop a strategy to expand tourism through cooperation with Mexico,  including collaboration with governmental and nongovernmental entities.   Legitimate tourism between our two countries, in my view, strengthens  our economies, strengthens our cultures and our partnership together,  and should be encouraged and expanded.   Madam Speaker, once again, let me just thank my good friend Mr.  Cuellar for his hard work. He does a lot of good work between the  United States and Mexico, and I fully look forward to working together  with him as we serve together in this Congress.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Laredo, Texas, who really  made a good case for this bill. He knows, being the largest land port  in the United States, what trade and tourism means for Mexico and the  United States.   This bill will not only strengthen our economies, which is always a  positive thing, but I think it will strengthen our relationship. It  will also strengthen our security, working together, and it deepens our  rich cultural ties that we have and that we know is so important.   I think it is good for both nations, a step forward in the right  direction.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my good friend Henry Cuellar for  bringing this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   