 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 1585, the  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.   This amendment modestly modifies the bill to ensure that the  materials distributed to victims and survivors are available in  commonly encountered languages.   There are approximately 26 million Americans whose primary language  is not English. One in five American families speak another language at  home. In my home State of New York, that number is one in three.  Languages spoken throughout the country include Spanish, Chinese,  Tagalog, Vietnamese, and French, just to name a few.   H.R. 1585 provides that the Secretary of Labor may disseminate  information on the resources and rights available to survivors of  domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking. It is  important that all survivors and all victims, regardless of the  language they primarily speak or read, have access to such critical  information.   This amendment will not adversely impact Federal spending. In fact,  several agencies, including the Department of Labor, have similar  obligations to provide materials and notices in commonly encountered  languages, and guidance and resources are available on how to do so  consistent with existing provisions in other areas of law.   Let me also briefly express my support for this important and  significant legislation.   Since the Violence Against Women Act was first enacted 30 years ago,  it has helped to address the crisis of domestic and sexual violence  through vital grant programs and improved law enforcement response to  sexual crimes.   It has also elevated an important national conversation about this  issue, drawing attention to its prevalence, reducing stigma, and  encouraging survivors to get support.   I want to thank the distinguished chair of the House Judiciary  Committee, Jerry Nadler, for his tremendous leadership, as well as my  friend, Congresswoman Karen Bass, for her leadership in ushering  forward H.R. 1585.   I am proud today that we are doing our part in the United States  House of Representatives to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act  and urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying  bill.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Collins), my colleague, the ranking member on the House  Judiciary Committee, for his support.   This is a nation of immigrants. We are a gorgeous mosaic of people  from all across the world. Out of many, we are one. That is what makes  America such a phenomenal country.   We just want to make sure that, with respect to this issue of sexual  and domestic violence, every American who is a victim has an  opportunity to get access to the resources that will be put into law.   I thank my colleagues for their support, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   