 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise this afternoon because there is a  legislative deadline in front of this body that we dare not miss. Even  as I speak, our colleagues in the House Energy and Commerce Committee  are considering the Satellite Television Extension and Localism Act  Reauthorization, or STELAR. For 30 years, STELAR and previous versions  of the law have allowed people who live beyond the reach of a broadcast  signal to receive broadcast programming nonetheless.   Some Senators believe that in 2019, STELAR has outlived its  usefulness and want it to expire, but other Senators want to extend  some of these provisions--at least in the short term--to prevent  consumers from losing these broadcast signals; still others want to use  the STELAR reauthorization legislation as a vehicle to implement other  reforms.   I have introduced new legislation, the Satellite Television Access  Reauthorization--or STAR--Act to move this process forward. The  existing STELAR statute expires December 31. So absent congressional  action before the end of the year, the provisions included in STELAR  that enable nearly 870,000 Americans to access broadcasting TV signals  will no longer be the law of the land. These Americans who depend on  STELAR are mostly in rural parts of this country, like my home State of  Mississippi. They include truckers, tailgaters, and RV drivers, and  they include Americans living in very remote areas.   I say to my colleagues, now is the time for Senators to make their  positions clear. Over the course of this year, I have been polling  Members to ascertain what this body wants. As chairman of the Senate  Commerce Committee, I will act according to the majority wishes, but  time is running short. Many people point to the fact that the media  landscape is changing. There are more options for video content than  ever before. New programming is coming out every day that is being  streamed through new services. Those are all great things.   As I said at a June Commerce Committee hearing, we are living in the  golden age of television. The Commerce Committee has been working to  close the digital divide between rural and urban America to make sure  all families can access those choices and all families can be a part of  the golden age, but there are still Americans without Internet access  and without broadcast signals. They deserve the ability to view basic  television services just like everyone else.   Without the reauthorization of STELAR, many Americans will not be  able to watch broadcast news or enjoy access to programming that is  available for the rest of the country. They will be on the wrong side  of the digital divide, and there will be a wide cultural divide, as  they would be cut off from the flow of programs and information.   If Members of this body are of a mind to move forward with some  extension of this statute, we will work with our colleagues in the  House. That may include improvements and enhancements to STELAR that  address good faith requirements, level the playing field in the  marketplace, promote access to programming, and ensure robust  competition, but we don't have much time.   After this week, Senators will go home for Thanksgiving. Many of  those across the country who benefit from STELAR in our States will  watch football games and the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, thanks to  the STELAR law. They will enjoy time with their families, and I look  forward to doing the same, but when Congress returns, there will be  just 2 weeks--10 legislative days--to finalize any legislation and send  it to the President for his signature.   In this body, taking no action is easy. It comes naturally. But in  this case, no action equals the repeal of the STELAR law in its  entirety, and Members should know that. They have 10 days to ensure  870,000 Americans will be able to watch the same programs next year  that they are seeing this year, or we can let STELAR expire and take  the risk of letting the chips fall where they may.   To repeat, my colleagues should be advised they need to make a voice  that is heard on whether the STELAR legislation needs to be extended or  expire.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor. I suggest the absence a quorum.   