 Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Financial  Services and General Government Subcommittee portion of the  appropriations package before us.   Before I begin, I would like to thank Chairwoman Lowey, Ranking  Member Granger, and Subcommittee Ranking Member   Tom Graves for their  hard work and commitment throughout this process. I would also like to  thank staff on both sides for all their hard work behind the scenes,  particularly my own staff and the staff of Financial Services and  General Government who don't put their names in these things, but we  know and thank Lisa and others. Our amazing subcommittee staff, in  particular, put in long hours to make this bill come together.   The FSGG bill provides $23.8 billion in total discretionary resources  for a broad array of agencies and programs ranging from the Department  of the Treasury to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. It is a bill  that I am not only proud of, but one that we can collectively all be  proud of.   My top priority as chairman this year has been to help States and  local governments secure and protect the integrity of American  elections. That is why I am proud to have successfully included $425  million in funding for the Election Assistance Commission to issue a  new round of election security grants to States. This is the first  investment for this purpose since 2018.   Let us be clear, this is not a partisan matter. We know the Russians  interfered in our 2016 elections, and they are going to be back. It is  critical we provide these funds so election officials can replace  outdated voting equipment and implement protections to ensure our  election system can withstand future attempts of foreign interference.   I am also proud that the bill makes targeted investments to ensure  that capital and other assistance gets to small businesses and low- income communities. The bill boosts funding for the Community  Development Financial Institutions Fund by $12 million, which helps  support affordable housing, small businesses, and infrastructure in  underserved and rural communities, in addition to supplying credit to  disadvantaged communities. The bill also increases entrepreneurial  development programs at the SBA by $13 million.   We boost funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission, provide  an increase for the Federal Trade Commission, and include a long  overdue investment in the Consumer Product Safety Commission.   Another important focus this year is bolstering assistance to  taxpayers, including increases for the taxpayer advocate and tax  counseling and assistance programs. For our hardworking Federal  workers, I am thrilled that our bill includes a 3.1 percent pay  increase.   In closing, Madam Speaker, this Financial Services appropriations  bill is a result of bipartisan collaboration among members and hard  work from our staff, and I urge my colleagues to join me in support of  this bill.   