 Madam Speaker, I rise to express my support for  the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  Appropriations bill, 2020, as it is included in H.R. 1865.   The bill includes a total of $11.315 billion for military  construction projects and military family housing. This is $1.05  billion above the FY19 enacted level and includes $1.045 billion in  funding for the Services' unfunded priority projects.   At the Subcommittee's first hearing for the FY20 appropriations cycle  in February 2019, we heard from the Senior Enlisted leader in each  Service. Each of them testified about the need to ensure clean, safe  and quality housing and childcare facilities for Servicemembers and  their families. I'm pleased this bill maintains the additional $141  million included in the House-passed bill to help the Services improve  oversight of privatized military housing, as well as the additional $33  million for the Services to speed up planning and design for childcare  centers where they are most urgently needed.   The bill includes a total of $233 million for the Energy Conservation  and Infrastructure Resilience Initiative. With this funding, the bill  funds 7 projects on the Services' unfunded priority list. The bill also  includes nearly $400 million in the Base Closure account to clean up  former military installations. Some of these installations have PFOS/ PFOA contamination in their drinking water supplies. The bill provides  an additional $60 million for cleanup efforts.   I am thrilled to mention that the bill provides a total of $67  million for urgent projects at Fort Hood. This includes $32 million for  a new barracks; $18.5 million for a vehicle bridge; and $16.5 million  for the Central Energy Plant. This is good news for the home of the  Army's premier heavy armor units and good news for the surrounding  communities. We have a lot to do to reinvest in Fort Hood and its  soldiers, civilians and families. I am already looking forward to  continuing this effort next year.   For the Department of Veterans Affairs, the bill provides a total of  $92 million for Veterans programs. Recognizing the scourge of Veteran  suicides, the bill includes $9.4 billion, an increase of $20 million  above the budget request, for mental health and suicide prevention  programs. It also includes $800 million for medical and prosthetic  research, an increase of $21 million above FY19, and for the first time  carves out a specific amount of funding ($585 million) for women  Veterans' health care.   The bill provides a total of $15.3 billion to fully fund  implementation of the MISSION Act (Medical Community Care) and includes  funding to provide for Veterans now eligible for benefits and care  under the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. The bill provides $1.5  billion for VA to continue to develop an interoperable electronic  health record system and maintains the strong reporting and oversight  guidelines to ensure the efforts stays on track and on budget. It also  includes a new provision that limits VA's research that uses canines,  felines, and non-human primates.   The bill includes funding for four agencies that provide a unique and  important service to the Nation's Veterans. They are the American  Battle Monuments Commission, the Army's National Military Cemeteries  and Arlington National Cemetery, the Armed Forces Retirement Home, and  the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. While the allocation would  not permit significant funding increases for these agencies, the  Subcommittee does continue to support their unique missions. It is fair  to say the Subcommittee strongly support Arlington National Cemetery  and its Southern Expansion. We firmly believe the Cemetery must remain  [[Page H10600]]  available into the 2050 timeframe to serve Veterans.   Importantly, the bill provides more than $6.22 billion in emergency  funding to repair damage from earthquakes, flooding, hurricanes, and  tornadoes that affected military installations in 2018 and 2019. China  Lake Naval Weapons Station, Camp Lejeune, and Tyndall and Offutt Air  Force Bases sustained significant damage in these storms. Without this  funding, our national security will suffer as these installations are  struggling to fully execute their missions.   In closing, I would like to thank the Subcommittee's Chairwoman for  her commitment to our bill and her willingness to work across party and  regional lines. I also extend my great appreciation to the  Subcommittee's majority staff, Matt Washington, Sarah Young, Jenny  Hollrah, Nicole Cohen, and Keihysha Cenord, as well as the  Subcommittee's minority staff, Betsy Bina and Kiya Batmanglidj, for  their expertise, generosity, and support for America's Servicemen and  women and our Nation's Veterans.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   