 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Collins) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the Founders of this country warned us against a single- party impeachment because they feared it would bitterly and perhaps  irreparably divide our Nation.    The truth is, in the 243 years of this Republic, there has never been  a single-party, fraudulent impeachment process like the one being used  today.   Our Democrat colleagues have weaponized the impeachment provision of  the Constitution to nullify the votes of 63 million Americans who  elected President Donald J. Trump.   This is not about a phone call or Ukraine or even his use of the  executive privilege.   You have to remember that 95 of the Democrats on this floor today  voted to impeach Donald Trump before the July 25 phone call ever  happened between President Trump and President Zelensky.   Not only is this a single-party impeachment, it is also evidence- free.   After all their Herculean efforts, they could only come up with two  short Articles of Impeachment.   On the first, the Democrats know there is zero direct evidence in the  record of these proceedings to show that President Trump engaged in any  abuse of power.   As you will hear today, their entire case is based on hearsay,  speculation, and conjecture, and there is not a single fact witness  that can provide testimony to support their baseless allegations.   The Democrats' second claim is that President Trump obstructed  Congress by simply doing what virtually every other President in the  modern era has also done, and that is to assert, Mr. Speaker, a  legitimate executive privilege, which protects the separation of  powers.   And you know what? If they disagreed with that, the Democrats could  and should have just simply gone a few blocks away to a Federal court  to get an expedited court order compelling the extra documents and  information they requested. That is what has always been done in the  past, but they didn't do that here, because these Democrats don't have  time for it.   They are trying to meet their own arbitrary, completely reckless, and  Machiavellian timeline to take down a President that they loathe.   The real abuse of power here is on the part of the House Democrats as  they have feverishly produced and pursued this impeachment 20 times  faster than the impeachment investigation of Bill Clinton.   They are trying to reach their predetermined political outcome, and  along the way, they have steamrolled over constitutionally-guaranteed  due process, previously sacrosanct House rules, and the Federal Rules  of Civil Procedure.   This must fail. This is a shameful day for the country.   