 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Chair, it is no surprise that many of the communities we  represent are in need of disaster assistance. This past year, many  areas of the country experienced devastating disasters that had  significant impacts on communities and on our constituents.   I have the honor and privilege of representing coastal Georgia, a  vibrant area that has suffered from a number of these incidents in  recent years.   I was elected and sent here, like everyone else in this body, to look  out for my constituents and their needs. That includes advocating for  support following these devastating events.   In December, the House passed a supplemental appropriation package  that encompassed disasters such as hurricanes, typhoons, wildfires, and  other disasters. That package would have brought about the relief we  need.   Now, Democrats are holding disaster assistance hostage with this  legislation. We can't afford to continue this  [[Page H636]]  partisanship when it comes to rebuilding our communities.   Whether it is a wildfire or a hurricane, relief is needed urgently.  That includes coastal Georgia.   For instance, our blueberry growers have taken some devastating  losses over the last few years. Those growers have not had time to  properly recover, and now we are dealing with partisan games that will  jeopardize their ability to receive much-needed aid.   Agriculture represents the heart and soul of many of our rural  communities, and with that so go those communities.   Now is not the time to derail this desperately needed relief. We need  a clean disaster package that will allow us to take care of the  communities that are hardest hit.   Hurricanes don't see political parties, and they certainly don't  discriminate on the damage they cause. That is why we should move a  package that is devoid of any partisan efforts and bring up a clean  disaster package.   I say to my Democratic colleagues: Now is the time to stop playing  games. Let's move a bill that helps, rather than hurts, the ability of  our communities to receive disaster relief.   