 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman.   Mr. Speaker, you know I would like to engage in colloquies and talk  about issues.    And you know what is interesting about this is, I do  represent a coal district, but if we shut down all of this, as we have  discussed in the Green New Deal, are the Indians going to stop using  coal?    Of course not.   Are the Chinese going to stop using coal?    No. The rest of the world will continue to use these  sources.   And, in fact, industries that are dependent upon our natural  resources--coal, oil, natural gas--well, they will just move to the  countries that will let them use it, and it will not have any effect on  the environment.   But this really is not a proposal that should be taken seriously. It  was clearly thrown together quickly in an attempt to get some press;  and, unfortunately, 100 Members of the body decided to sign on to it.   But when you read it, you know it is not there. We have heard all the  things that could happen if we take a watered-down version of the Green  New Deal. But if we pass the Green New Deal and we actually do what it  says, and you read the words, it says, remove greenhouse gases from the  atmosphere. It doesn't say, reduce. It doesn't say, remove hazardous  greenhouse gases.   So, I would ask my friend who holds a degree in the science field,  and with whom we have lots of discussion about science on the floor and  at various meetings; what happens if we eliminate the greenhouse gases  of water vapor and carbon dioxide; eliminate them, remove them, as the  Green New Deal calls for?   What happens if that occurs?    Mr. Speaker, and if you eliminate carbon dioxide--the  gentleman is correct--we won't have any plants. If we don't have any  plants, oxygen plummets in the atmosphere.   And as I told a group of high school students recently, and you know  what that means for us?   And all, if not most, life forms that currently rely on either carbon  dioxide or oxygen will die and all that will be left are the life  forms, the microbial life forms that live near hot vents in the ocean  or the edges of volcanoes, because they don't rely on that. The rest of  life would be wiped out.   Now, I know that is not what the Democrats meant when they introduced  this, but isn't that the scientific conclusion of removing greenhouse  gases from the atmosphere; not reducing, removing? Isn't that correct?    Mr. Speaker, and so while I know they weren't thinking  about it or they probably didn't mean to go that far, it shows you that  even if we modified it, it won't work for the people.   Jobs would be eliminated, jobs will be cut, and we really won't have  any impact on the environment unless we go the full bore, in which  case, we no longer have air to breathe and we won't have to worry about  the global temperature in 20 years or 30 years or 40 years, because  none of us will be here.   And it is just fascinating to me how they can get the science so  messed up and, yet, lecture to us about the science.    Will the gentleman yield for a second?    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman may recall, I am a  birdwatcher.    So when the gentleman started talking about birds, I  came back to the mike.   We hope science will solve these problems, and that is why we need to  have more research and development on all of this.   Instead of saying, stop everything, we need to do research and  development. But isn't there also a problem today with solar and some  of the larger solar arrays that they actually fry birds as they fly;  whether it be large birds or small birds?    Because the birds don't see the heat, and they fly into  it, and they are fried to a crackly crunch.    And so there are lots of things we need to worry about  in that regard.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman bringing that up today,  because what we want to do is have a balanced approach.   We want renewables. We want all of the above. But we also have to  make sure that we are not throwing the baby out with the bathwater, and  in the end, killing off our large predator birds or killing birds with  technologies that are not quite ready for prime time.    Hear, hear, Mr. Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn't mention that we are  working on some technology right now that allows us to extract rare  earth minerals out of some of our coal deposits to the United States  and be able to take some of that business away from the Chinese and  bring it back to the United States    Mr. Speaker, I just have to bring this up: I was  meeting with some folks at Virginia Tech recently who are working on  this very area. And as a part of the spinoff of the research and the  technology they are doing to refine it and to try to get the other  minerals out, they have also found a way of using that same technology  to improve the steel industry. And they are now licensing some steel  companies in India, which would lower their carbon footprint.   So we have the research into coal that is now going to help the steel  industry in an area that doesn't have anywhere near the regulations we  have to lower their carbon footprint.   This is the way we should be going in the United States: Use our  entrepreneurial spirit; use our research; put some Federal money behind  that research, but use our research to find ways to make the  environment, worldwide, better instead of proclaiming broad edicts that  we are not going to have cows in 10 years, or we are not going to do  this in 10 years.   Instead, let's let our research and our entrepreneurial spirit and  our ingenuity solve these problems for us and the world.    Absolutely.   