 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as  in morning business.    Madam President, I rise to recognize and thank an  extraordinary public servant, one who has contributed greatly to the  U.S. Senate.   Next week, my constituent Judy Schneider will retire after a long and  very distinguished career serving the U.S. Senate, the U.S. House of  Representatives, and the Congressional Research Service, where she has  earned a reputation as one of the Nation's top experts on the workings  of the Congress. She has joined us in the Gallery today, so I hope all  my colleagues will make sure we pay attention and play by the rules.   When I was a new Member of Congress, a Member of the House of  Representatives, one of my very first meetings was with Judy Schneider.  I was proud Judy was my constituent in Maryland's Eighth Congressional  District, and I was glad to have the benefit of her advice. Since then,  I have sought her counsel many times during my years in the House and  the Senate.   Judy's service at the Congressional Research Service has been nothing  short of extraordinary. Over the past four decades, she has educated  hundreds of Members of Congress and their staff on congressional  operations and procedures. As the author of numerous articles and the  coauthor of the ``Congressional Deskbook: The Practical and  Comprehensive Guide to Congress,'' Judy's expertise on the intricacies  of congressional structures and procedures is unmatched. Judy is known  equally well for the positive personal impact she has had on each of  her students. From giving lectures to countless conferences, to her  ``Direct Connect to Congress'' series, Judy's impact has been far- reaching. Through her dynamic, informative, and humorous style, she has  been described as having a life-changing impact on her students.   For her remarkable work, Judy Schneider has received a number of  well-deserved and prestigious awards. She received the 1988 PLEN Mentor  Award for her work educating and training women in public policy, a  fellowship in the 108th Congress through the Stennis Center for Public  Service Leadership, and the Distinguished Member Award from Women in  Government Relations. In 2015, Women in Government Relations created  the Judy Schneider Fellowship in recognition of her efforts to educate  women about congressional procedure and policy. Judy has mentored  thousands of women, and this fellowship will ensure that her legacy is  felt by many more.   Last year, Judy received the Lifetime Achievement in Democracy Award  from the Congressional Management Foundation in recognition of her  outstanding impact and important work in Congress. This award truly  exemplifies the role Judy Schneider has played for so many of us. Her  mission has always been clear. Because of her deep love for this  institution and for our country, she has used her unique talents to try  to help make our democracy work better. She has trained generations of  staff and Members, including a number of staff who later became Members  of Congress themselves.   She represents the very best of public service. She exemplifies the  spirit of service in a way few have, bringing the legislative process  to life with humor and passion. Her presentations--packed with  information and insight and delivered with wit and humor--were designed  to train Members of Congress and their staff so we as a body function  better and, consequently, so our democracy functions better. If some of  us are finding that the Senate is not functioning particularly well at  the moment, we can't say we weren't taught better. As they say, you can  lead a Senator to ``Riddick's Senate Procedure,'' but you can't make  him or her read.  [[Page S4960]]    Some have been heard to say they have found Judy to be just a little  bit intimidating. What is intimidating about Judy is the depth of her  knowledge of this institution, her pursuit of excellence in her work,  the exacting standards she practiced and demanded of others, and her  unyielding commitment to quality. Most importantly, her deep love and  concern for the U.S. Congress is reflected in all she does.   I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the transformative  impact Judy Schneider has had on this body and in thanking her for her  career at CRS, her dedication to public service, and the lifetime of  work that has truly made a difference in the lives and careers of  Members of Congress. I know that while we will miss her daily presence  in these halls, Judy Schneider's commitment to Congress will continue  to inspire us to serve this institution and the people we represent to  the best of our abilities. I know that would be the highest tribute to  Judy we could pay.   Since Judy Schneider is a stickler for procedure, I now suggest the  absence of a quorum.   