 Mr. President, I rise briefly today to thank a number of  my colleagues--first, the senior Senator from Mississippi, Roger  Wicker, who has offered a bill called the 5G Spectrum Act.   I have offered a bill pertaining to the 5G spectrum, as well, and my  two Democratic friends, Senator Schatz and Senator Cantwell, have  offered a bill on that subject as well.   We have been working enthusiastically and in good faith for some time  to try to work out our differences on this legislation so that we could  pass it this calendar year. I regret that we are not going to be able  to work out our differences for the moment, but we are going to  continue our efforts in good faith.   The good news about all this legislation is that we all agree that  the FCC should conduct a public auction of the 5G spectrum.   What does that mean? We all have heard about 5G. It is  extraordinarily fast internet--100 times faster than we have right now.  But in order for 5G to work, there is a certain part of our spectrum,  or our radio waves, if you will, that the telecommunications have to  use to deliver the 5G service. It is called the C-band.   Of course, when we communicate between and among each other on the  internet or by cell phones through wireless technology, all we are  doing is sending electromagnetic radiation or radio waves from my  device to your device. It is obviously more complicated than that, but  at its fundamental level, that is what it is.   These radio waves and the airwaves through which though radio waves  travel--this electromagnetic radiation--belong to the American people.  It is called spectrum, and that is what we mean when we talk about 5G  spectrum. We can't lose sight of that fact.    The wireless telecommunication companies provide an extraordinary  service. They are going to make 5G possible with the help of the U.S.  Government and our other forms of government, but we cannot lose sight  of the fact that none of this would be possible without that spectrum,  and that is owned by the American people. That spectrum is essential.   As a result of the efforts of some swamp creatures both in and out of  government, we came that close to having this spectrum, which belongs  to the American people and is worth as much as $30 billion to $60  billion, given away in a backroom through a private auction to three  satellite companies that happen to be domiciled in foreign countries.   The excuse given was that these three foreign satellite companies can  conduct an auction themselves and allocate it to the American  telecommunication companies that need it for 5G faster than the FCC  can, even though the FCC has only conducted about 100 of these public  auctions generating about $123 billion for the American people. Why?  Because the American people own the spectrum that is being auctioned  off. It is theirs. But there was a proposal that came that close to  passing the FCC to just give this spectrum to these three companies and  let them keep the $30 to $60 billion that the spectrum auction would  have generated and let them decide who was going to get to participate  in the 5G throughout our country.   I thank the FCC. Fortunately, the FCC, at the last minute, said no,  and I want to thank them. Hence, we have the legislation by Senators  Wicker, Cantwell, Schatz, and myself, and the good news about the  legislation is that it would require a public auction by the FCC of the  spectrum that belongs to the American people. The auction  [[Page S7130]]  would be open to anybody who wants to bid. There would be a fair and  level playing field, and it would be conducted in front of God and  country in a public meeting. The best way to resist temptation is a  strong set of values, a proper upbringing, and witnesses. There will be  witnesses to this auction.   What we cannot agree on is how much money, if any, to give to the  foreign satellite companies. You ask: Why should we give them a dime?  Well, the foreign satellite companies, the three companies to which  this spectrum was almost given, are currently using this spectrum. They  don't need all of it. They don't even need close to all of it, but they  have been using it for a number of years. The FCC just gave it to them.  They didn't pay a dime for it.   Now, I am not criticizing. They put it to good use, but they don't  own it. They don't have a license. They have sort of a 30-day, month- to-month lease. That is the way I think of it. And the lease agreement  says that the FCC can take it back any time it wants to.   Since the satellite companies have been using the spectrum and they  have customers, we want to be fair to these companies. Certainly, when  we decide how to allocate the proceeds of the public auction in front  of God and country, which the FCC is going to conduct, we certainly  want to consider the satellite companies' interests. But I am not going  to support giving them half of the money this auction generates because  this money belongs to the American people. It can be used to extend 5G  and other forms of broadband to those of us who don't live in major  cities but happen to live in rural areas and are all still very much  Americans.   So I rise today to say thanks to Senator Wicker, and I mean that from  the bottom of my heart. I learned so much from working with him. I  thank Senators Cantwell and Schatz. We are going to keep working toward  a compromise in a way that will allocate this money to everybody fairly  and efficiently.   I am going to end as I began--that first and foremost in my mind is  the American people because the American people own this spectrum.   I don't own this spectrum. The U.S. Senate doesn't own the spectrum.  The three foreign satellite companies don't own the spectrum. The FCC  doesn't own the spectrum. The telecommunications companies, for which  we are grateful, don't own the spectrum. The American people own the  spectrum, and the vast majority of the money generated by this public  auction should go to them.   I yield the floor.   