 Madam Speaker, I rise today to support the rule because,  for the past 2 years, the Trump administration has relentlessly  sabotaged the Affordable Care Act and attacked my constituents' access  to care.   My Republican colleagues use a lot of smoke and mirrors to talk about  these plans, so today I want to read straight from the Texas Department  of Insurance website, texas.gov. This page is titled: ``What You Need  to Know About Short-Term Health Insurance.''   Right there, the Texas Department of Insurance says: ``Know what the  plan covers. It is important to ask what's covered and what's not. For  example, short-term plans might not cover emergency care, maternity  care, prescriptions, or certain other services. They might not cover  care for accidents or health issues.''   Listen closely to this: ``These plans also do not have to cover  preexisting conditions. If a company sells you a plan, it may deny a  claim if it determines you had a related condition in the past.''   There it is in black and white on the Texas Department of Insurance  website. These Trump junk plans discriminate against people with  preexisting conditions.   Let me continue, because it gets better, to the third point, ``Other  costs.'' Here the State of Texas specifies that ``short-term health  plans often have lower premiums, but other costs may be higher.''   Let me translate. These Trump junk plans might be cheaper for us up  front, but you will pay more money for less coverage on the back end.   That is why, today, I stand proudly with my Democratic colleagues for  standing up to the Trump administration's harmful policies and for  acting to protect healthcare for the 50 percent of Americans who have a  preexisting health condition.   The Trump administration's destructive policies will force the  American people to pay more money for less coverage. If you don't  believe me, just go to the website yourself. This is unacceptable.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the rule and  ``yes'' on Ann Kuster's bill, H.R. 986.   