 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, defense funding is always an imperative.  There are always going to be bad actors who threaten our country,  whether they are major powers like China or Russia or terrorist  organizations like ISIS or al-Qaida. We have to be prepared to counter  those threats.   In the United States, we are used to having the most outstanding  military in the world. In fact, we have come to rely on it. We assume  our military will always be the best because it has been the best for  as long as we can remember, but we can't forget that our military  preeminence is the result of sustained investment. While our soldiers,  sailors, airmen, and marines constitute the most advanced and  proficient fighting force in the world, they can't do their jobs or  maintain our military superiority without adequate resources. That  includes funding, not just the weapons, equipment, and technology of  today, but also the weapons, equipment, and technology of the future.  It is too late to modernize our military when the threat has reached  us. We need to invest in the equipment and technology of the future now  so that when the threats of tomorrow materialize, we will be ready.  This means delivering platforms like the future B-21 bomber on schedule  and making robust investments in the cyber and space domains.   Right now, our military is rebuilding after years of underfunding and  the strains in the war on terror. Here in the Senate, Members of both  parties have worked together over the past couple of years to meet our  military's funding and rebuilding needs. I hope that trend will  continue.   In November 2018, the bipartisan National Defense Strategy Commission  released a report that warned that our readiness had eroded to the  point at which we might struggle to win a war against a major power  like Russia or China, and the Commission noted that we would be  especially vulnerable if we were ever called on to fight a war on two  fronts. That is a dangerous situation for our country to be in, and we  need to keep working to rebuild our military so that we are not  trailing behind other nations.   Other countries are certainly not holding back when it comes to  military preparedness. Russia and China are busy investing in their  militaries as we speak, and they have recently conducted joint military  exercises. As the leader noted on the floor on Monday, military  spending in China over the  [[Page S5549]]  last decade has nearly doubled. Meanwhile, these countries have  continued to flex their military power outside the borders of their  countries, underscoring the need for other nations to be prepared to  deter their aggressions. Of course, while we may be in a new era of  great power competition, we still face threats from rogue states and  terrorist organizations. We need to be prepared to meet multiple  threats on multiple fronts if we want to ensure the security of our  Nation.   Later today, the leader is planning to have the Senate vote to begin  debate on a package of appropriations bills, including this year's  Defense appropriations bill. Less than 2 months ago, the Democrats in  both the House and the Senate agreed on an increased funding level for  our military, which is reflected in the Defense appropriations bill.   The Defense appropriations measure funds current military priorities  and invests in the research our men and women in uniform need to be  prepared for the future. It also provides for a 3.1-percent pay  increase for our military, which is the largest pay increase in a  decade. So it would be very disappointing if the Democrats chose now to  play politics and put their personal political agenda over the security  of our country and the welfare of our men and women in uniform.   The military needs to be funded through regular order appropriations  bills, not through temporary funding measures that leave the military  in doubt about funding levels and unable to start essential new  projects. So I hope that our Democratic colleagues will honor the  commitment they just made and will work with the Republicans to pass  the Defense appropriations package before the end of the fiscal year.   Likewise, I hope the Senate Democrats will resist the temptation to  play politics over this year's national defense authorization bill and  will work with us to initiate a conference with the House to resolve  our differences. Our colleagues have the opportunity to take both of  these important steps this week.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr.  Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Kansas (Mr. Roberts) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr.  Rounds).   