 Madam Speaker, you may wonder why I am down here. It is  because agriculture is huge in Michigan's 10th Congressional District.  Earlier this week, I spoke with most of the agriculture leaders in my  district about these bills.   I would be supporting these bills under other conditions. It supports  farm safety net programs as have been described. It provides support  for rural development, including rural infrastructure and broadband  access, which is sorely needed in the 10th Congressional District of  Michigan.   It provides food and drug safety inspections for the FDA and USDA,  and nutrition assistance programs that my colleague discussed.   However, I cannot support these bills because it is being brought up  in bad faith. Let's be honest. It is a charade. It is not a serious  attempt to fund agriculture or any other programs in my district or  throughout this country. This vote is dead on arrival.   It is a messaging point by the Democrat majority. It is an attempt to  delay and distract from the real problem. The real problem is securing  our borders, a comprehensive package to secure our borders that the  President, the administration, has provided to the Democrat majority.    We have spent hours on the floor here talking about various bills to  fund the majority. Yet, somehow, rather than negotiate, the Democrat  majority will go to the White House and say nothing for the wall;  nothing for border security to put a barrier up. We will simply talk  about, nope, we are not going to do that. We want to put the squeeze on  the American people.   They are squeezing the people in multiple ways. People won't get  their paychecks tomorrow. I am sorry. Really, guys? Come on. We have  farmers that are struggling, waiting to get loans so that they can  plant. We are not securing our border.   We had a humanitarian crisis. Thirty percent of the women that are  arriving at the border--Doctors Without Borders data, not anybody  else's--have been sexually assaulted on the way to the border. This  proposal includes money to provide for applying for asylum in their  home countries. Why are we not doing this?   Why are we not addressing a comprehensive border security package and  passing all of these appropriations bills and moving on to other  priorities? We may disagree about those.    Madam Speaker, we may disagree about what some of those  priorities are, but why are we spending 2 weeks rather than spend 2  hours negotiating an outcome and getting done with this problem? Let's  grow up. Let's be adults and solve the problems instead of bickering.   