 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be recognized to speak for up to 7 minutes each:  Senator Isakson, Senator Menendez, and Senator Crapo; and finally,  following the use or yielding back of that time, Senator Schumer be  recognized to make a motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 2, and that  following his remarks, Senator McConnell be recognized to make a motion  to table the motion to proceed following his remarks.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to speak against the resolution to  disapprove of the administration's agreement to delist Rusal, the  Russian aluminum giant from the SDN list.   I will vote no today because this was a hard-fought negotiation,  resulting in one of the strongest agreements ever associated with a  sanctions delisting, which supports longstanding U.S. sanctions policy  and foreign policy toward Russia.   This agreement does nothing to change the sealed fate of Deripaska,  the direct target of the sanctions. He remains sanctioned. His current  assets remain blocked. The primary and secondary sanctions imposed  against him dash any hope of future deals or income, either by  operation of his divestiture obligations or future dividends based on  his remaining shareholder interests in Rusal. His ability to transfer  his shares, use his shares as collateral, or even receive cash from  dividends are all effectively frozen.   The sanctions that put Deripaska on the SDN list and froze his  investments in Rusal and En+ and ESE, and make him personally  radioactive to future transactions with just about anyone, forced these  companies to disentangle themselves from Deripaska's control and  influence or to face financial devastation.   In fact, the Treasury agreement appropriately reflects how U.S.  sanctions policy uses smart sanctions to change the behavior of those  sanctioned to build pressure behind the ultimate goals of U.S. policy  toward Putin's Russia.   The agreement itself is more akin to a deferred prosecution  agreement, in that a failure in its terms can result in an immediate  relisting to the SDN list, while it ensures that En+, Rusal, and ESE  undertake significant restructuring and corporate governance changes to  reverse the circumstances that led to their designation in the first  place. These actions include reducing Deripaska's direct and indirect  shareholding stakes; overhauling the composition of the relevant boards  of directors that control the companies' operations and strategic  direction; restricting the steps that can be taken relating to their  governance; and agreeing to broad and unprecedented transparency that  requires ongoing auditing, certification, and reporting requirements.   Part of keeping a smart sanctions program smart is to ensure that the  world understands the U.S. sanctions architecture is fair and respects  America's extraterritorial sanctions reach, and providing an off-ramp  from the SDN list for those listed who can prove deserving is not only  good sanctions policy but the law because if Treasury fails in its  ability to render fair judgments, erstwhile petitioners for removal  will simply resort to either the U.S. courts or worse, simply evasion.   In the circumstances of this case, keeping Rusal on the sanctions  list could lead to a Putin nationalization of the Russian aluminum  industry, which would not only work to enrich Deripaska but all but  guarantee the unfettered Kremlin influence in a global concern that  would also invite a set of unintended consequences involving wider  economic and security costs for our Nation and for our economic allies.   So today I am voting against Senator Schumer's resolution to  disapprove of the administration's agreement to delist Rusal, the  Russian aluminum giant, from the SDN list because Treasury spent the  last 8 months getting it right and winning a hard-fought divestiture  agreement. It is among the most robust and verifiable delisting  determinations ever devised by Treasury, worthy of Senate approval and  not a gift to the Kremlin.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   