 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to oppose this rush to confirm  David Bernhardt to serve as the 53rd Secretary of the Interior.   The Secretary of the Interior is the chief steward of nearly 500  million acres of public lands and 1.7 billion acres of the Outer  Continental Shelf. The Interior Secretary is charged with managing the  public's natural resources and protecting our Nation's most iconic  spaces for now and for generations to come, and the Secretary has the  duty of making sure that our trust and treaty responsibilities to  American Indians and Alaska Natives are met. It is essential to have  the right individual serving in this position--someone who has a record  of honoring these critical responsibilities and someone who will  approach the solemn duties with only the interests of the American  people at the top of his or her agenda.   After considering the whole of Mr. Bernhardt's record, especially the  open questions about his actions that have benefited his former  clients, I cannot vote to confirm this nominee. His policies are too  slanted toward private interests, and as a former lobbyist for many of  these interests, his conflicts are too many. Any discussion of this  nomination must begin there--by addressing the serious conflicts of  interest that Mr. Bernhardt brings to this role and by addressing the  ethical cloud that is plainly hanging over this nomination.   I am rising today to call on the Republican leadership to put a halt  to this nomination until that ethical cloud can be cleared, and if that  cloud cannot be cleared, then, Mr. Bernhardt should be withdrawn.   The concerns that have been raised are serious. Let's talk about a  few of them.   Much has been made of Mr. Bernhardt's ethics pledge and whether he  has complied with the letter of the law, but we all know that he  certainly has not complied with the spirit of the law. The Interior  Department has begun or completed at least 19 policy actions requested  or supported by at least 16 of Mr. Bernhardt's former clients since he  came to Interior, according to just 1 analysis.   Mr. Bernhardt's ethics pledge didn't stop him from trying to divert  water to his former client, Westlands Water District in California's  Central Valley, one of the largest agricultural water users in the  county. On their behalf, Mr. Bernhardt sought to weaken protections for  endangered fish species so that his client could pump more water. While  an Interior official ``verbally'' ruled that he could participate in  the matter, outside ethics experts disagreed. Mr. Bernhardt is clearly  making a decision that directly benefits one of his former clients.   Last month, I wrote to the DOI inspector general requesting an  investigation into this matter. The Senate should know the outcome of  such reviews before considering a Cabinet nominee. Otherwise, we are  flying blind when it comes to a nominee's fitness for office.   Just last week, it came to light that Mr. Bernhardt continued to work  with Westlands after he filed notice that he was no longer lobbying on  its behalf. He filed his notice on November 2016, but invoices from Mr.  Bernhardt's firm show that he worked with his client all the way up to  his nomination for Deputy Secretary.   A spokeswoman claims that the work was not technically ``lobbying,''  but the fact is that Mr. Bernhardt's actions are benefiting his former  clients. Westlands is getting the relief from the Endangered Species  Act that they have sought for years.   Once again, we need to know the full truth before we can vote on a  nominee of such consequence.   Americans deserve to have confidence in the impartiality of public  officials, but how can they when the Trump administration has become a  revolving door of lobbyists and industry advocates?   As an attorney and lobbyist, Mr. Bernhardt built a profitable career  trying to open public lands for development for his clients, and he  spent years attacking the foundation of the Endangered Species Act. The  problem is that since assuming his role as Deputy Secretary, he has  continued to advocate for policies that benefit these same special  interests.   He helped to open millions of acres of public lands to oil and gas  drilling, while looking to limit public input, and helped to gut  protections that would mitigate the environmental harm of such  development.   He has tried to manipulate and bury the science of toxic pesticides  that threaten endangered species. He has largely ignored the science of  climate change. None of this is a personal attack on the Deputy  Secretary, but we simply should not install private industry's  representatives to run the Department of the Interior, because when we  do, the American people pay the price.   Just look at the policy outcomes. Climate change, for instance, is an  existential issue--the most pressing issue facing our planet. The  Department of the Interior oversees 20 percent of the lands in our  Nation. These lands and their ecosystems and wildlife are threatened by  a changing climate: drought and wildfires in the Southwest, wildfires  and flooding in California, and hurricanes in the Southeast.   Mr. Bernhardt has been clear that climate science will take a  backseat to the President's politics. Under Mr. Bernhardt's guidance,  the Department is blatantly ignoring the science of climate change. The  Department took down its climate change web page, rescinded orders and  policies aimed at addressing the impacts of climate change, and gutted  the methane emission control rule at the behest of the worst performers  in the oil and gas industry.   Mr. Bernhardt now has the audacity to claim that there are no laws on  the books that require Interior to act on climate change, all because  his administration has attempted to dismantle every rule or regulation  that requires the Department to take action.   Very concerning is Mr. Bernhardt's role as the Trump administration's  architect of opening public lands for unfettered energy development. In  the last 2 years, Interior has auctioned off more than 16.8 million  acres of public land for oil and gas drilling. In the first quarter of  2019, nearly 2.3 million more acres were put on the auction block. That  includes potential lease sales within striking distance of the Chaco  Culture National Historical Park, a UNESCO world heritage site sacred  to the Tribes. That is why I just introduced legislation to permanently  establish a 10-mile buffer surrounding Chaco so that we can enjoy this  culturally significant area for generations to come without the  constant threat of development.   The Department has tried to open up nearly all coastal waters for  offshore drilling and is speeding toward selling leases to drill in the  coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge--home to Native  American Tribes and an area that supports a diversity of wildlife in a  wild and untamed setting unlike any other on this planet. There are  nearly 250 species, from caribou and grizzly bears to wolves and  migratory birds. Yet this administration, under Mr. Bernhardt, is  racing toward an outcome that could decimate this unique, grand, and  biologically rich place.   The Endangered Species Act stands as the Nation's commitment to  protect wildlife from extinction. Protecting biodiversity is more  important now than ever, as we see animal and plant species dying off  in record numbers due to the loss of habitat and climate change.   Mr. Bernhardt has had the ESA in his sights for a long time. Under  his leadership, Interior has now proposed allowing economic  considerations to override wildlife protections. Extinction is becoming  just another cost of doing business.   As I mentioned, on behalf of his former client Westlands, Mr.  Bernhardt  [[Page S2373]]  sought to weaken protections for endangered fish species, the delta  smelt, and the Chinook salmon so that Westlands could pump more water.  Mr. Bernhardt has looked to implement the very same policies he lobbied  for, from within the walls of the Department. As Deputy Secretary, Mr.  Bernhardt also dismantled a landmark agreement among bipartisan western  Governors to protect the greater sage-grouse, opening up millions of  acres of its habitat to oil and gas drilling without protections.   The Endangered Species Act should be classified as ``endangered''  under Mr. Bernhardt's client-friendly Interior Department.   Let's talk about another extinction risk: chlorpyrifos. Chlorpyrifos  is not yet a household name like DDT, but it will be. It is a dangerous  neurotoxin used in agriculture throughout the United States. It is  linked to brain damage in children and can cause serious harm to human  health and wildlife.   In 2016, scientists from the EPA recommended a ban on all uses of  this toxic pesticide. One of Scott Pruitt's first actions as EPA  Administrator was to rescind that proposed ban. One of Mr. Bernhardt's  early actions as Deputy Secretary was to bury a scientific study  concluding that chlorpyrifos and another pesticide could ``jeopardize  the continued existence'' of more than 1,200 endangered birds, fish,  and other animals and plants. Let me repeat. More than 1,200 birds,  fish, and other species are at risk of extinction from two toxic  pesticides. Mr. Bernhardt reportedly ordered the staff to go back to  the drawing board to block the release of this report.   I have been working to get chlorpyrifos off the market with  legislation, and the Federal courts have ordered EPA to move forward  with the ban. There is no good reason chlorpyrifos is still in use  except that it is manufactured by a powerful DowDuPont company. Mr.  Bernhardt's withdrawal of the scientific study serves Big Chemical's  interests, not the public's.   One of the most egregious anti-conservation actions of this  administration is the unprecedented attacks on the Antiquities Act,  which has stood since President Theodore Roosevelt. The President  reduced Bears Ears National Monument by 85 percent and Grand Staircase- Escalante by over 45 percent--the largest rollback of protections for  our collective Federal lands in history and an unlawful Presidential  action, in my view.   Each of these monuments is home to ruggedly beautiful lands that are  at risk. The Bears Ears designation was the result of many years of  hard work and collaboration by five Tribes who trace their ancestry to  this remarkable area. Now the Department is pushing to open up the land  outside their boundaries for coal and mineral mining corporations.   Last month, I led 16 Democratic Senators in a letter to Mr. Bernhardt  seeking his commitment to leave existing boundaries of other national  monuments intact. So far, we have received no assurance from Mr.  Bernhardt that any other monuments won't meet the same fate as Bears  Ears and Grand Staircase.   The pattern is clear: From the Arctic Refuge to California's Central  Valley, from the Atlantic coast to Bears Ears, Mr. Bernhardt's Interior  Department places profits over people.   The American public deserves an Interior Secretary they can trust to  look out for their interests--protecting public land, species, the air,  and the water--but Mr. Bernhardt has not demonstrated that he has the  necessary independence from his former clients. He has made them very  happy. He has shut out scientists, Native Americans, conservationists,  and the American people. He is tangled with conflicts.   The Senate should stop the rush to confirm Deputy Secretary Bernhardt  while these fundamental ethics and conflicts of interest questions are  under review. If we move forward, I will vote no on this nomination.   Before I conclude, I would like to offer one final point. I made my  concerns with Mr. Bernhardt clear, but if Mr. Bernhardt is confirmed,  one of his most important duties will be honoring our trust  responsibility to Native Americans. On this count, I hope he will do  better than what the Trump Interior Department has shown us so far.   As the vice chair of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I want  to ensure that the Department respects Tribes' sovereignty and self- determination and engages in meaningful consultation with Tribes. The  Trump administration's record with Tribes and Native communities is, to  put it lightly, lacking. The Tribes in New Mexico do not believe they  are being properly consulted as leasing pushes ahead close to Chaco  Canyon.   For 3 years running, the administration has proposed budgets that  would significantly cut BIA and BIE funding. Those are education  budgets and budgets that help Native Americans on their reservations.   Congress has historically worked across party lines on Native issues.  Congress rejected the administration's proposed cuts for fiscal years  2018 and 2019, and I fully expect it to do so again for 2020.   If confirmed, I would like to see Mr. Bernhardt follow suit and  commit to do better on Tribal issues, commit to meet with Tribal  leaders to understand their priorities and demonstrate in action that  he respects Tribal sovereignty and that he commits the Agency to  consult with Tribes whenever their interests are affected.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   