 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Gosar for yielding me  time. I appreciate this opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, look, I was listening to a lecture the other day about  the old Romans, the Roman Empire. The Romans' success in creating their  empire was that they were incredibly creative and adaptive. They saw  situations that needed to be changed, something new, and they did it.   They had perfected the phalanx approach. They learned from the Greeks  how to fight. Yet when they came against the Samnites who were living  in the hills, that phalanx approach was totally useless. So what the  Romans did is created a way around that, another source, to have a very  flexible, highly mobile type of attack force, which they called the  Legions. They simply became adaptive to the new situation.   This is where I wish the other side of this body would try to become  less dogmatic and more adaptive, to try to find solutions.   Instead of bringing another resolution to the floor that has no  chance of passing in the Senate and would be vetoed by the President,  we should spend our time trying to come up with creative solutions that  would be a win-win-win situation. We can do it. We need to.   It would be nice if the other side of the aisle could also understand  what Article I actually means. In the last administration, instead of  taking this accord through the normal constitutional process of having  it ratified in the Senate and doing it by executive fiat, they have to  realize what can be done by executive fiat instead of the  constitutional way can be undone by executive fiat.   Rather than now trying to go back to the old document that has  questionable efficacy, let us try to move forward.   This is happening all over the place. The State of California has a  lot of talk about green talk, yet they have increased their dependence  on foreign oil in the last year by 57 percent. That is foreign oil.   We have to do things in a way different than simply talking about it.  We had a bunch of hearings in our committee about climate change. We  heard from the Hip Hop Caucus. We even heard from people who thought  NFL concussions were a problem and needed to be solved somehow through  climate change. I don't know how that fit, but it was an interesting  day.   Let me try to talk to you instead about something that is in the  purview of our government, that can be done and that can be a creative  and adaptive solution to this problem of too much carbon in the  environment: simply, carbon sequestration.   I would refer you to a guy, a doctor by the name of Williams, who  took 1,000 acres of land in Mississippi that had been farmed for 150  years, most of that in cotton. Instead, he turned it into rangeland,  grazing rangeland.   He had had no herbicides, no pesticides, no seeding, no artificial  fertilizer. The only management technique he used was intensive grazing  followed by periods of rest so that the soil, the plant life, could  recover. That is the only thing he did.   They tell me that the results after 4 years was simply an increase in  the number of foraged species that were there, an increase in the  number of native species that were reappearing, and an increase in the  general biodiversity of insects and wildlife and everything else.   He told me, in technical talk that I don't understand, that for every  0.6 percent increase in soil C per acre in 1 foot of soil, whatever  that means, you can take 35 metric tons of CO2 out of the  atmosphere. That means nothing to me.   What this guy in Mississippi was able to do is come up with a 2.3  percent increase in that soil carbon, I am assuming, which would equate  to 140,000 metric tons of CO2 taken out of the atmosphere.  Those numbers also mean nothing to me; I don't know what it means.   What I do understand is that what he was able to do was the  equivalent of taking out emissions from 7,600 automobiles every year  and sequestering it into his 1,000 acres of ground. That is the  equivalent of burning 13,000 tons of coal that he was able to take out  of the atmosphere and sequester it into the ground.   Mississippi alone has 10 million acres of land that is farmland of  all types. If you were able to use all of that, Mississippi alone could  take out of the atmosphere 7 percent of all the emissions that we have  and sequester it into their ground in that State simply by itself,  which means, if you extend that out mathematically to 150 million  acres, the United States could be a net negative emitter. We could be  taking more carbon out of the atmosphere and putting it into the ground  than we are sending into the atmosphere.   Approximately 5.1, I am told, gigatons of CO2 emissions  are automatically sequestered into the oceans and our terrestrial  sinks. If you understand what that means, you are a better man than I  am. That is what I have been told. That means, to become net zero, we  would only have to have 75 million acres of land being used for carbon  sequestration, 75.   In the United States, we have 527 million acres of pasture and  rangeland. Twenty-seven percent of the land that we have is in pasture  and rangeland. We have 410 million acres, which is 21 percent of all  land, in forestry.   Simply by having an aggressive way of grazing, improving grazing and  improving the quality of our forests, we can suck carbon out of the  atmosphere, which would be far easier and far better than anything in  the questionable efficacy of the Paris accord.   You could do it with no cost. You wouldn't have to cost jobs or  energy increases. You can do it with virtually no cost except for the  initial cost of buying the livestock to put on the land, which is why  it is there.   We could have the benefits of a better watershed, better wildlife,  better biodiversity, and economic productivity of our rural lands. All  those things are easily within our reach.   We could help solve the food shortage. We could help solve drought  resistance in agricultural lands. We could have watershed integrity,  which would provide abundant and cleaner water for us all, as well as  biodiversity for wildlife.    I was recently in Arkansas, if I can go on with this. The State  forestlands, they had 2 pieces that they were working on. One they just  let go on so they could see what would happen, let nature run its  course. The other they went through with active management by thinning  the trees.   What happened in the one that they just left alone? It was crowded.  It was dark. There was no sunlight getting to the ground, which was  barren of all kinds of foliage.   On the portion that the State managed, where they allowed the  sunlight to get to the ground, there was vegetation. There was forage.  There was the ability to have food. Wildlife had a habitat they could  use.   That has also been replicated in my home State, where on private  property, some of my sheep ranchers did the exact same thing. They  improved the ground.   Not only have they improved the ground, but they can also now suck  more carbon out of the atmosphere into that ground, which you don't do  if you just leave it alone.   We had a hearing in our committee one time, and they simply said the  idea was that plants need carbon, so you have plant life sucking the  carbon out of the atmosphere. It goes down into the root system, which  makes the plant healthier, the land healthier, and you are taking  carbon out of the atmosphere. That is a wonderful idea.   We had four witnesses. Even the Democratic witnesses were saying that  grazing helps us to accomplish this.   One of our good Eastern members said: Well, look, if plant life sucks  the carbon out of the atmosphere, why don't we take the cows out, and  then you will have more plant life. They won't eat any of it.   Even the Democratic witness said, no, that is not the way it works.   If you allow the plant just to grow, it grows large and sprouts out  and hides the ground so that you don't have any kind of new plant life  coming on. You take the cows out, and their hooves don't claw up the  land as they walk around, so nothing is germinating. All you have is a  bunch of dry, dead leaves that are easy bait for wildfires. What you  have to do is allow them to eat and then move them off the land.   Can we destroy the land with bad grazing practices? Of course. But if  you do it the right way, we can easily solve the problems.  [[Page H3326]]    We have two kinds of problems with carbon: one is emissions and the  other is concentration, stuff already out there.   If we just do grazing practices and carbon sequestration on the lands  that the Federal Government owns now, we can easily not only solve our  problem of emissions but take the concentration out and put it back  into the ground, where it does good for plant life and expands and  grows that.   We have here the resources that we need to solve this problem. What  we need to do is free up people to be able to solve this problem by  themselves and not insist that the government tell us what to do, when  to do it, and how to do it. It doesn't work that way. This can be a  win-win situation.   H.R. 9, I am sorry, does not have anybody winning. It has all of us  losing. That is why it would be nice to see that there are solutions  out there.   All we need to do is be like the old Romans and be a little bit  creative and adaptive, find something that works with material we  already have. We can do that. There is a better way to go forward than  H.R. 9.   H.R. 9 is simply more dogma to try to rehash the past. It doesn't  move us forward at all.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Gosar for having this Special Order  here so we can talk about these kinds of issues as well as the costs  that would be involved.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gosar) is spot-on accurate. I thank him for bringing this up.   