 Mr. President, today, I would like to thank Senator Kaine  for joining with me in introducing what should hopefully be a simple  but crucially important matter for the Senate--to issue an unequivocal,  direct, and clear condemnation of all forms of anti-Semitism.   Unfortunately, we are living in an era where the need for a strong  and clear condemnation of anti-Semitism has become acute. We are in the  midst of a wave of anti-Semitism seen both here in the United States  and all over the world.   In just the last few years, we have seen repeated anti-Semitic  comments made publicly, including insinuations questioning the loyalty  and the patriotism of American Jews. We have seen physical violence  against Jews, including shootings in Jewish places of worship, such as  the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh and the Chabad of Poway. We  have seen a wave of physical attacks against Jews in the streets of New  York. And we have seen the growth on our college campuses of movements  to aggressively boycott products made by Jews in Israel.  [[Page S3621]]    As we have learned this week, things have gotten so bad that the New  York Times has announced it will simply stop running political cartoons  in their international edition after being criticized and forced to  apologize for recently running a blatantly anti-Semitic cartoon.   This resolution was also prompted, unfortunately, by the inability of  the House of Representatives to come together and vote on a resolution  straightforwardly and directly condemning anti-Semitism.   Too many in political life have given in to the extremes, including  the embrace of boycotts and at times outright hatred for Israel, the  world's only Jewish state.   So when the House tried to condemn anti-Semitism, sadly, they were  instead forced to water it down into a general resolution decrying  bigotry of all sorts, listing every group they could think of.   There is, of course, nothing wrong with condemning bigotry and hatred  in general, but anti-Semitism is a unique prejudice with a unique  history that has led to unique horrors throughout history.   Jews today are the most targeted religious group in the United States  for hate crimes, according to the data compiled by the FBI. We need to  be able to acknowledge that clearly and directly, and that is what this  resolution does.   This resolution outlines how ancient forms of anti-Semitism continue  to live on today. It emphasizes that anti-Semitism is a unique form of  prejudice stretching back millennia, and it condemns the modern form of  those ancient prejudices. It talks about how, for centuries, anti- Semitism has included exactly what we are seeing here today, including  physical attacks against Jews, attacks on the loyalty of Jews,  accusations of dual loyalty, campaigns to boycott, to confiscate, or to  destroy Jewish businesses, and accusations that Jews use money to  purchase political power. These are all false and vicious slurs.   This resolution also speaks to the unique prejudice Jews here in  America experience, which we must acknowledge. I would like to read one  clause in particular in the resolution: ``[I]n the United States, Jews  have suffered from systematic discrimination in the form of exclusion  from homeownership in certain neighborhoods, prohibition from staying  in certain hotels, restrictions upon membership in private clubs and  other associations, limitations upon admission to certain educational  institutions and other barriers to equal justice under the law.''   This is a shameful legacy, and it makes it all the more incumbent  that we in the Senate speak in one voice and stand resolved that the  U.S. Senate condemns and commits to combating all forms of anti- Semitism.   This bipartisan resolution has 56 cosponsors, including 14 Democratic  Senators. I am particularly grateful to Senator Kaine for his  leadership, which has been pivotal in bringing us together to speak  united with one clear voice, and I am hopeful that just moments from  now the Senate will come together and pass a clear denunciation of  anti-Semitism, 100 to 0, so that we are clearly understood and clearly  heard.   With that, I yield to my friend Senator Kaine.    Mr. President, I thank my friend from Virginia for his  powerful and eloquent remarks decrying anti-Semitism and implore all of  us to stand united with one clear bipartisan voice, Democrats and  Republicans all on the same page, 100 to 0, saying that anti-Semitism  has no place in the United States of America.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be  discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S.  Res. 189.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution  be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   