 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Kennedy for his  leadership on this issue and the members and staff on the House Armed  Services Committee for helping bring this important resolution to the  House floor.   I served in the Navy during the time of Don't Ask, Don't Tell. Too  many were forced to live their lives in secret, unable to be true to  themselves. In 2016, transgender servicemembers were allowed to serve  openly in the United States military, individuals like Lieutenant  Commander Blake Dremann, who is still currently on Active Duty and who  has deployed 11 times.   During his testimony in the Military Personnel Subcommittee, he  stated that his transition meant that he was no longer  compartmentalizing parts of his life. He also stated that his decision  to transition made him a better officer and a better leader. He has  proven it by receiving the Navy Batchelder Award, which is given to  Navy top Supply Corps officers.   My support for Lieutenant Commander Dremann and all our transgender  servicemembers is unequivocal. They have shown tremendous courage, and  it is why I fight for inclusion and equality for the LGBTQ community.   The President's policy is taking not only our military, but our  country, backwards. It is unnecessary, and it is purely a  discriminatory action against a group of individuals who want to do  nothing more than serve their country.   It is a disgusting attack on a community that he once swore to  protect. He is attacking servicemembers who have already proven their  ability to meet strategic needs and who pose no risk to unit cohesion  or military readiness.   As far as I am concerned, any person who has the courage, spirit, and  commitment to serve our country in uniform when so many choose not to  should be allowed to do so.   I will vote to pass this resolution, and unlike the President, I will  continue to advocate for and protect our LGBTQ community. I urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in support of this  resolution and denounce the President's hateful policy toward our  servicemembers.   