 Madam President, the longest shutdown in American  history will finally end today. The President has agreed to our request  to open the government and then debate border security, which is great  news for 800,000 Federal workers and millions of Americans who depend  upon government services. I thank President Trump and Leader McConnell.  [[Page S672]]    As just outlined, we have agreed to pass a clean 3-week continuing  resolution to reopen the government. Also, we will pass legislation in  the Senate that will be related to the Department of Homeland Security  so the House and Senate can participate in a conference committee on  that legislation. In the conference, Democrats and Republicans will  have the opportunity to negotiate the details of the Homeland Security  bill, which will include issues of border security, humanitarian aid,  drug inspection technology, and many others. We expect the continuing  resolution to clear the House and be signed by the President today.   As soon as the President signs the legislation to open the  government, we in Congress will roll up our sleeves. I genuinely hope  this process will produce something that is good for the country and  acceptable to both sides. We don't agree on some of the specifics of  border security--the Democrats are against the wall--but we agree on  many things, such as the need for new technology and the need to  strengthen security at our ports of entry, and that bodes well for our  coming to an eventual agreement.   I believe there is good faith on both sides to reach an agreement,  and we will work diligently to achieve one. Because we have set this up  as a conference, Democratic and Republican leadership from the House  and Senate will be involved, as will the appropriators from those  committees.   Most importantly, this agreement means the government will reopen and  that 800,000 Federal employees will finally get paid. After over a  month of increasing desperation, our dedicated public servants will get  the relief and paychecks they are entitled to, including backpay.   From the bottom of my heart, I thank the Federal workers who have  worked so selflessly this past month. They should never have to go  through this again. We will do everything we can to make sure they will  not have to.   The past month has proven just how vital government services are to  the American people, whether they be air traffic control, food safety  inspections, the Coast Guard, national parks, and so many others. With  this agreement, the TSA, the Border Patrol, and FBI agents will all be  paid again for protecting our country. Our airports will get back on  track, and we will resume the maintenance of our cherished national  parks. The IRS will be able to issue tax refunds in a timely manner-- all critical for the well-being of the American people.   As Democrats have said all along, the solution to this impasse was to  separate funding the government from our disagreements over border  security. This agreement endorses that position. It reopens the  government without preconditions, and it gives Democrats and  Republicans an opportunity to discuss border security without holding  hundreds of thousands of American workers hostage.   Hopefully, it means a lesson has been learned--shutting down the  government over a policy difference is self-defeating. It accomplishes  nothing but pain and suffering for the country and the American people.  That is a lesson we all must bear in mind when this next continuing  resolution expires, which will make its success more likely. We can  never hold American workers hostage again.   I yield the floor.   