 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I want to begin by acknowledging the extraordinary  leadership of the chairman of the Rules Committee and this very  transparent and open process.   I stand to support, strongly, H.J. Res. 37, which directs the  President to remove American troops from their role in hostilities in  Yemen.   By taking up this War Powers Resolution, the House is, finally,  reasserting our constitutional authority and responsibility over  American military actions and sending an important message both to the  Saudi-led coalition and to the Trump administration.   The Iranian-backed Houthis have acted with complete disregard for  civilian lives in Yemen, blocking humanitarian aid and mounting attacks  into Saudi Arabian cities. There is no question that they bear much of  the blame for the current humanitarian crisis.   However, for nearly 4 years, the Saudi and Emirati-backed coalition  has used American bombs, American planes with American logistical  support, and, until recently, American refueling to further a conflict  that has cost thousands of civilian lives and led to a humanitarian  crisis in the country. There is no question in my mind that American  involvement, to date, has exceeded the congressional authorization that  exists to combat terrorists in the region. For too long, the United  States has been directly involved in this war without proper  congressional authorization or oversight.   This bill, which passed the Senate last year with bipartisan support,  specifically exempts actions that target al-Qaida and any other  terrorist activity.   My colleagues opposing this effort seem to forget that we have a  responsibility under the Constitution to exercise our oversight  authority over American military engagement. Nothing in this  legislation prevents the administration from coming to Congress and  presenting a strategy and asking for authorization to involve our  military in Yemen. That is not something I would support, but they did  not even try to make the case.   Instead, we have become embroiled in a humanitarian nightmare and  backed a flawed military engagement with no end in sight, all without  proper authorization or oversight. It seems pretty obvious that it is  time to exert our proper role as Congress.   H.J. Res. 37 is an important first step of what I hope will be a  concerted effort to bring the war in Yemen to an end and to reestablish  Congress' role in overseeing our military's engagements overseas. Madam  Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and to support this  resolution.   