 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me  this time, and I rise in support of H.R. 251, as amended by the other  body.   This amendment is far from ideal, but we have no other choice but to  accept it. The most compelling reason not to oppose this amendment from  the other body to a bill we passed last week by 414 votes is that it  expires at midnight tonight, and that means the ability to check our  facilities goes away. It is very problematic.   Let me repeat that. By law, the authority to conduct inspections,  protect security vulnerability information from terrorists, and help  facilities with technical help to make them secure, it all disappears  unless this bill is amended and passes the House and goes to the  President.   We must, as 414 of us did last week, keep the existing CFATS program  authority going. I am glad we have a chance to do that here.   The Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Standards program was launched  to surgically and directly address gaps in Federal law regarding  terrorism and other intentional acts against high-risk facilities due  to their use or possession of chemicals of concern and at levels of  concern--most importantly, to ensure that antiterrorism was the focus  and not a contentious regulatory arrangement.   CFATS was designed to foster collaboration between the government and  regulated parties. This program and its operations have not been  perfect, but CFATS appears to have vastly improved in the last 4 years  due to committed leadership and a vision for continued success.   What troubles me, though, about the other body's amendment is it  doesn't give CFATS much room to make more improvement. One of the major  lessons to come out of the hearings we had in my committee on the CFATS  program was that, from 2009 to 2014, 1-year authority extensions did  not offer program stability and stagnated the program's improvement.   It is no surprise to me that CFATS made its largest program  improvements when it had 4 years of authority and not just 1 year.  Moreover, 1-year authority extensions froze private-sector compliance  investments as plant security managers couldn't convince their  companies that the program would exist in the next year--this, even as  many regulated entities had their own trade association programs that  were supposed to supplement the CFATS program.    I would have hoped the changes that we are making to this program  would not stilt the hefty investments made by U.S. taxpayers to stand  up this program or potentially strand the investment the private sector  absorbs when Congress makes unexpected and rash decisions.   All that said, the CFATS program and its authority have earned the  right to continue. I had hoped a full 2 years would be what the law  would be and would also provide the Department of Homeland Security the  ability to demonstrate that its improvement is not a mirage and that  additional progress in its work can be achieved. But we cannot allow  this program to expire.   Mr. Speaker, 83 percent of my House colleagues and more than 70  percent of the Senate were not Members of Congress on September 11,  2001--the chairman was and I was.   Antiterrorism efforts don't get the kind of attention they once did,  and the fact that we have had no chemical terrorist incidents since  CFATS' inception is not proof that terrorists aren't interested in  targeting these facilities.   I want to thank my colleagues for their support of the program and  the collaborative way we have worked together to keep this security  program going.   I look forward to efforts to extend the CFATS program in this  Congress. We need to ensure that these chemicals are kept secure,  terrorists are kept at bay, and that freedoms are kept protected.   I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 251.   