 Madam Speaker, on my first day in office, I  joined Democrats and Republicans in voting to reopen the government and  end this senseless and now record shutdown.   And we have passed Republican legislation. Make no mistake: this is  the same legislation that Senate Republicans supported just last month  to fund the Federal Government, but instead of taking that legislation  up for a vote, Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans have joined  President Trump in what can be best described as a temper tantrum.   As the father of a 6-year-old and a 4-year-old, occasionally I know  something about a temper tantrum.   Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans have joined President Trump in  holding 800,000 Federal workers hostage over a demand for an  ineffective, wasteful wall, a fifth century technology for a 21st  century problem.   Don't get us wrong. Democrats continue to support strong, smart,  effective border security solutions, including the following:   First, we support new drug, weapons, and contraband scanning  technology at official ports of entry; installing new technology to  eventually scan all commercial and passenger vehicles for illegal drugs  and other contraband at our ports of entry. According to both CBP and  DEA, 90 percent of heroin, 88 percent of cocaine, 87 percent of  methamphetamine, and 80 percent of fentanyl being smuggled into the  U.S. are seized at official ports of entry, not areas between the ports  of entry, where President Trump wants to build his wasteful border  wall.    Second, we support advanced technology to detect unauthorized  crossings; cameras, sensors, and radar to spot moving people and  objects in any weather or time of day that are mounted on towers and  border patrol vehicles and on drones to surveil tough terrain.   Third, we support more customs personnel, filling the more than 3,000  vacancies for customs officers who facilitate trade and travel at our  land, air, and sea ports of entry, inspect commercial and passenger  vehicles for illegal drugs and other contraband, and ensure that  travelers are vetted and screened before entering the United States.   Fourth, we support expanded port of entry infrastructure, building up  our port of entry infrastructure to improve security and better  facilitate trade and travel, ending the long delays for visitors and  commercial shipments that cost our country billions in economic  activity and thousands of jobs.   We support all these measures, and we have for some time, and we will  continue to support these measures, but we will not waste billions of  taxpayer dollars on an ineffective, expensive wall that can be tunneled  under, climbed over, or cut through, a wall that Mexico was supposed to  pay for.   A discussion about border security is no reason for President Trump  to keep government shut down. Perhaps even more importantly, we cannot  and must not allow this President or any President to hold our  government and Federal workers hostage every time we have a  disagreement.   Federal workers in the communities I serve in California are being  directly hurt by this shutdown, just as they are being hurt all across  this country.   I recently heard from a Fish and Wildlife Service employee whose  coworkers don't know how they are going to pay their bills and make  ends meet.   I heard from members of the Coast Guard. And, yes, the Coast Guard is  being impacted by this shutdown, because they are funded through the  Department of Homeland Security. I heard from the Coast Guard.   I heard from air traffic controllers, and they are being forced to  work without pay, and this becomes a security issue.   If this President and Senate Republicans truly cared about security,  they would want to fund the Coast Guard and they would want to fund air  traffic controllers and they would want to fund TSA agents at our  airports.   I have heard from veterans. I have a huge number of veterans in my  district. One-third of the Federal workforce consists of veterans, both  Federal employees and contractors, and they have been negatively  impacted by this.   So, Mr. President, you claim to care about veterans. How can you  allow this to continue to hundreds of thousands of veterans who have  served our country and who are working without pay?   The solution that we Democrats support is simple. Let's reopen the  government, and then we can talk about the best way to secure our  border.   Earlier today, I was honored to join some of my freshmen colleagues  in trying to deliver a letter to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell,  simply asking him on behalf of the freshman class to end this shutdown.  We couldn't find him, but we will keep at it.   We have got to get this government back open again. We have got to  get people back to work.   