 Madam Chair, tribal energy resources are vast, largely  untapped, and critical in our fight to move towards a secure and  sustainable energy future. Despite this potential, many tribal homes  lack access to electricity and affordable heating sources.   Our amendment increases the Office of Indian Energy Policy and  Programs by $2 million and reduces Fossil Energy Research and  Development by $2.4 million. This increase should be allocated  specifically for renewable energy.   This amendment ensures that we place a higher priority on energy  needs and capabilities within tribal lands and communities, by slightly  reducing a growing and outdated fossil fuel account.   The funding will provide financial and technical assistance to enable  tribes to evaluate and develop their renewable energy resources and to  reduce their energy costs through efficiency and weatherization.   Funds may be used to offer education and training opportunities  designed to foster clean energy technology adoption, promote green jobs  and growth, and strengthen overall native communities' self- determination.   Through these projects, tribes can continue to build the capacity to  manage their energy needs. Many tribes' energy costs are higher than  the national average, making installation of renewable energy a  permanent improvement in their finances and lives.   Investing in renewable energy technologies provides many benefits for  tribes:   It creates economic stability by protecting these communities from  fluctuations of conventional energy sources and by providing steady  revenue into the future.   It creates employment in manufacturing, operations, and maintenance.  Installing wind turbines, solar heaters, and solar panels in the  communities provide opportunities for hands-on education and training.   Onsite renewable power can contribute to tribal energy self- sufficiency by providing electricity in rural areas underserved by the  existing power grid and save tribes revenues.   Developing local renewable energy resources can improve local air  quality and health conditions, as well as improve the communities'  response to climate change impacts and extreme weather disruptions.   This amendment will help Indian Country by moving a small amount of  funding away from old energy sources that are leaving us reliant on  out-date and harmful energy sources.   Despite the need to transition to a clean energy future, the Fossil  Energy Research and Development account has increased $72 million since  2017.   Currently there are 573 recognized tribes, yet the Office Indian  Energy is appropriated at only $25 million.   The longer we postpone an orderly transition away from fossil fuels  the more vulnerable we become as a society--what better way to move  forward than to present our Native nations with the opportunity to be  leaders of our energy future.   This amendment will make a difference in the quality of life of  American Indians and Alaska Natives by bringing renewable energy and  energy efficiency options to their sovereign nations.   I would like to thank the chairman and the committee for their work  on this bill. I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this amendment,  and I would urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment.   