 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Price for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, our colleague and my great friend, Walter Jones, was  both courageous and kind.   He frequently quoted a statement by Senator John Ashcroft's father:  ``Washington is the spirit of arrogance, and Christ is the spirit of  humility.'' Walter had the spirit of Christ.   It didn't matter if you were a waiter at his table, a summer intern  in his office, or the chairman of his committee, Walter extended the  same respect to everyone. In his heart, he never believed that he was  any better than the most common person.   Walter's chief, Josh, who has been with him for 16 years, reminded me  that some people in Washington, DC, kiss up and punch down. Walter  often did the opposite. Walter would kiss down and punch up.  [[Page H1557]]    He was a statesman and a true southern gentleman who followed his  heart while fighting for his constituents.   Whether you agreed with him or not, Walter displayed the type of  courage we could all hope to possess. He was willing to admit when he  was wrong, like that time he devoted to Jimmy Carter. He would admit it  in front of God, his colleagues, and his 750,000 constituents. That is  true courage.   Walter's conscience guided his every vote and action in the 6 years  that I knew him.   11,266: that is the final number of letters that Walter Jones  personally wrote, offering his apologies and condolences to the  families of soldiers who lost their lives in the wars in the Middle  East. You see, Walter eagerly voted for the Iraq war, but then later  came to believe that he had made a grave mistake.   Did he write those letters to prepare him for his next reelection?  No. He wrote those letters to prepare him for this day, when he would  be judged at the gates of Heaven.   What might seem like a small plight could become Walter's greatest  cause, if honor and respect were in the balance. Whenever Walter gave  the blessing before the meals that I shared with him, he would mention  two marine pilots who had been unfairly implicated in a tragic crash.  Clearing the names of Major Brooks Gruber and Lieutenant Colonel John  Brow was one of his most important achievements. When I spoke with  Walter 2 weeks ago, he said he looked forward to meeting them in  Heaven. He was at peace.   Walter told me something else in that hour that we shared a couple of  weeks ago. He reminded me that his father had served 13 terms in  Congress, and it had been Walter's goal, he said, to match his father's  service. For those who don't know, this was Walter's 13th term.   I told Walter, ``They never beat you, did they?'' Well, I used  another word than that. He laughed. You see, all the money in the world  was no match for Walter's sincerity, which always shone through to the  people he served, even if they didn't always agree with him.   Walter wanted to finish this term, but God called him back too soon.  I told Walter he would finish this term because when I would vote, I  would ask myself: What would Walter do? He seemed pleased at that.   So please join me. The next time you are torn on what to do or say in  this body, ask yourself: What would Walter do? Walter would follow his  conscience. Just follow your conscience, and together, we can ensure  that Walter's spirit finishes this 13th term.   