 Mr. Chair, I want to point out that I agree with my  colleague that this treaty is outdated, that Russia and China are  developing weapons that exceed what is included here, but that is all  the more reason why we need the time afforded by extending this treaty  to develop a stronger replacement.   We shouldn't do what Russia wants. That is why I oppose this  President, which Russia wants.   We need to have a stronger replacement for this treaty, and this  amendment does exactly that. It gives us the time to get there while  ensuring our safety in the meantime.    Madam Chair, I rise to oppose this amendment.   Now, I do not question my colleague from Ohio's commitment to our  national security. He and I have worked together on this committee for  several years.   But I do think that this amendment would be a grave strategic  mistake. I oppose the development of these low-yield weapons for three  distinct reasons:   One, they increase the chance of miscalculation by our enemies;   Two, they are a waste of taxpayer money for a capability that we  already possess; and   Three, they weaken our national defense as a consequence.   The fundamental strength of our nuclear deterrence lies in the fact  that our nuclear weapons are so catastrophically damaging that nobody  would dare attack us or even threaten our allies with a nuclear weapon.   Lowering the threshold for the use of nuclear weapons by signaling to  our enemies that our response might not be catastrophic for them makes  it more likely that our enemies will use nukes against us and our  allies in the first place. It plays into Russia's dangerous new  escalate to de-escalate doctrine.   Nobody should question the resolve of the United States of America to  respond with overwhelming force if strategic weapons are used.  Developing these low-yield weapons does just that. It questions that  resolve, and that weakens our national defense.    Madam Chair, colleagues, this vote is about several  things.   It is about war with Iran. The President and John Bolton have  manufactured a crisis by withdrawing America from the Iran nuclear deal  with no alternative, and Iran has a strategic advantage over us now  that they did not have before under the deal.   This vote is about the Authorization for Use of Military Force passed  almost 20 years ago that does not authorize war with Iran. We do not  underestimate the Iranian threat. It is real, it is significant, but  that does not make going to war now legal or necessary.   But most of all, this vote is about the Constitution and our duty to  uphold it. It is the Commander in Chief's job to strengthen our  national security, not weaken it, as he has done, and it is Congress'  job to decide when we send young Americans to war.   The oath that we all took to protect and defend the Constitution of  the United States is the same oath, word-for-word, that I took as a  Marine officer.   Our troops are upholding that oath. They are doing their jobs. It is  time for us in Congress to do ours.    Madam Chair, when is enough enough? The vote to go to  war against Iraq in 2002 was a mistake. Congress should have been more  careful, questioned the intelligence, and made sure that we exhausted  every other option before we put young American lives in danger.   It is time that we stopped living off those past mistakes. Both the  Obama administration and the Trump administration have maintained that  the 2002 AUMF only serves to reinforce currently existing legal  authority.   So it needs to end. We need to repeal it. Because keeping it in place  does not support current operations, and it could be used as a legal  pretext for future escalation in the Middle East that has not been  authorized by Congress.   If we ever need to go to war against Iraq again, Congress has the  constitutional obligation to make that decision. And we are fortunate  that now that decision will be made, in part, by the generation that  fought in Iraq and Afghanistan, which is coming to Congress to step in  for the generation that sent us there.   So let's get rid of this mistake, clear the decks for a new  generation of better, more accountable leadership, and ensure that  Congress takes more careful responsibility for these decisions moving  forward.   