 Mr. Speaker, first off, let me thank the gentlewoman for  having this Special Order on a very, very important issue.   South Carolina is as far away from the Texas border, the southern  border, as almost any State. We do have an international border with  the port of Charleston. We have airports there. But on Tuesday, the  President carefully explained the reality on our southern border.   Plain and simple, we have a real and tangible national security  crisis on our hands with illegal immigration, drug smuggling, human  smuggling, sex trafficking, and terrorist threats, terrorists  attempting to infiltrate our country through our poorest and unsafe  southern border. These are people who aren't from Central or South  America. There have been people of all nationalities apprehended on our  southern border.   The President should be applauded for looking at every angle and  every out-of-the-box idea to answer his constitutional duty to the  American people to secure our Nation. This is about national security.  It is not just about illegal immigrants wanting to come into our  country to work and provide for their family; this is about national  security.   We all know we have an epidemic drug problem in this country, and the  majority of the drugs are coming across our southern border. Sex  trafficking and human trafficking, in general, are immense in our  southern border region.   And we do know that the Quds Force, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard  Special Elite Forces, the Quds Force, have tried to come across our  southern border, apprehended and thwarted by an undercover DEA agent on  the Mexican side of the border that stopped that. That Quds Force  operative wanted to come to this city, wanted to come to Washington,  D.C., to assassinate the Ambassador from Saudi Arabia at a restaurant  where a Member of this body could have been eating.   The threat of terrorism is real. The illegality and illegal  activities happening on our southern border are real. It is what the  people want. It is what they expect from the Commander-in-Chief, to  make sure that our Nation is safe. They want a true leader, a problem- solver. President Trump has proven that he is a problem-solver in  private business, and he is applying that as Commander-in-Chief.   Congressional Democrats have been unwilling to secure the border,  even though a lot of them voted for the 2006 Secure Fence Act, but they  failed to fund it. So the show vote, if you look at their rhetoric,  they believed in securing the border. Now it is time to put the money  there to truly do it.   Seventy-nine Senators voted for that as well, the 2006 Secure Fence  Act. And because of Democrats' unwillingness to fulfill their  constitutional Article I duties, the government remains partially shut  down.   This isn't politics. This is national security. It is time to build  the wall, secure our border, stop the illegal activities, a national  security issue to protect us and our fellow citizens. We owe it to the  American citizens to step up and secure this Nation.   I applaud the President and I applaud Mrs. Hartzler for having this  Special Order and giving us Members a chance to voice our support for  what is going on with the administration trying to secure this country.   