 Mr. President, I would like to speak for 1 minute as in  morning business.    Oh boy, I have had to scratch my head upon hearing some  criticism of the Finance Committee's Prescription Drug Pricing  Reduction Act from supposedly fiscally conservative, pro-taxpayer  organizations, to mention a couple, like FreedomWorks and Americans for  Tax Reform.   The Grassley-Wyden bipartisan bill ought to have a lot of support. It  would save taxpayers more than $100 billion. You would think fiscally  conservative organizations would want to back that. Of course, some of  these fiscally conservative organizations receive substantial funding  from Big Pharma.   I can't think of a better opportunity to enact bipartisan entitlement  reform that would significantly lower the debt and help rein in  entitlement spending bill. This bill happens to be judged by the  Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan group working for the  Congress as a whole, saying that it would save a little over $100  billion.   Reining in entitlement spending is a goal that I campaigned on, and  nearly every one of my Republican colleagues have campaigned on that  same platform. Now is the chance to carry out those campaign promises,  in other words, to stand on the platform you ran on.   In an era of gridlock and partisanship, do supporters of less  government spending and balanced budgets really think their goal could  be achieved without bipartisanship? Nothing gets done in the U.S.  Senate that isn't somewhat bipartisan. The good news is that my  legislation is bipartisan, and support for the bill is growing every  day.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Durbin. He and I are  working on something that successfully passed the Senate last year and  was not agreed to by the House of Representatives. So we are back to  bring some transparency to pricing of drugs, and that is what I want to  speak about now.   I am here to share a secret with the American people. It is about  prescription drug pricing. As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee,  it is no secret that one of my biggest priorities is to rein in the  soaring costs of prescription medicine. It is no secret that Americans  are having a hard time paying for medicine. It is no secret that Big  Pharma doesn't want us to change the status quo.   In fact, Big Pharma is spending big money to stop Congress and the  Trump administration from legislating a cure of these high prices. That  is the secret. They want to keep drug pricing a secret from the  American people. So what does that mean? It means that Big Pharma wants  to keep secrecy baked in when it benefits Big Pharma.   Right now, the very murky drug pricing supply chain is a mystery to  consumers. There seems to be no rhyme or reason to what consumers will  owe at the pharmacy counter when they pick up their prescriptions.  American taxpayers, American seniors, and this U.S. Senator are fed up  with the lack of consumer information when it comes to pharmaceuticals.  That is why I am working to inject some Midwestern common sense into  prescription drug pricing.   As you can see, I am working with my friend Senator Durbin. We have  teamed up before on issues that naysayers said couldn't get done.   You might recall that President Trump signed our FIRST STEP Act into  law last year. The landmark reforms are protecting public safety,  saving taxpayer dollars, and bringing fairness to the criminal justice  system.   Today, we are teaming up once again to fix an injustice with  prescription drug advertising.   Big Pharma spends billions of dollars a year advertising to the U.S.  consumers. The FDA regulates what these direct-to-consumer ads must  tell consumers. For example, advertisers must include in their ads  potential side effects. You hear it all the time on TV--things about  nausea, diarrhea, depression, weight gain, or even death if you might  buy one of their drugs.   But let me tell you what seems to scare Big Pharma to death--price  transparency. They do not want to tell consumers how much a drug costs  when they saturate the airwaves with advertising that shows happy  families enjoying the grandkids, celebrating birthdays, and going on  vacations.   Senator Durbin and I believe that Americans have a right to know  about the price of drugs, like they need to know the side effects of  drugs or the value of drugs. Consumers should then know what the  advertised drug costs.   It happens that the Trump administration agrees with Senator Durbin  and this Senator on that point, but, of course, Big Pharma sued to stop  the Department of Health and Human Services' regulations from taking  effect.   It is up to Congress, then, to change the law. That is what Senator  Durbin and I are here to talk about today.   Almost exactly 1 year ago, I said here on the floor of the Senate  that it is time for Big Pharma to talk turkey on this subject. Yet here  we are again, 1 year later, and Big Pharma has ridden the taxpayers'  gravy train for another 12 months, and part of that gravy train is  keeping the price of drugs off of the television screens when they  advertise all of the value of the drugs and the dangers and the side  effects of those drugs.   As Americans get ready to count their blessings around the  Thanksgiving table a couple weeks from now, I hope they can count on  all 100 Members of the Senate to approve the Durbin-Grassley bill.   There is no good reason to oppose it unless you would rather keep  secrets for Big Pharma.   I yield the floor.   