 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Gosar, and I appreciate his  leading the Western Caucus Special Order hour of the day and all that  he does, and the members of the Western Caucus, on these issues.   President Obama attempted to implement the Paris Agreement  domestically through an executive order he issued in September 2016,  but the Paris Agreement was never ratified by the United States Senate  as is constitutionally required for a treaty to exist and, therefore,  is not a legally binding treaty.   In June 2017, President Trump announced that the U.S. would cease all  participation in the 2015 Paris Agreement, which is fully in its power  to decide because, again, U.S. involvement is not legally binding. I  applauded that decision then; I continue to applaud it now, and this is  one of the reasons why.   This Paris accord has little efficacy. It will not save the world.  Even if we take at face value the assumption that climate change poses  an existential threat to the planet, U.S. compliance with the Paris  Agreement, or even a full embrace of a far more expansive Green New  Deal, would do little to avert that result.   The U.S. is no longer the primary source of global CO2  emissions. In fact, between 2005 and 2017, our Nation has reduced  CO2 emissions by 862 million tons, and market forces are  increasingly pushing us toward using cleaner and more efficient fuels.   Meanwhile, during roughly the same period, China increased its  emissions by 4 billion tons and India by 1.3 billion tons. It is  extremely unlikely that either China or India are going to fulfill  their requirements within the Paris Agreement.   But even if they and every other country in the world, including the  U.S., were to comply, we would still only succeed in reducing global  temperatures by less than one-half of 1 degree Celsius by the year  2100. That is according to the National Center for Atmospheric  Research.   Like the Green New Deal, H.R. 9 is nothing more than cynical partisan  messaging. I urge everyone in this Chamber to vote ``no.''   