 I thank Senator Whitehouse.   I could not in my wildest dreams be able to replace Senator Baucus in  what he did. But what he did back in 1986, along with a number of other  Senators Senator Whitehouse just talked about, was visionary.   He signed a letter asking Federal researchers to study solutions for  limiting the causes of climate change. This was in 1986, some 33 years  ago. That same year, as I am today, my wife and I were farming in North  Central Montana, a farm that then had been in the family for about 70  years.   During the time before 1986, and since 1986, we have seen a lot of  changes on the farm. That is why it is interesting--because those  changes have increased more than ever, I believe, in the last 20 years.   When this letter was sent off to study solutions in 1986, it was  incredibly visionary because it was before climate change was even  talked about much. Yet this group of Senators was able to see the  negative impacts of this coming down the pike.   By the way, when we talk about negative impacts of climate change-- you probably have this, Senator Whitehouse, but somebody ought to put  together how many hundreds of billions of dollars we have spent on  natural disasters in the last 10 or 12 years compared to how much we  spent in years previous. I can tell you, it was a few years ago that  every State in the Union except one or maybe two had a natural  disaster. That is because our climate is changing. It is because our  climate is getting more erratic. I have seen it on our farm. I have  seen August turn from the driest month to one of the wettest months.  Over the last 20 years, I have seen a reservoir--a reservoir is a  manmade area to hold water for livestock. I have seen a reservoir that  never went dry from the time my father built it in the early 1950s to  going dry for consecutive years. I have seen dangerous floods. I have  seen water where we have never had it before. I have seen drought like  we have never had it before.   I would just say, in regard to that, we just had a vote on a guy by  the name of Wheeler, whom the President nominated to lead the EPA, who  actually is one of these guys who doesn't believe in climate change at  all. I don't know where the President finds these people, and I don't  know how this body can support somebody who is this big of a denier,  who wants to slow enforcement on polluters.   There is one thing we need to keep in mind in this country when we  try to put people like Wheeler up for head of EPA. If you take a look  at the third-world nations in this world, those are the nations that  have destroyed their resource base. If you want to pollute our water  and if you want to pollute our air, that is destroying our resource  base. I guarantee you, that is not a way to make America great. It is  not even a way to keep America great.   This nominee is rolling back the clean water rule. He has allowed  more uses for asbestos in commerce when, in our State of Montana, Libby  can tell you all about asbestos. People are still dying from its  effects.   That aside--the Wheeler nomination, which is a catastrophe in  itself--I could tell you that the Senators who stood on this very floor  33 years ago understood--understood--that we have a challenge in front  of us greater than any other challenge we have faced before, and that  is climate. As we talk about what they did in 1986--we are in 2019  now--now is the time to come up with some workable solutions--workable  for our climate and workable for our economy--to get our arms around  this very serious problem.   I am going to tell you what is at risk here. I love Nevada, but I  don't want Montana turning into an ecosystem like Nevada has. We raise  some of the best wheat and the best cattle and the best post-crops in  the world, but it takes a predictable environment to do that. In some  places in our State, we are on the edge of desertification, turning  into desert.   The issue that revolves around climate change impacts each and every  one of us in this body. Whether we are in denial or not, that is a  fact, and it is incumbent upon us, as Senators who represent great  States all around this Nation, to come up with solutions that our kids  and our grandkids will be proud of.   I yield the floor back to Senator Whitehouse.   