 Mr. Speaker, with record numbers of people coming across  our border illegally, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R. 3056, an  emergency supplemental to provide critically needed funding for the  humanitarian crisis at the border, and ask for its immediate  consideration.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Maryland, and I  just wonder about the responsibility of this legislation. To have the  government promote these items that are on the schedule, things like  MDMA, the pure form of Molly and meth, is that what we want? We want  the Federal Government telling our families and our children: ``Take  this. It is good for you''?   Maybe it is, but I sure don't think it is. I certainly don't want my  kids taking it, and I certainly don't want the government promoting it.   Essentially, my whole life was smoking cessation of tobacco. Now we  are finally at a place where we have reduced that dramatically, and now  we are going to tell the whole rest of the country, well, let's all  start smoking marijuana instead.  [[Page H4613]]    I don't think this is what the government should be promoting, and I  think we should have a lot more research before we tell our kids that  this is what they should be doing.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Maryland.   What time is it? 2:30 on the East Coast here. Some little girl on the  border of Texas, they don't know where to put her; they don't have a  bed for her.   The Department of Homeland Security has made this request. They have  said they are out of money. They are out of resources. Some little girl  who has probably been brought by some trafficker, who has been told to  keep her mouth shut or else, has nowhere to be.   We are in here talking about reports and everything but providing the  resources--not that the President has asked for. I mean, I am sure the  President has, at the behest of his Secretary who knows, who is  operationally on the ground, who sees the problems as they occur.   And because we certainly can't have President Trump have a victory,  some poor little girl is crying in a corner somewhere because she has  been dragged across the border by some trafficker.   We don't even do the biometric test that is required by law. We don't  even know, we can't prove that she is with her family.   The adult says: You tell them that I am your father. You tell them I  am your brother or uncle. You tell them, or else.   And what do we do? We just accept it. We accept this trafficker's  word for it that this little girl belongs with him.   It is unacceptable.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chairwoman, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   