 Mr. Speaker, I thank my honorable friend, Congresswoman  Lawrence, for her leadership on someone who really set a tone, not just  in Detroit and Michigan, but the entire Nation. I thank her for her  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I knew Chairman Conyers, not as well as some of the  Members who have spoken, but I did know him. We each represented the  largest city in a large northern industrial State. Philadelphia and  Detroit have many of the same problems, such as poverty, gun violence,  a loss of good manufacturing jobs, and access to healthcare.   I didn't tell my colleague, Congresswoman Lawrence, that when she  mentioned May 16, I was born on that same day, so there is that  connection there.   The chairman was one of the 12 founders of the Congressional Black  Caucus. From Pennsylvania, the person who was one of them was Robert  N.C. Nix, who was elected in 1958.    So 48 years ago, as a result of the chairman, we have built on the  backs of those founders. Today, there are 54 of us in the caucus,  including the House majority whip, two Senators, four chairs of House  committees, and one of our former members who became a two-term  President of the United States.   The chairman helped to lay the groundwork for this progress. When he  cosponsored the Voting Rights Act of 1965, I was 10 years of age. In  1965, the Voting Rights Act banned discrimination at the ballot box. He  was a fierce critic of the Vietnam war that led to a clash with  President Lyndon Johnson. It even won him a spot on President Nixon's  enemy list.   It is rather interesting to have this conversation today because, as  I recall, he played an important role in the impeachment proceedings.  Mr. Speaker, I want my colleagues to know that I saw that on my black- and-white TV.  [[Page H8532]]    Once again, we are building on the back of the work that he and other  Members did in 1973 and 1974.   We should thank the chairman for his leading role in creating the  Federal holiday that honors Martin Luther King. He introduced a bill 4  days after Dr. King was murdered. When Congressman Lewis talks about  that, he knows what he is talking about. The fight took 15 years, but  he succeeded.   The chairman also played a leading role in another long fight, the  struggle to end apartheid in South Africa, with a Congressman from  Pennsylvania by the name of William Gray. I recall, Mr. Speaker,  meeting President Mandela.   I say all of these things because there is a connection to all of us  who are here today. I think that we should honor the chairman for all  that he has contributed to this Nation.   I want to close with how I recall the chairman urging skeptical  African Americans to get involved in politics. He used to say,  ``Register, vote, run for office. It is power that counts.''   He used to say, ``Register, vote, run for office. It is power that  counts.''   There is an election, Mr. Speaker, 8 days from now. An important way  for all of us to honor the legacy of Chairman Conyers, to honor  everyone who has worked for civil rights, is to vote.   I recall him loving music so much. I heard him talk about John  Coltrane.   I think it is important to recognize that the chairman did so much  for all of us. I feel really a sincere obligation and a commitment to  add my voice to the foundation that he has laid.   As a person who has been a Member of the Congress for only 3 years,  because of the foundation he laid, I have the opportunity to stand here  today. So many of us not just in the Congressional Black Caucus but  Members who are in this House, he has contributed to all of us.   I want you to use your voice and be heard. As he would say, ``Vote.''   