 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Cummings for  bringing this important legislation to the Floor.   In 2005, shortly after Hurricane Katrina, a group of New Orleans  police officers opened fire on a handful of unarmed African American  civilians walking across Danziger Bridge, killing two and injuring  four.   This occurred during the heart of the Hurricane Katrina aftermath and  left deep scars on our community.   Years later five officers were convicted on a variety of charges for  these actions.   However, their convictions were vacated in 2013 due to misconduct by  Department of Justice prosecutors.   In my efforts to find out what happened and why, and to also get  transparency for my constituents, I received a DOJ report that was  heavily redacted and missing crucial facts.   I also learned that the DOJ Inspector General lacked the authority to  investigate those actions.   The DOJ was being left to investigate itself in situations like this  and the American people were being left without the full story.   That ultimately led to the victims and their families never receiving  the full measure of justice they were owed.   This bill grants the Office of the Inspector General for the  Department of Justice the authority to investigate alleged misconduct  committed by Department of Justice attorneys when they act in their  capacity as lawyers.   Currently, the OIG has jurisdiction to review alleged misconduct by  non-lawyers in the DOJ, but the DOJ's own Office of Professional  Responsibility exercises jurisdiction over alleged misconduct committed  by DOJ attorneys when they are litigating, investigating, or providing  legal advice.   From fiscal year 2002 through fiscal year 2013, Office of  Professional Responsibility documented more than 650 infractions,  including allegations that federal attorneys intentionally misled  courts and alleged abuses of the grand jury or indictment process.   In most of these matters--more than 400--OPR categorized the  violations at the more severe end of the scale: recklessness or  intentional misconduct as opposed to error or poor judgment.   However, the DOJ does not make public the names of attorneys who  acted improperly or the defendants whose cases were affected. As a  result, the DOJ, its lawyers, and the internal watchdog office itself  are protected from meaningful public scrutiny and accountability.   This simple change in jurisdiction will ensure that people facing  federal charges get a fair day in court and that the U.S. government is  properly represented in disputes with corporations where taxpayer  dollars are on the line.   We must ensure that innocent people are not wrongly convicted and  sent to prison, and that tainted cases do not cause convictions of  guilty parties to be thrown out.   With stakes as high as these, it is essential that DOJ attorneys be  held to highest possible standards of accountability.   While the Office of Professional Responsibility's investigations and  actions are notorious for their secrecy, the OIG's independence and  transparency will enhance the public's confidence in DOJ's operations.   For these reasons, and for the victims of the Danziger Bridge  shootings and their families, I encourage my colleagues to support this  commonsense legislation.   