 Madam President, a lot of things have been said today, and  some things will be repeated, but as I sit here, it occurs to me that  the mark of a truly great legislator and a great friend is how many  people have an individual story about Johnny Isakson.   That helpful word at a right time, the ability to come in and solve a  problem and get a piece of legislation passed or to get over a  particular bump in a piece of legislation--those are the kinds of  things that define a great legislator.   All of us have our own personal stories about Johnny Isakson. My  first memory of Johnny Isakson is long before I met him personally. In  1992, I was hiring a new pollster who also happened to be Johnny  Isakson's pollster. After I hired that pollster, Linda Duvall, she  brought in somebody she likes to work with in campaigns. I was looking  at some campaign commercials they put together, and there was Johnny  Isakson playing basketball with a bunch of seventh grade boys.   If you can play basketball with seventh grade boys, you can do almost  anything. I am going to come back to the seventh grade boys in a  minute.   Linda called me a few days later and said: We have been trying to  figure out which of our clients you remind us of. She said: We have  decided you remind us of Johnny Isakson. So in 1999, 2 years after I  got to the House, when Johnny Isakson ran for the House, I was eager to  meet this guy whom Linda said I reminded her of. It didn't take me very  long to find out that Linda had misjudged either me or Johnny and that  Johnny set a different standard than the standard most of us are able  to set, but it also encouraged me to want to spend more time with him.   When he got there, I had been there 2 years. I was the chief deputy  whip, and our 20 years of close friendship began then. Then I became  the whip, and I asked Johnny to become one of the deputy whips.   Johnny had the worst whip card in the House. All the people he  whipped were not the worse people to whip, but he definitely had more  than his share of the hardest people to whip. Whoever was the most  impatient with everybody else somehow couldn't resist becoming patient  with Johnny.   Beyond that, Johnny somehow was always able to take the time needed.  I said that Johnny was one of the three whips we had in the House who  could take however much time it took to explain an issue to whomever he  was explaining it to, in whatever level of information they needed to  hear it in. He  [[Page S6814]]  could be very simple and basic in his explanation if that is all that  was necessary, and he could be incredibly detailed if he had that  unique Member who wanted to know everything before they made up their  mind. But he was always ready to do what had to be done.   Back to the seventh grade boys. If you could teach a Sunday school  class for 30 years that has one group of seventh grade boys after  another going through that Sunday school class, you are truly ready to  have the patience to be in the U.S. Congress, to be a Member of the  House, and then to be a Member of the Senate and to let that become  part of your extended family.   Johnny has such a great family who is his own family. He and Dianne  have a great partnership. Dianne leads in community projects. When  there is a First Lady's lunch, Dianne always does the artwork for the  First Lady's lunch.   One of things you benefit from on occasion in the Congress is the  ability to travel together. That has been mentioned here, some of the  travels that Johnny has headed--the D-Day operations and other things.  Not long after Johnny came to Congress, he, Dianne, and I had a chance  to travel together. You could just tell their enjoyment in each other  and their enjoyment in the people they were getting to know better.   Johnny's work at the VA is incredible--the VA MISSION Act, the  determination that veterans would have more choices in where they get  their healthcare, realizing that young veterans didn't always look at  healthcare decisions the same way older veterans did, realizing that  people wanted more choices than they had before, realizing that we  could make that happen, and also realizing there was a standard of care  that we could insist on. Johnny passed the legislation that allowed us  to do that.   His advocacy for the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta--we have  our annual discussion. I chair that committee now, and we have our  annual, very subtle but, for me, almost irresistible discussion-- somehow the Centers for Disease Control doesn't quite yet have  everything they need, and we can do better.   Then there is the Ethics Committee. When Johnny announced he was  going to retire, I happened to be speaking to our conference at lunch  that day, to the Republicans in the Senate, and I said: The bad news is  that Johnny is leaving. The really bad news is that someone else has to  be the chairman of the Ethics Committee.   If there is a job in the Senate that you don't want, it is the Ethics  Committee job. If there is a job in the Senate that you need to have  exactly the right person in, it is the Ethics Committee job. Somebody  has to be chairman.   In one of my favorite books, ``To Kill A Mockingbird,'' the neighbor  across the street, Miss Maude, is explaining to Scout why her father is  having to do what her father is doing. I think the best I can remember  that quote is that she says someone has to do the jobs that have to be  done and that nobody wants to do. Johnny Isakson has always been  willing to do the jobs that have to be done, and he does them in a way  that you wonder why everybody doesn't want to do them because he makes  them look like they are a lot easier than they are.   We will miss you here, Johnny, but we are not going to miss your  continued friendship. We all are already planning on how we can come up  with a reason to go to Atlanta. For me, it is to check in on the CDC.  Thank you for your service. Thank you for your friendship.   