 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Electronic  Message Preservation Act. I introduced this bill with the goal of  modernizing the Federal and Presidential Records Acts.   This bill would require the Archivist of the United States to issue  regulations mandating that all federal agencies manage and preserve  their email records electronically.   This bill would help ensure that email records from federal agencies  and the White House are preserved.   According to a September 2018 report from the National Archives and  Records Administration, approximately 35 percent of agencies continue  to print and file hard copies of email messages.   This means that these records are more likely to get lost and that  they are harder for the agency to retrieve during records searches  under the Freedom of Information Act.   This bill would put into statute what agencies are already required  to do under a directive issued by the Archivist and the Director of the  Office of Management and Budget in 2012.   In 2016, the National Archives issued a document for agency records  officers titled, ``Why Agencies Need to Move Towards Electronic  Recordkeeping.'' The National Archives identified a number of reasons  including long term cost savings, information security, and more  efficient and effective implementation of the Freedom of Information  Act.   This bill would also require the Archivist to establish standards for  the preservation and management of email records that are presidential  records and to certify annually that the White House has records  management controls in place that meet those standards.   Under this bill, the Archivist must report one year after the  president leaves office on whether the controls used by the president  met the required standards.   This legislation would provide accountability to encourage every  president to have the controls in place that are necessary to preserve  emails and other electronic records.   This bill has passed the House with bipartisan support several times  before, including last Congress. I urge my colleagues to support the  bill again today and I hope the Senate will act on the bill and send it  to the President's desk before the end of the year.   