 Madam Speaker, in 1998, I voted for three of the four  counts of impeachment brought against President Clinton. Those votes  were some of the most difficult I have cast during my 25 years in  Congress. Impeachment is an extreme remedy, which, in effect, alters a  decision made by the American people through an election. It was clear,  however, that President Clinton had lied under oath in a judicial  proceeding, a felony crime for which other Americans are routinely  prosecuted and convicted. In my view, dismissing such a crime because  the lies involved private rather than public actions or because the  perjurer was the President of the United States would have undermined  the rule of law and presented a danger to our constitutional system of  government. Therefore, I voted for three of the counts.   The count of impeachment that I voted against in 1998 involved  ``abuse of power.'' It was essentially a repeat of the perjury recited  in other counts and a failure to provide information to Congress. It  was also one of two counts that failed to receive a majority of the  votes on the Floor of the House.   In contrast to 1998, the votes I make today are not difficult at all.  After three years of investigating this President, House Democrats  center their case for impeachment on one phone call between President  Trump and the President of Ukraine, a transcript of which has been  released.   I believe that aspects of that phone call, particularly discussing an  investigation of a political opponent, were inappropriate for a  president. I recognize that ignoring potentially corrupt behavior  because of political prominence could lead to another set of problems.  Nonetheless, under the circumstances, I believe that it would have been  best if the President had avoided such topics.   Inappropriate does not mean impeachable. The Constitution sets a high  standard for impeachable conduct: ``Treason, Bribery, other high Crimes  and Misdemeanors.'' (Article II, Section 4) A potentially inappropriate  conversation does not begin to approach that standard, as the counts  brought before us today demonstrate.   Count one alleges ``abuse of power,'' the same phrase rejected by the  House in the Clinton impeachment. The allegations relate to the phone  call, an investigation that was never conducted, and a temporary delay  in military aid being released. In spite of a last-minute attempt in  the Judiciary Committee's report to allege some form of bribery, the  evidence and the law do not support the charge, and the Committee made  no serious attempt to prove it. Instead, we are left with a nebulous,  subjective phrase that can be used to cover any political or stylistic  difference.   Count two alleges ``obstruction of Congress.'' I find it remarkable  that an impeachment process which, in contrast to those prior, has been  totally partisan with no attempt at a jointly-decided bipartisan  process, would attempt to impeach a president for resisting such  partisanship. In addition, I believe that it is a mistake to  essentially criminalize the inherent tensions between the legislative  and executive branches of government.   To describe these counts as ``weak'' overstates them. A partisan  process, designed from the beginning to achieve a desired result,  brings to the Floor two counts that do not begin to meet the  constitutional standard for impeachment, even if all of the facts  alleged are assumed true. It is a misuse--one might say ``abuse''--of  the Constitution's impeachment power.   One final concern: the partisan process used in this case degrades  established boundaries of political competition that have helped this  nation survive intense political differences for over two hundred  years. As a result, I fear that partisan impeachment efforts may well  become just another tool in the political arsenal, expected to be  pursued by whichever party loses a presidential election.   The damage done to our constitutional processes and to our  institutions by this hyper-partisan, flawed process is greater than any  alleged harm done by the President's phone call. I hope and trust that  the American people in their wisdom will see that appropriate  boundaries and constitutional balance are restored.   