 Mr. Speaker, it is crucially important that  we pass this bill. The most fundamental responsibility of government is  to fund the government and operate. And as simple as that may sound,  over the course of the last 8 years, we have repeatedly failed to do  that.   We have had several government shutdowns, countless other threatened  government shutdowns, continuing resolutions, and a steady failure to  even come close to meeting the October 1st deadline for funding the  discretionary portion of the government; and that has had a devastating  impact.   Certainly, we have heard on a number of occasions about the impact it  has had on our national security. The Department of Defense has not  been able to plan its budget for too many years. It has led to  inconsistency and, as we have heard, it has led to a readiness crisis.   But this applies also to the nondefense discretionary portion of the  budget; to infrastructure, and healthcare, and education, and housing.  All of those items have been under uncertainty for too long over the  course of the last 8 years.   This budget agreement, though not perfect, funds the government and,  I believe, responsibly funds the government, both defense and  nondefense.   I really want to commend both Secretary Mnuchin and Speaker Pelosi  for coming together and negotiating this agreement. There is no secret  that we have big differences between the Democratically controlled  House and the White House and the Republican-controlled Senate. But  despite those differences, we have to function. We have to be able to  fund the government and meet our responsibilities to the American  people.   They were able to transcend those differences, get this deal done,  and fund the government in a responsible way.   Now, it is absolutely true that the debt and the deficit are still a  problem. I know there are many people out there who say that it is not.  I just don't see how those numbers add up. You cannot continually spend  more money than you take in before it becomes a problem. We need to  responsibly address that issue.   I don't think it was responsible to cut taxes by nearly $2 trillion  in the face of that. I certainly also think that defense has to be part  of that conversation.   The gentleman earlier said, well, you could zero out the defense  budget and it wouldn't make any difference. Well, the defense budget is  17 percent of the budget. If you are 17 percent of a budget that is  massively in debt, you are at least part of the problem.   I mean, you can take any one piece of the budget and say, well, that  is not the problem. In fact, that is kind of what we have been doing.  We have been taking piece by piece and saying, well, we can't cut that;  we can't raise that tax.   Meanwhile, we have been insisting on a dollar's worth of government  for 80  [[Page H7404]]  cents worth of taxes. In the long run, people will pay the price for  that. In the short term we have to responsibly fund the government.  That is exactly what this bill does.   Again, I thank the leadership that brought this to be, and I urge  support and passage of this bill.   