 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of title II of  H. Res. 6, which creates a Select Committee on the Modernization of  Congress.   Before I was elected to Congress, I was a political science  professor. I studied and taught American Government, and my specialty  was Congress. Whenever I was teaching a class on Congress, I would  start by showing the old Schoolhouse Rock video ``I'm Just a Bill.'' In  this video, Bill taught how a bill becomes a law. It was a great way of  introducing, not just kids watching Saturday morning cartoons, but also  teaching college students how a bill goes through the process in  Congress to become a law. This was a 3-minute video from 40 years ago.    Unfortunately, if the song was updated today, it would need to be  much longer than 3 minutes, with the addition of many more verses that  explained how difficult it is for a bill to become a law.   Over the years, Congress has become increasingly dysfunctional. When  I taught American Government, I would always point out that the  Constitution established Congress in Article I, before the executive  and judicial branches, because the drafters understood the critical  importance of Congress leading in our representative democracy.   Congressional dysfunction increasingly turns more power, however,  over to the President and to the courts, which takes power away from  the American people. So Congress needs reform so it can function as it  was intended and return this power to the American people.   Since 2016, I have introduced legislation with my friend and  colleague, Mr. LaHood, to establish a Joint Committee on the  Organization of Congress so we could have a mechanism to study and  enact reform proposals to improve the operations of the House and  Senate. I advocated for this committee because we need a forum for the  holistic examination of the rules and procedures essential to effective  legislating.   We need to hold up a magnifying glass to Congress and to push for  comprehensive reforms to make the institution more efficient,  effective, and accountable to all Americans. We need to find new ways  to empower all Members to participate in the legislative process,  debate ideas, advance their ideas, and get laws enacted.   As Ms. Lofgren talked about, through the history of Congress, we have  had these committees that have brought important changes to the way  that this body operates. With the start of this new 116th Congress, I  am happy to see that this call for reform has been heeded with the  inclusion in the resolution creating a Select Committee on the  Modernization of Congress.   While the Select Committee does not contain all the elements of the  legislation we had introduced, notably, it doesn't include Senate  reform; this is an important step forward that we can achieve today,  immediately, through House rules. The Select Committee will be able to  make recommendations on a wide range of issues affecting work in  Congress, including procedural reform, leadership development, staff  recruitment and retention, technology, innovation, and administration.  And the committee gives both parties an equal say in the process of  developing the package of reforms.   I am grateful to my party's leadership, especially Speaker Pelosi and  incoming Rules Committee Chairman McGovern, for making this a part of  the House rules package for the 116th Congress.   Madam Speaker, I look forward to continuing to work to restore public  trust in this institution by making Congress more transparent and  effective. And by doing this, we will return power to the American  people, and we can have lawmaking just as explained by Bill in his  Schoolhouse Rock video, with power going to the people through their  representatives in the House.   I ask my colleagues to support this resolution.   