 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in 2015, I was selected to chair the Congressional Task  Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. After months  of briefings, site visits, and hearings, it became clear that the  Department of Homeland Security had to improve internal and external  coordination and intelligence sharing to address a growing threat of  foreign fighter travel, as well as other counterterrorism efforts.   As a result, I introduced legislation to authorize and enhance the  Department of Homeland Security Counterterrorism Advisory Board.  Established in 2010, the CTAB brings senior officials across the  spectrum in the Department to share information and coordinate  counterterrorism activities.   The CTAB has improved the Department's ability to respond to  terrorism threats and harmonize counterterrorism programs and  activities across DHS components.   Given that the CTAB has never been authorized in law, the Board could  be dismantled at any time, and the counterterrorism gains achieved  could be lost. The bill ensures that the CTAB will be formally  established in law. The bill also ensures the CTAB includes robust  participation from DHS-component agencies in order to ensure all  homeland security resources are utilized and the one DHS vision is  realized.   With ISIS having lost nearly all of its territory and all of al- Qaida's senior leaders calling for unity among jihadist groups, it is  more important than ever to ensure DHS is using all available resources  to identify and prevent terrorists from coming to the United States.   The bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to establish a  charter to govern the roles and responsibilities of the CTAB, and  further requires that the charter be reviewed and updated at least  every 4 years to ensure the Department of Homeland Security is keeping  pace with the ever-evolving terrorist threats.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Thompson and Ranking Member  Rogers for selecting this bill as a priority for floor consideration so  early in a new Congress. I look forward to working with our Senate  colleagues to move this legislation through the process, and as always,  I look forward to working with my colleague, the gentlewoman from New  York (Miss Rice).   Mr. Speaker, I am proud that this body is working to continue to  strengthen our national security by debating the legislation before us  today.   I introduced this bill in the 114th Congress and 115th Congress, and  it passed the House by an overwhelming majority.   I urge my colleagues to again pass this measure and support the  Department of Homeland Security's counterterrorism mission, and I hope  the Senate will get it through this time.   I yield back the balance of my time.   Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, again, H.R. 769 will authorize  within the Department of Homeland Security, the Counterterrorism  Advisory Board to coordinate and integrate the Department's  intelligence activities and policies as they relate to  counterterrorism.   This Board already plays a central and necessary role within DHS, and  H.R. 769 will ensure that the Counterterrorism Advisory Board will  remain in place for decades to come.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and friend and fellow New  Yorker, Congressman Katko. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 769,  and I yield back the balance of my time   