 Madam President, it really is a privilege to join with so  many of my Senate friends in honoring the service of Senator Johnny  Isakson.   I would also say to Senator Isakson: Isn't it nice to hear all of  these wonderful things while you are alive and can be enjoying it?   I have had the privilege of serving with 391 U.S. Senators. I respect  the office they hold, but some of those 391 I respect not just for the  office but for who they are.   Johnny Isakson stands out among the 391 because of who he is: a  lifelong Georgian through and through, born and raised in Atlanta. As  we have heard from others, he went on to serve in the Georgia Air  National Guard and had a wildly successful career in real estate in his  home State.   It was a call to service that led him to seek opportunities to  represent his fellow Georgians in the State legislature, in the U.S.  House of Representatives, and, to the benefit of every single Senator  in both parties, ultimately, here in the U.S. Senate.   I have seen him, as chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee,  fight for  [[Page S6809]]  our Nation's servicemembers. He tried to make our system of care for  our veterans more efficient, higher quality, and most importantly  widely accessible.   The VA MISSION Act was a wonderful signature accomplishment of  Senator Isakson's tenure on the Veterans' Affairs Committee. But his  commitment to our nation's veterans extends far beyond healthcare. He  was a key leader of the Forever GI Bill, which made GI bill benefits  available to veterans at any time in their career, without expiration.   As I said, I hold in my mind a very special group of the 391 Senators  I have served with. Johnny, you know you are in that very, very special  group. I remember when I first came to the Senate in the wake of  Watergate, I spent time cultivating bipartisan relationships that might  help my advocacy for Vermonters and for the Nation.   I forged relationships with Senators with whom I had strong  differences of opinion, but with whom I could find common ground. I  valued the partnership of Members who, when they gave their word, they  kept it. That is why I value Senator Isakson. He is a Senator in that  mold whom I looked up to the most when I first came here. He reflects  the best of those Senators of both parties, who, over the decades, have  shaped my knowledge of this body.   He is a public servant devoted to his constituents, devoted to his  country, devoted to this Chamber. The Senate needs more people like  Johnny Isakson.   I know that he and Dianne will welcome the calmer days that lie ahead  of them, but the Senate is going to miss him and his efforts to promote  bipartisanship. I have even learned to like Georgian barbecue, which I  never had before I met Johnny Isakson. I also like the good spirit he  brought with him and the fact that he had Republicans and Democrats  across the political spectrum sitting and enjoying each other's  company, enjoying the example of Johnny Isakson.   Johnny, as I have told you privately, I am sad to see you leave, but  I so value our friendship.   I yield the floor.   