 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I want to start by saying something: Everybody here in this Chamber  means well. Everybody here in this Chamber believes they are fighting  for the right thing for this country.   Unfortunately, sometimes with these debates, they get heated and we  begin to ascribe bad motives to the other side. I ascribe no bad  motives to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and there are  no bad motives on our side. It is just a little bit of a difference in  how we see it.   We are all passionate about this issue, which is evident by the  quality of the debate we are having here. But I am going to tell you  why I came to believe that this was a national emergency.   I was sent down to the border with the National Guard. I went down  and did 2 weeks with my unit, which is down there for 2 months.   As part-timers, we go down and we fill in and augment different  amounts of time. I fly a surveillance aircraft. It is called an RC-26.   We actually work with Border Patrol, and what we would do is, through  technology, some of the technology that exists, they would get  indications of a group coming over the border. We would have a central  authority that would see these groups coming over the border and would  take the limited air assets we had and put them on these groups to  surveil them and then coordinate with Border Patrol, or whatever, to  come in and get them. And what we saw, frankly, was pretty eye-opening  for me.   First off, Arizona has some very rugged territory.   I have worked Texas, by the way, three times doing this exact same  mission. I am going to give you an opportunity to guess who the  President was when I did this mission three other times. It was  President Obama, because he understood the need for the guard on the  border.   So we would see these groups come over. They would go through this  rugged terrain.   By the way, I never worked an area in Arizona where there was a  barrier. We never had to. But there is a lot of area that isn't.   We would then respond, and basically, 9 times out of 10, any time  these groups got any indication that Border Patrol was nearby or there  was an aircraft overhead, they would do what we call a bomb burst. It  looks like that on the infrared we are using. They would run in all  different directions, and many people would get separated.   But do you know who the first to bomb blast away from that group was?  The first people, every time, were the coyotes who they paid their life  savings to to bring them over the border--every time.   In fact, one time that exact scenario happened, and a lady was left  lost in the desert, hunkered down in a bush. Had Border Patrol not  found her--sure, she will be deported for that because she came in  illegally. But if Border Patrol had not found her, I believe that there  is a chance that she could have been one of the at least 200 bodies  that they find every year in the desert because they are abandoned by  their drug traffickers, by their coyotes who are paid for and who pay  money to the drug cartels.   That is a big part of where these cartels in Mexico get their money,  funneling people over the border, human trafficking. We know the  statistics of the chance of assault during that. We know that kind of  stuff.   It wasn't my mission, but my crew was on a mission, the very first  one, where an illegal was apprehended, and he had 70 pounds of  methamphetamine on him.   Now, I know there is way more than 70 pounds of methamphetamine out  there in the United States, but there are way more people we are not  seeing come over that border as well.   People sometimes look at the rugged terrain of Arizona and say, well,  with mountains and hills, that is the natural wall.   By the way, I went hiking on those mountains and hills during my time  off, I will say that.   But the other interesting thing is a significant amount of the people  we were following were actually on those mountains and hills. They were  on the mountains and hills because that rugged terrain is just as  difficult for Border Patrol to navigate as them.   In fact, I watched as a Border Patrol helicopter followed a man  probably 100 feet away. This is on video. Border Patrol can release  this video if they want. The man was running. The Border Patrol cannot  insert Border Patrol agents to capture him. This guy is still gone  today. He had to have been a coyote or a drug trafficker.   Seeing this repeatedly made me realize this is not a national  emergency because of immigration. I actually believe in comprehensive  immigration reform. I want to work with the other side of the aisle to  fix all these problems that I think we really actually all agree on. We  just can't admit we agree on all this stuff. I look at this and I say  this is an 80 percent solution that we can fix.    But when I came back from the border and I came back from seeing the  real issue that makes this a national emergency--drugs, human  trafficking--that is when I realized something had to be done.   A wall and a barrier is not compassionless. I think border security  and compassion actually go hand in hand. Because what we are saying is:  Come over to the United States of America, but do it the right and  legal way, because, otherwise, these coyotes in the cartel are going to  take advantage of you, take your life savings, and take you through a  very dangerous route. And when the going gets tough, they are going to  leave you to die, because they did that to 200 of them last year in  Arizona.   It was an eye-opening experience.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the passion everybody has in this. I  respect everybody's debate in this. This is how I came to the  conclusion I did.   Please vote ``no'' on this.   