 Mr. President, I have come to the floor to be joined soon  by my colleague and cochair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus,  Senator Coons, to honor the men and women who work for us every day to  help protect us every day during Police Week. This is an annual event.  It brings law enforcement officers to Washington from around the  country and of course including my State of Missouri.   As it turns out, Police Week is really a bad week to rob a store in  Washington with a town full of policemen. Just last week, several  would-be robbers came out of a robbery and almost ran into a group of  St. Louis area policemen and a New Jersey policeman. They immediately  chased down and arrested the perpetrators of that crime.   Criminals are often not very smart, but you have to be particularly  not smart to decide you are going to rob a store in Washington during  Police Week. Thank goodness for those who wear blue and work to serve  us and protect us every day and even do that when they are off duty and  hundreds of miles away from home. So congratulations to those officers  for what they did while they are here, and nobody is very surprised by  that.   When Senator Coons and I came to the Senate a little over 8 years  ago, we started trying to find a law enforcement caucus to join, and  found out there wasn't one, so Senator Coons said to me: Let's just  start one, and we did. This is the week.   We get a chance every year to talk about, specifically, what happens  this week. We look for opportunities through the year to, No. 1, honor  the people who work here protecting us every day, and, No. 2, to talk  about things happening in the country that affect the people who  protect us and protect police and sheriff's departments. This is the  time of year, frankly, when the tragic loss of family is so evident as  we add people to the police memorial.   Four Missourians were added to that list this year. Deputy Sheriff  Aaron Paul Roberts of the Greene County Sheriff's Office--the county I  live in--died when his patrol car was swept into the Pomme de Terre  River after he responded to a 911 call. Deputy Roberts had served with  the Sheriff's Office for about 1 year, but he had previously served  with the Willard Police Department for 4 years. He is survived by his  wife, daughter, and by his parents.   In April of 2018, Miller County Deputy Sheriff Casey Shoemate was  killed when his vehicle collided with an oncoming vehicle while  responding to a structure fire. He had served with that department for  about 1 year as well, but he previously worked in two other Missouri  police departments. He is survived by his two children, his fiancee,  his parents, and his siblings.   In March of 2018, Clinton Police Department Officer Christopher  Morton was shot and killed when he and two other officers responded to  a 911 call. As Officer Morton and his colleagues arrived at the scene,  a man began shooting at them. The officers returned fire. They entered  the building. The subject continued to fire. He fatally wounded Officer  Morton and injured two of Officer Morton's colleagues whom I had a  chance to visit with at that department not long after this incident.   Officer Morton had been with the Clinton Police Department for 3  years. Prior to that, he served in the U.S. military through the  Missouri Army National Guard. He had been deployed to Kosovo. He had  been deployed to Afghanistan. His parents and siblings, I know, worried  about him there but wouldn't have, in their wildest imagination,  thought he would be killed at home near his hometown when reacting to a  911 call from a house.   In March of last year, FBI Special Agent Melissa Morrow, of Kansas  City, died from a brain cancer she developed following the 9/11  terrorist attack on the Pentagon. She had been assigned to the Evidence  Response Team of the FBI Washington Field Office. She spent 10 weeks  after that event recovering and processing evidence from the site in  hazardous conditions. Melissa is survived by her parents, her sister, a  niece, and a nephew.   The names of these fallen men and women were added to the National  Law Enforcement Officers Memorial here in Washington and to the Wall of  Honor at the Missouri Law Enforcement Memorial over the last month.  They will be remembered by people who benefited from and remember their  bravery, their dedication, and their sacrifice.   This is a time when we honor those who serve us, particularly for  lives which have been lost, but it is also the time to think about what  we can do to serve them in a better way, to be sure they have the  equipment they need, the resources they need, and the training they  need.   I mentioned at an event earlier today that for the last 50 years, law  enforcement and emergency rooms have also been, unfortunately for  everybody involved, the de facto mental health delivery system in the  country. Officers now take crisis intervention training to be sure they  are really prepared when they are dealing with someone whose intent is  not criminal, but their activities are impacted by their mental health  issues and what to do in that situation so everybody is better served.   We have worked hard to see that the Regional Information Sharing  System in our State, headquartered in Springfield, is properly funded.  The High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program has the center for  our region in Kansas City. Those are things that Senator Coons and I  have worked together on to do our best to fund.   Two different times now, we have worked together to extend the  Victims of Child Abuse Program. Last year, we again introduced the  bill. I think the previous extension had been a 5-year extension, and  we came to the end of that. This is the program where, at 23 centers in  Missouri, people understand how to get the forensic information, the  testimony they need from kids who have either been the victims of crime  or witnesses of crimes.   Every law enforcement person I have talked to, Senator Coons, every  prosecutor I have talked to believes that what happens at these victims  of child abuse centers can't be replaced anywhere else.   Now we are working together on the National Law Enforcement Museum  Commemorative Coin Act, a bill that the Senate passed last year, and  the House didn't get to it. We want to do that again. The Law  Enforcement Museum in Washington would be the beneficiary of the  proceeds from that coin after the cost of the coin is paid. We are  going to be working together on that.   We have worked with other colleagues. I have worked with Senator Pat  Roberts of Kansas on the Kelsey  [[Page S2900]]  Smith Act. It is named after 18-year-old Kelsey Smith, who was abducted  and murdered in 2007. This bill strengthens the ability of law  enforcement to get the information they need, quick access to someone's  cell phone to get the information of where they might still be or where  they last were when they separated from that phone, if that is what  happened.   Senator Stabenow and I are continuing to work on the Mental Health  and Addiction Treatment Act, something that every time we have support  testimony on that act, it always involves law enforcement, which wants  more focus on mental health courts and more focus on drug courts but  particularly more focus on the ability of officers to deal with the  situation in the best possible way when they come upon it. Remembering  those who have fallen and continuing to work for those who stand up for  us and run to the side of danger as they shield us from danger is  important.    I am glad to be joined today by my good friend Senator Coons from  Delaware.   