 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my  amendment, which would increase the funding level to Historically Black  Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) from the Department of Defense by  four million dollars above current levels. I want to thank  Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman Visclosky for his support of this  program and of this amendment.   Since 1837, HBCUs have served as training grounds for generations of  African American students and scholars, and more recently, these  important institutions have strengthened America's scientific  workforce. Educating students and communities as anchors of academic  excellence, HBCUs have a storied past and a dynamic present in their  unique role of raising up new academic leaders against the grain of  decades of discrimination and racism.   Building on this long history of achievement through investment, my  amendment will increase resources for HBCUs by strengthening the  Department of Defense's investments in the physical sciences,  mathematics, and engineering programs at HBCUs and their corresponding  national security benefits.   HBCUs support some of the most cutting-edge defense and national  security-related research in the country. Armed with these continued  investments, HBCUs will be able to maintain their unique role in  buttressing important national security initiatives.   For example, these programs support research in mobile computers that  can be deployed to aid our servicemen and servicewomen on the  battlefield.   Additionally, these programs are helping to improve the way our  intelligence community classifies and manages large infrared  photographs taken on important reconnaissance missions.   At a time when we are encouraging more training for students in the  STEM fields, and promoting the benefits of a more diverse workforce in  research and in the high-tech sectors, increasing DoD's investments for  Historically Black Colleges and Universities strengthens these goals  and institutions, as well as our national security. I am encouraged  that this amendment was included in the package of bipartisan en bloc  amendments. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   