 Mr. President, it is an honor and a joy for me to come to  the floor today not just as the Senator representing Delaware but as  the cochair of the Senate Law Enforcement Caucus, which I am very proud  to have a chance to lead with my friend and colleague Senator Blunt  from Missouri.   As you just heard, he recited some of the many ways in which we have  been able to work together. Senator Blunt, as a seasoned senior  appropriator, someone who has experience in the House of  Representatives and in the private sector at home, leading an  educational institution, and has worked in State and local government,  along with my experience in local government and the private sector--I  think that has allowed us to do really good and positive things for the  men and women of law enforcement.   This is National Police Week. It is an opportunity for us--not just  here in the Senate but all over the country--to thank the hundreds of  thousands of men and women in State and local law enforcement, as well  as in Federal law enforcement agencies, who make possible the  opportunity we have to enjoy our freedoms. Our basic safety, our  ability to travel far and wide, to speak and live, and to praise and  believe as we hope--all of this is made possible because of the ways in  which our law enforcement officers guarantee those freedoms by  literally putting their lives on the line for us each and every day.  For that, we are eternally grateful.   The Law Enforcement Caucus, which Senator Blunt and I founded, has  held a number of engaging and important bipartisan sessions. You heard  the Senator reference things like the High Intensity Drug Trafficking  Areas Program and RISS, the Regional Intelligence Sharing System that  helps to connect resources between Federal and State and local law  enforcement. We also recently had a session on sharing relationship- building models where we had folks in from Delaware and Missouri to  talk about how law enforcement serves as positive role models and  mentors in the community through terrific programs.   I look forward to continuing to work with my friend and colleague  Senator Blunt on these issues in the year ahead in the Law Enforcement  Caucus and to talking briefly here on the floor today about how we  should not just give great speeches but actually take important actions  to demonstrate to the families and to the men and women of law  enforcement that we care deeply about their service and about whether  they come home at the end of their shift.   I serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee. On a unanimous basis, we  recently advanced a series of bills that will help advance officer  safety, not the least of which is making permanent the Federal  Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program that has literally saved lives  across the country. The capitol police--the police who protect  Delaware's capitol and our courthouse--had a dramatic and personal  experience with that when two law enforcement officers' lives were  saved when they were shot in the line of duty, and it was only because  they were wearing vests made possible by this Federal-State partnership  that they survived.   I will also continue to work to support the COPS Program, which  ensures that we have officers on the ground in communities large and  small in Delaware, such as Cheswold, Delmar, Laurel, Ocean View,  Smyrna, and my home city of Wilmington. They all have been able to hire  new officers in recent years because of the COPS Program.   We are also working together on reforms to the Public Safety  Officers' Benefits Program to ensure that families of officers who are  permanently disabled or lose their lives in the line of duty receive  the benefits they richly deserve.   Let me conclude by thanking and honoring a few specific officers from  Delaware's law enforcement community for their service this past year.  We have not had any Delawareans' names added to the Wall of Honor  referenced by the Senator from Missouri, but all of us who have  affection for and support the law enforcement community in Delaware  know that we are simply blessed this year to have not joined that  terrible roll of great honor of those who have given their lives in the  line of duty.   Let me briefly thank Sergeant Paul Doherty of the Delaware State  Police, who was awarded the Robert J. Seinsoth Memorial Award as the  2018 Delaware Crime Stoppers Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. His  investigatory work following up on a robbery led to the apprehension of  a serial, dangerous criminal who harmed other Delawareans.   Let me honor Detective Jonathan Moyer, who led the investigation of  fraud and theft at Beebee Hospital in Lewes, DE.   Let me honor Detective Ryan Schmid from the Dover Police Department.  He is a 6-year veteran of that department and maintained an amazing  clearance rate of 84 percent in investigated burglaries, robberies, and  attempted murder and solved homicide.   Lastly, let me recognize Detective Brad Cordrey, who is Delaware's  Child Welfare Professional of the Year and has served under Georgetown  chief of police R.L. Hughes, who said that ``Brad's dedication,  compassion, and tenacity to solve serious cases are unmatched.''   There is so much more I could say, but given the number of my  colleagues who have also come to the floor to speak, let me conclude by  simply saying how grateful all of us are to the men and women of law  enforcement.   During this National Police Week, let me say what a great blessing it  is to be able to continue to work with my colleague Senator Blunt of  Missouri in cochairing the Law Enforcement Caucus in this Congress and  hopefully for many years to come.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   