 Madam Speaker, I stand here today as a former FBI  agent who worked in New York City side by side with these very people  we are seeking to protect today. We are here united with our colleagues  from both sides of the aisle to renew the 9/11 Victim Compensation  Fund.   Madam Speaker, as was said repeatedly on this floor, this matter is  urgent and cannot wait any longer.   On that fateful day nearly 18 years ago, American heroes rushed to  save their fellow citizens without regard for their own safety. They  paid a heavy price, with many today suffering from respiratory  illnesses from breathing in toxic dust at Ground Zero, dust that  contained lead, asbestos, mercury, and many other contaminants.   Just last month, our Nation mourned the loss of Detective Luis  Alvarez, who inspired us all with his visit to Capitol Hill this year.  His bravery and the bravery of all the people who sacrificed must be  honored appropriately. In his memory and to honor all the brave men and  women who saved lives that day, we must get this done.   Madam Speaker, as the vice chair of the bipartisan Problem Solvers  Caucus--24 Democrats and 24 Republicans--we have endorsed this bill. We  worked very hard to get over the 290-cosponsor threshold to get this on  the Consensus Calendar. It currently stands at 332 cosponsors.   I thank Jon Stewart for elevating the profile of this bill. It was  incredibly important for its success.   I urge all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans alike, to come  together and support our Nation's heroes. ``Never forget'' must mean  never forget.   These are people who did the opposite of what we are all born with,  as far as our instincts go. For every single one of us, based on our  genetic DNA, are instincts are to run away from danger. These are men  and women who do the opposite. They run toward the danger at great  physical sacrifice and at great psychological and emotional sacrifice,  all in the name of serving a cause bigger than themselves.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this and make this  unanimous.   