 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding  me the time and for her outstanding service as a member of this august  body. I would also like to thank my friend from Louisiana, my home  State, for his outstanding presentation as it relates to this piece of  legislation.   Seated next to the gentleman from Louisiana is our dear friend, who  is cosponsoring this piece of legislation, Mr. Taylor. Mr. Speaker, I  thank Mr. Taylor for all that he has done to bring this to fruition.  And, of course, we could not do this without saying a word about the  chairperson of the full committee, Mr. Thompson. I want to thank Mr.  Thompson for not only bringing this legislation to my attention but,  also, allowing it to get to the floor, such that we might have this  opportunity for passage.   I would like to address immediately the concern that my friend raised  about this piece of legislation not being perfect, and I confess that  it isn't. I do think it is good legislation, but I want to allay any  consternation that Members may have.   Mr. Speaker, I have already spoken to staff, and I have agreed that  we should be flexible in trying to work to make sure that what we  present to the Senate and what we ultimately get from the Senate will  be something that we can all agree to. Just as we have been able to  bring this to the floor with bipartisan support, I would like to see  bicameral support and continue this bipartisan relationship. I think it  is an imperative for us if we are going to do this in an effective way.   One thing to talk about very briefly, of course, is the subpoena  power. I think this is a thing that some people are afraid might  somehow be abused. I am concerned. I believe that this type of  authority should be handled with the greatest degree of sensitivity.   Mr. Speaker, we pledge to you to do all that we can to make sure  that, as we move forward, that level of sensitivity is something that  we embrace in a holistic way so that all parties concerned will  ultimately conclude that we have come up with the perfect formula to  get this to the President for his signature.   I would like to say this, finally: This piece of legislation is  something that I think is sorely needed. What it does is it will confer  upon the CRCL officer the same authorities granted to DHS privacy  officers. That same level of authority is something that I believe  would be of great benefit to the Department and to the people that the  Department will embrace by way of their services.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my friends and colleagues, and I am going  to be as pithy as I can be and simply say ``amen'' to what has been  said.   