 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and  the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran)  would have voted ``yea.''    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, yesterday we confirmed two more excellent  judges in the Senate. Despite Democratic obstruction, we continue to  move forward on confirming nominees to the Federal bench.   Some of our Democratic colleagues have criticized the amount of time  the Senate spends on judges. We have spent a substantial amount of time  on judges because we have had to.   Back in the day, most of the judicial nominees we are considering  would have been confirmed without the time-consuming cloture vote  process. By this point in President Obama's first term, Republicans had  required cloture votes on just three--three--of President Obama's  judicial nominees. Let's compare that to today.   As of yesterday, July 24, Democrats had required cloture votes on a  staggering 94 judicial nominees--94--to 3 at this same point under  President Obama.   It is not because they are fiercely opposed to all of these nominees.  In fact, again and again, Democrats have turned around and voted for  the very same judges they delayed.   Just a couple of weeks ago in the Senate, we confirmed three district  court judges by huge bipartisan margins: 78 to 15, 80 to 14, and 85 to  10. Clearly, these were not nominees that Democrats bitterly opposed.  Yet Democrats insisted on the same old delaying cloture vote tactic  they have used with so many judicial nominees.   I, too, am frustrated that we have had to spend a lot of time on  judges. I  [[Page S5094]]  miss the days when uncontroversial nominees regularly passed without  cloture votes, but if my Democratic colleagues are going to insist on  delaying the vast majority of nominations, we are going to have to keep  spending time on judges because, let's remember, we are not doing these  nominations for fun. This is part of our job. We are working to fill a  substantial number of vacancies on the Federal bench.   Despite the Senate's efforts, the vacancy rate currently stands at  13.8 percent--higher than the rates faced by President Obama, President  George W. Bush, and President Clinton at this point in their first  terms.   Vacancies on the Federal bench have consequences. Primarily, they  result in long waits to get cases heard, which serves nobody.   It would be nice if my colleagues across the aisle would abandon  their delaying tactics on noncontroversial nominees and speed up the  process of filling these vacancies, but, regardless, Republicans will  continue moving forward with judicial nominees.   I am very proud of the judges we are confirming. We are putting  excellent Federal judges on the bench who are committed to upholding  the law. That sounds like a pretty obvious requirement for a judge--a  commitment to upholding the law--but too often it seems like many on  the left would prefer activist judges who act as superlegislators,  rewriting laws they disagree with when the law doesn't reach a result  that fits with Democrats' political opinions. Those kinds of judges-- judges who move beyond the law when the law doesn't line up with their  political agenda--are not a good thing for anybody.   Sure, it might seem nice when an activist judge who shares your  political opinions reaches outside the plain meaning of the statute and  rules for your preferred outcome, but what happens when that same judge  reaches beyond the law to your detriment? What protections do you have  if the law is no longer the highest authority? The answer is none. You  don't have any protection because at that point the judge, not the law,  has become the supreme authority, and you are at the mercy of his or  her personal opinions.   Security, justice, equality under law, these principles can only be  maintained as long as we have judges who are committed to upholding the  law as it is written and not as they would like it to be.   If we have bad laws, we can and should change them, but any changes  should be made by the people's elected representatives, as our  Constitution dictates. They should not be made by unelected judges.  Judges are meant to interpret the law, not make it. I am proud we have  been putting judges on the bench who will uphold the rule of law in  this country by interpreting the law as it is written, regardless of  their personal opinions.   As I said earlier, we confirmed two excellent judicial nominees this  week. Unfortunately, one ran into some Democratic opposition during the  confirmation process because he was Catholic. That is right.  Apparently, the fact that he takes his faith seriously enough--    Apparently, the fact that he takes his faith seriously  enough to participate in a Catholic charitable group, the Knights of  Columbus, is enough to make him suspect as a judge.   I had hoped we were done with Democrats' flirtation with religious  tests for public office when they questioned the fitness of Judge Amy  Coney Barrett because she takes her Catholic faith seriously, but  apparently Democrats think it is perfectly legitimate to suggest that  you can't be both a person of faith and a nominee for the U.S.  judiciary.   Let me just remind my colleagues what article VI of the Constitution  has to say about that. Article VI states: ``No religious test shall  ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under  the United States.'' I repeat: ``No religious test shall ever be  required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the  United States.''   It is deeply troubling that we have Democrats in the U.S. Senate  suggesting that religious faith disqualifies you from public office. If  Democrats are using their objections to these candidates' religious  faith as cover for the fact that Democrats don't want to confirm anyone  who doesn't share their most extreme political opinions, that is deeply  troubling too.   Religious freedom is a bedrock principle of this Nation. Our Founders  considered it so important that it is the very first freedom mentioned  in the Bill of Rights. By freedom of religion, they didn't mean it is  OK to pray or have religious beliefs if you do it quietly inside your  home; they meant freedom to practice your faith in the public square,  even if that means having different political opinions from Democrats.   I hope Judge Buescher is the last nominee who will have his fitness  for public office questioned simply because he chooses to live out his  faith. I was glad to vote to confirm him yesterday, and I look forward  to confirming more qualified judicial nominees in the near future.   I hope the Democrats will drop their delaying tactics and join us as  we work to fill these important vacancies on the Federal bench.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   