 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 598, the Georgia Support  Act. It is legislation I introduced with my colleague, Mr. Connolly.   Georgia has been a strong ally to the United States, and ensuring  their territorial sovereignty is essential to European security and  American interests.   Since the Russian invasion in 2008, Georgia has been embroiled in a  battle for its very right to exist due to Putin's flagrant aggression.  For over a decade, Russia has illegally occupied the Georgian parts of  Abkhazia and South Ossetia, which constitutes 20 percent of Georgia's  territory.   Putin has constructed military bases, erected border fences across  civilian farms, and restricted transit between the occupied regions and  Georgia. The subsequent occupation has displaced thousands of ethnic  Georgians. Those who refuse to leave their homes now face extreme human  rights abuses. Furthermore, Russia continues to meddle in Georgia's  political processes and seeks to sow discord and chaos among the  population.   Our legislation reaffirms U.S. support for Georgia's independence,  sovereignty, and territorial integrity, as well as the continued  development of democratic values in Georgia. It also pushes for an  increase in security assistance to Georgia, greater cybersecurity  cooperation between our nations, and an enhancement of Georgia's  ability to combat Russian disinformation campaigns.   Most importantly, this bill authorizes the President to impose  sanctions on those individuals responsible for human rights abuses in  those regions.   Passage of this legislation is an opportunity to show support for an  ally that has been one of the greatest contributors to the U.S. mission  in Afghanistan and one that has endured Putin's belligerence for over a  decade.   By deepening U.S.-Georgia security cooperation, we send a strong  message to Putin to think twice before interfering in Georgia again.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, again, I want to thank Mr. Connolly for his great work on  this. I want to thank the chairman for bringing it to the floor and for  his friendship and for the committees in this Congress that have  steadfast support for our Georgian allies.   This was mentioned earlier, and it is worth re-noting, Georgia pound  for pound has the strongest commitment to NATO and Afghanistan, and  they are not even full NATO members. So that tells you the kind of  people they are. They are a key strategic and democratic partner in a  tumultuous region, and increased U.S. support is a significant step  toward countering the global threat posed by Russia every day.   This bill passed in the 115th Congress in a bipartisan margin  overwhelmingly, so I urge my colleagues to support this legislation yet  again.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 552, which calls on  the government of the Russian Federation to release Paul Whelan, an  American citizen, from their custody or provide compelling evidence of  his alleged wrongdoing.   On December 28, 2018, Paul Whelan traveled to Moscow to attend a  friend's wedding when he was arrested on allegations of spying. Over  the past 10 months, Mr. Whelan has maintained his innocence as he  awaits trial, which is expected to start in January of 2020.   Mr. Whelan suffers from a chronically painful medical condition,  which requires surgery. Unfortunately, this surgery was scheduled for  shortly after his return from Moscow in January of 2019. Over the past  10 months, Mr. Whelan has been living in pain as he has declined to  have the surgery in Russia.   This bipartisan, bicameral resolution calls for the Russian  Federation to immediately release Paul Whelan from his unwarranted  detainment. Further, it calls for due process and unrestricted access  to consular services for Mr. Whelan.   I am proud to cosponsor this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to  join me in supporting it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no further speakers,  I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Mr. Whelan's family for continuing  to fight for his release and for bringing this matter to our attention.   He is a pawn. Russia quite clearly has a terrible track record of  taking care of people, whether it is bombing hospitals in Syria  intentionally or whether it is just abusing people in other parts of  the world--Venezuela--or imprisoning Americans. It is obviously their  track record.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my Democratic and Republican colleagues to  support this resolution. I thank the chairman for bringing it up, the  family for fighting, and everybody who spoke.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   