 Mr. President, I am here today to talk about climate  change and about our climate crisis.   Climate change is an existential threat to our country and the  planet. We know this because the world's leading scientists--the United  Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change--just made that very  warning last year. The U.N. report told us that we have very limited  time until we are past the point of no return and the most catastrophic  impacts of climate change are irreversible. Our own Federal scientists  across 13 Agencies also just warned in the ``National Climate  Assessment'' that the impacts of climate change are not in the future  but are happening in our communities right now. Here is what all 13  Federal Agencies said: ``Our efforts do not yet approach the scale  necessary to avoid substantial damages to the economy, environment, and  human health.''   These are Earth-shattering reports about the state of our Earth.  These are the doomsday reports about what will happen if we do not take  bold action.   The consequences of climate change will be dire: a tenfold increase  in ice-free summers in the Arctic, a 99-percent loss of coral reefs,  and a doubling of species lost around the world. In worst-case  scenarios in the Northeast, by the end of the century, both the  Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Logan Airport will be  underwater. Climate emissions are not slowing down. In 2018, greenhouse  gas emissions in the United States increased by 2.8 percent. We have a  denier-in-chief in the White House.   This week, Republicans in the Senate are poised to confirm a coal  lobbyist to be the head of the Environmental Protection Agency. It is  unbelievable that we will confirm a coal lobbyist to be the head of our  environment in our country. Andrew Wheeler's denial of the climate  crisis should in and of itself be disqualifying. His record as a coal  lobbyist should be disqualifying.   We should come together and reject Andrew Wheeler as the next head of  the Environmental Protection Agency. The impact of climate change on  ordinary families, on their health, on our Nation, on our security, and  on our future is too urgent.   The United Nations tells us that climate change is an existential  threat to the planet. It is the national security, health, economic,  and moral issue of our time--of all time. We have a responsibility to  act. We must be bold. We must be ambitious. That is why I have  introduced the Green New Deal resolution, because it lays out a  serious, bold, and aspirational set of goals  [[Page S1547]]  that meet the scale of the threat. It is a set of principles and not  prescriptions. It challenges this country to find solutions to this  problem.   The Green New Deal is a climate plan about net-zero emissions. The  Republican climate plan is in zero existence. They don't have a climate  plan. Republicans don't like the Green New Deal because they don't like  a functional government. Republicans don't like the Green New Deal  because they don't like climate science. Republicans don't like the  Green New Deal because their allies--the oil companies, the coal  companies, and the corporate polluters--don't like wind power or solar  power or all-electric vehicles or the millions of blue-collar jobs they  can create. We can save all of creation by engaging in massive blue- collar job creation in this country. Republicans don't like the Green  New Deal because clean energy is a direct threat to the interests and  the bottom line of Big Oil and King Coal.   The Green New Deal isn't just a socialist manifesto. It isn't pie in  the sky. It isn't a takeover. It isn't any of the misinformation and  distortions that Republicans and their fossil fuel allies have called  it. The Green New Deal isn't, as the Republican leader called it this  morning, ``the far left's Santa Claus wish list dressed up to look like  serious policy.'' If it were, then Republicans in this Chamber wouldn't  care enough about it to spend their entire morning remarks on it, and  the majority leader wouldn't be threatening to bring it to the floor  without any hearings, without any expert testimony, without any  amendments, and without any science.   Let's have the debate. Let's have the hearings. Let's bring in all  the experts. Let's let the U.N. testify. Let's let our own scientists  and every one of the Federal Agencies in America testify. Let's bring  in all of the corporate executives right now on wind, solar, all- electric vehicles, and storage batteries in our society. Bring them in.  Let's hear the stories. Instead, what we have is just an attempt to  short-circuit the debate.   They may not believe climate change is an existential threat to human  kind, but they are smart enough to know that the bold goals of the  Green New Deal are an existential threat to the Koch brothers and all  of their other corporate polluter and fossil fuel allies.   Let me just read some of what is in the Green New Deal that  Republicans are opposed to: securing for all people of the United  States for generations to come clean air and water, climate and  community resiliency, healthy food, access to nature, and a sustainable  environment.   Are Republicans opposed to access to nature? That is in the  resolution. Are Republicans opposed to clean air and water? That is in  the resolution too. Do you know what is not in the resolution? Ending  airline travel. Do you know what is not in the resolution? No more  cows.   Do you know what is not in the resolution? A prohibition on nuclear  energy or carbon capture and sequestration. The Green New Deal  resolution is bold, and it is aspirational in its principles, but it is  not prescriptive in its policies.   Let's look at some of what is actually in this resolution: to create  millions of good, high-wage jobs--I guess Republicans don't believe in  that; to invest in the infrastructure and industry of the United States  to sustainably meet the challenge of the 21st century--I guess  Republicans don't believe in that; guaranteeing universal access to  clean water, supporting family farming, cleaning up existing hazardous  waste and abandoned sites, ensuring economic development and  sustainability on those sites--I guess Republicans don't believe in  those either. Those are all part of the Green New Deal and climate  solutions.   We already know that Big Oil and King Coal and other fossil fuel  companies don't want to compete with clean energy because that is a  direct threat to their business plan.   Clean energy makes the air we breathe cleaner, it saves consumers  money, it makes us safer, and it creates jobs.   In his remarks, the Republican leader called the Green New Deal  ``foolish and dangerous.'' With all due respect to the leader and my  Republican colleagues, the only foolish and dangerous thing about the  Green New Deal is to ignore the $400 billion in damage to our country  over the last 2 years from supercharged storms and wildfires all over  California and all over the West.   To ignore the tens of trillions of dollars in damages we will see  from climate change in the United States by 2100 is something that  ultimately, from my perspective, is foolish and dangerous. An ounce of  prevention is better than a pound of cure. Ignoring what is happening,  ignoring the warnings from all of the top scientists in the world and  in the United States and continuing on the same pathway--that is  foolish, that is dangerous, and that is going to cost us tens of  trillions of dollars in damages that would have been otherwise avoided  if we unleashed a technology revolution in our country that would  create millions of new jobs.   It is also dangerous to send our men and women in the military  overseas to protect tankers of oil coming from the Middle East to the  United States. We are still bringing in oil from Saudi Arabia. We are  still bringing in oil from other countries in the Middle East. What if  we could dramatically increase the fuel economy in the vehicles we  drive? What if we could accelerate the pace to use all-electric  vehicles? Wouldn't it be great if we could say that the day arrived  when we never have to see another tanker of oil from the Middle East  coming into our country? Would that not make us safer? Would that not  give us better control of our own foreign policy and where we send  young men and women in uniform? I think it would.   I think it would be foolish and dangerous not to take that pathway.  The superstorms, the wildfires, the rising seas, and the other extreme  weather events--the impacts of climate change if we do not act boldly  to stop it--that isn't just dangerous; that is an existential threat.  That is what the world's scientists have called it.   The Green New Deal is dangerous for the status quo of doing nothing  on climate change. It is dangerous for the Koch brothers and those who  are used to killing off every climate debate before it gets a chance to  start. It is dangerous for those who want us to limp into a frightening  future with no plan and no protections in place. It is dangerous for  those who benefit from the continued devaluation of our workers, the  historic oppression of vulnerable communities, and from the continued  destruction of the environment. Those are the ones who would think the  Green New Deal is dangerous.   We want to support working families and support a safe climate future  where all communities are protected. We welcome a debate on proposals  for how to get there, but the science is clear as to where we need to  end up.   The Republicans may think that the Green New Deal is just a  resolution, but it is a revolution. It is a revolution. Young people  want a green energy revolution in our country. They know we can do  this. They know that all of these new technologies can be invented; all  of these new technologies can be deployed.   It is not just a resolution; it is a revolution. All across this  country, when the Republicans have refused to bring their climate plan  out there because theirs is a party of science denial--the President is  the ``Denier in Chief'' on climate science--then we are going to allow  this problem to worsen and worsen and worsen.   Do you know who should know best? Donald Trump, because within 30  years, according to the science, Mar-a-Lago is going to become Mar-a- Lagoon. It is right on the coast. It has already begun to happen. It is  just going to continue.   The President might be able to protect his property, but we are going  to lose tens of trillions of dollars for the properties of other  Americans because he decided that he was going to deny the warning that  the scientists have presented to us.   When I was a boy, lying on the rug, looking at President Kennedy on  the television, he challenged our country to send a mission to the Moon  and to return that mission safely to the United States within 10 years.   When he gave that speech at Rice University, he made very clear in  the speech that we would have to invent new metal alloys that did not  exist. We would have to invent new transmission systems that did not  exist, that we would have to return that mission safely from the Moon  through heat half the  [[Page S1548]]  intensity of the Sun. We would have to complete it within 10 years, and  we would have to do it not because it was easy but because it was hard.  We had to be bold.   Because the challenge from the Soviet Union was so great, the United  States did not have an option. Failure was not an option, and we  completed that mission.   Well, the same thing is true here for a Green New Deal. Failure is  not an option. The consequences will be catastrophic for our planet and  for the United States of America, and the solution is to unleash this  green energy job-creation engine. We now have 350,000 solar and wind  workers in the United States. It is up from almost nothing in 2008. It  has already happened over 10 years.   We had only 1,000 megawatts of solar in our country in 2008. We now  have 62,000 megawatts of solar.   We had only 25,000 megawatts of wind. We now have 98,000 megawatts of  wind.   We had only 2,000 all-electric vehicles in our country in 2008. We  now have a million, and between Tesla and all of the other companies,  they are going to sell 500,000 just this year in our country. They have  invented new metals. They have invented new battery systems. They have  invented new propulsion systems in order to solve those problems, but  we still have a long way to go.   It is imperative that we put the tax breaks for wind and solar, for  all electric vehicles, for batteries on the books and make them  permanent because this problem is going to be solved only if we can  convince the smartest young people in our country that all of the  incentives, all of the policies are there and that their country has  their back and wants them to solve the problem in the same way that our  whole country had the back of NASA in the 1960s. If we do that, we will  be successful. There is no question about it in my mind.   I am a technological optimist, and I hate the pessimism of the other  side. I hate this ``can't do'' mentality that they have, especially  given what has happened in the last 10 years in electric vehicles and  wind, solar, and storage technology breakthroughs. It is just really  sad to hear this.   I think, ultimately, something is rising up across this country.  Young people, especially, know it is time for the revolution. They know  it is time to close the door on this era where all we do is  indiscriminately use the atmosphere as a sewer for all of this carbon  and all of these greenhouse gases.   I am very confident that one way or another this body will start to  act or it is going to become one of the top two or three election  issues in 2020 because this generation knows that the planet is running  a fever. There are no emergency rooms on planets, and it is going to  take action in this body in order to put the policies in place, in  order to preserve this planet and hand it on better than we found it.   The challenge is great. The Green New Deal sets the framework for  laying out how serious the problem is and how bold the action has to be  to deal with that serious problem for our planet.   If we do it right, I think future generations will look back on ours  in the same way we now look back on President Kennedy and that  generation, and they will know that they discharged their historic  responsibility to our country and to the planet.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   