 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I started working on election security  with Senator Klobuchar in 2017. At the time, I served on the Senate  Intelligence Committee. We have worked together, from the beginning, to  make this a bipartisan--in fact, nonpartisan--issue. Elections are an  American event. They have partisan results, but the act of voting is an  American event, not a partisan event.   We had a hearing in the Rules Committee. We worked through the  process. We continue to get feedback. In fact, she and I worked  incredibly hard to be able to reach out to and have multiple meetings  with secretaries of State from all over the country to be able to hear  as much feedback as we could from the States, because elections are run  by States. Elections are not run by the Federal Government. Each State  runs their own election. Each county or precinct or parish has its own  structure for doing elections. In fact, one of the strengths of our  system is the diversity of how elections are actually done. So we had  to do a lot of work behind the scenes with all of these different  States, to meet with their leadership, to meet with Governors, and to  meet with as many groups as we possibly could to get it.    The basic goal from the beginning was to achieve a piece of  legislation that had a couple of features in it.   First, ensure timely information sharing between the Federal  Government, State, and local officials because we learned in 2016 it  was not timely information that was shared. The Federal Government had  visibility on what Russia was doing; the States and the precincts did  not. It took up to 14 months for the States to find out what the  Russians were doing. That can never happen again.   Second, we must expedite security clearances for the State and local  election officials. Again, we had this issue in 2016 when Federal  officials saw what was going on by the Russians but said that the State  individuals didn't have enough security clearance. So, instead, they  got a nebulous memo that said to watch out for these IP addresses, with  no explanation as to why. That can never happen again.   Third is a way to verify the results of our elections. That should be  straightforward. Every State, every precinct should be able to verify  that--to go back to the people in the area and say: This is how you  voted, and this is how we verified that the number is accurate, that  there aren't additional ballots showing up later that the machines  didn't count, that suddenly pop up from nowhere. There are no hanging  chads. There are no inconsistencies. So people can look and say: That  was done efficiently and professionally.   The administration is taking steps on the first two of these. In  fact, we had multiple hearings with DHS to talk about what they are  doing to get security clearances. Now every single State has  individuals within their State who have security clearances. Every  State has greater cooperation now with the Federal Government. Multiple  layers of cyber security have been offered to every single State so  that each State can use their own cyber protection or add an additional  layer from the Federal Government. It is up to that State to choose. It  is not a mandated piece that has come down on them. Almost every State  has taken that, though, and has said that they want those additional  layers of cyber protection because it is not just about the voting  machine or the piece of paper; it is how it is counted, how it is  presented, how the unofficial results go out in the States the night of  the election. All of those things matter.   DHS has leaned in, and they have done aggressive work on this in the  last several years. That is why the 2018 election went so smoothly. DHS  has done a tremendous amount of work already on this.   I have been clear, though, through this process that this cannot be a  way of federalizing elections and trying to run the elections or saying  that every piece of election equipment has to be run through some  bureaucracy here in DC, whatever it may be. This is a State  responsibility that the State has to take on. Right now, there is not a  way for the States that do not have an election system--pieces of  hardware for their elections--to change that hardware before 2020. The  first of our elections is not in November 2020; it is 8 months from  now, when our primaries begin. States cannot purchase the equipment,  put it into place, train the volunteers, and make that transition  before the 2020 election. So the emphasis is, what can we do to assist  States in cyber protection? What can we do to get information to them?  How can we run this?   In the days ahead, Senator Klobuchar and I completely agree that  every State should have a system with backup paper ballots--every State  and every precinct. Right now that is not so, but no matter how much  money we throw at the States right now, they could not make it so by  the 2020 Presidential election. It is not possible to get there.   In the 2018 omnibus, we added $380 million to go to the States. Not  all of that $380 million has even been spent yet. There is still quite  a bit of it that is banked. But that has all been allocated to the  States, and the States are deciding the best way to use that. In States  like mine--Oklahoma--we use optical scanners and paper ballots. That  money was used in my State to assist in cyber protection of the system,  the transition of the information, and how the unofficial results get  out to the public. It is a good way to use those funds to make sure any  threats are being mitigated.   My State, like 21 other States, was one of the States that the  Russians tried to engage in our election systems. They came to the  State election board in my State, tried to get into it, found out the  door was locked, and moved on to another State. They did not get into  our system. But there are other areas where we could protect it.   Of the $380 million we allocated just last year, much of it has not  even been spent. So I object to another $380 million on top of that  when the first part of it hasn't been spent yet, and it will not make a  difference in this year's election because the $380 million for last  year was really preparing for the 2020 elections.  [[Page S4481]]    Here is my concern long term. I don't want election security to  become a partisan issue. It would be easy for it to become that. H.R.  1, when it came out of the House, was clearly a very partisan bill.   I find myself at odds today with a partner in this, Senator  Klobuchar. We have worked together in a very nonpartisan way to resolve  this issue. I think we still can resolve this and we can actually get a  result, but a partisan proposal will not get us an end result in which  both parties come together and resolve this.   I reiterate again that election security should never be a partisan  issue. This is about the preservation of our democracy, and it is  something that all parties--Independents, Republicans, Democrats, and  all parties--agree should be a central issue.   Having stated all of that, begrudgingly, in this proposal because it  is not a bipartisan proposal--I look forward to working through it and  getting a bipartisan proposal done in the days ahead--I must object.   