 Mr. President, my story begins with my mom. My  mom had a very difficult life. She grew up with a verbally abusive,  alcoholic father. She married a physically abusive, alcoholic husband,  whom she divorced when I was born. At that time, divorce was frowned  upon. My birth father never gave my mom, my older brother, or me a  dime. I never met him.   My mom eventually married the man who became my adoptive father, a  busdriver who made all four combat jumps with the 82nd Airborne in  World War II. This summer, I had the opportunity to go to the D-Day  anniversary in Normandy and to look at the area he parachuted into,  where 17 percent of his company died.   He was a loving father, but with only a sixth-grade education and  five children, he struggled to support our family. We had no money and  lived in public housing, but even with all of those issues, I cannot  think of a better childhood.   Even with no money, my mom was optimistic and hopeful. She told us  that we were blessed because God and our Founders created the greatest  country ever, where anything was possible. I am not sure my mom ever  really had a plan for us, but she certainly knew what she was doing. We  sat through many sermons, and church was not optional. We were told we  had to make straight A's. We memorized the first part of the  Declaration of Independence and the 23rd Psalm. We became Eagle Scouts,  cleaned the house, and had to have a job. I started working at 7 years  old and haven't stopped since.   We weren't allowed to complain. Debt, Big Government, socialism, and  communism were bad. College was for a better paying job.   We were constantly lectured about the dangers of drug abuse.  Unfortunately, drugs have destroyed the life of one of my family  members.   I enlisted in the U.S. Navy at 18, where I swabbed the decks, cleaned  the latrines, served the mess decks, and took college courses aboard a  destroyer during the last years of Vietnam but never close to Vietnam.   I married my high school sweetheart at 19, and, today, Ann and I have  two daughters, six very perfect grandsons, and a seventh very perfect  grandchild on the way next year. My wonderful wife, Ann, is here today  and has been by my side every step of our journey.   While I didn't always appreciate my tough-love, my-way-or-the-highway  mom growing up, I now thank God every day for my mom and for this  country. She gave me the opportunity to experience every lesson this  country had to offer before I was 20.   Unfortunately, the left has worked hard over the last 50 years to  discredit the values of the America I was raised with--the values of  the America I want my grandsons to grow up with. We all acknowledge  that Americans, our country, and our institutions have flaws, but the  left has worked to discredit our Founders, our institutions, our  churches, our law enforcement, our morals, and almost everything my mom  taught me. It has been happening for a long time.   The left railed against our soldiers during the Vietnam war. They  call those still believing in a supreme being or the commitment of  marriage uninformed and old fashioned. They are now openly saying that  churches that hold traditional values should lose their tax-exempt  status.   The left doesn't care about our enormous debt, pushes for socialism,  and criticizes the Boy Scouts. The left thinks it is OK that our  schools don't teach about the Founding Fathers or free markets. They  want you to think America was never great.   To a degree, the pressure from the left is working. Americans under  30 are less interested in joining the military. Church attendance is at  an all-time low. Participation in the Boy Scouts, even after allowing  girls in, has shrunk. Many are choosing not to have families. And  Socialism, the single most discredited idea of the last century--an  idea that has led millions into poverty and tyranny around the globe-- has gained a foothold in one of our two political parties.   I spent most of my life in business. The values that my tough-love  mom instilled in me helped me to achieve the success she expected--not  just hoped for but expected--for me. I was able to live the American  dream because I worked hard. I lived out the values my mom taught me in  my business career--hard work and fiscal responsibility but with a  caring spirit to support those around me.   I built a healthcare company that had lower costs and better quality  of care than my competitors. We had the highest patient satisfaction  surveys in  [[Page S5816]]  the industry. I built and bought businesses for most of my life that  helped hundreds of thousands of people get good, high-paying jobs. Many  of them were failing businesses that we had to turn around to save  jobs.   My experience growing up in a family that struggled to get good jobs  influenced everything I have done in my life. It is not easy, and it  shouldn't be, but everyone--every single American--should have the  opportunity to struggle, work hard, and overcome the obstacles.   I took those exact same values to the Governor's office when I was  elected in 2010. Florida had been struggling, and 832,000 jobs had been  lost in the 4 years before I took office. Home prices were cut in half.  Debt was soaring. The State raised taxes on its poorest citizens by  more than $2 billion to fill a budget hole.   I always think about my mom. I think about how it impacted her when  food prices went up, taxes went up, when my brother got sick without  health insurance, and when my dad was laid off. I became a jobs  Governor. It wasn't a political talking point. It was about real  people.   I have traveled around the State highlighting new businesses that  opened in Florida, even small businesses. I remember a local legislator  asking me once why I wasted my time going to a small town in Florida to  highlight a new business's opening with just 30 new jobs. My response  was that my dad struggled to find any job, and that is 30 families who  have the opportunity to live the American Dream, and what could be more  important?   In 8 years, Florida added 1.7 million new jobs, we paid down almost  one-third of State debt, and we invested record funding in education,  the environment, and transportation.   I also tried to fight for the values that are being lost in this  country. I fight to protect life, to support the institution of the  family, to lift up our military members, veterans, and law enforcement,  to promote capitalism, and to defend the rule of law and the  Constitution.   These values are under attack from the left and have been for quite  some time. There is no easy solution to that problem, but one thing is  clear: Government is not the solution. Washington is not the solution.   In my short time in the U.S. Senate, I have promoted policies I  believe support the idea of an America where anything is possible. We  need lower taxes. We need less regulation. We need a secure border and  a sane immigration policy. We need to get healthcare costs under  control. We need to defend freedom and liberty all over the world. But  none of this will matter unless we see hearts and minds change. We need  a renewal in America of the values that made this country great. That  will not happen on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It will happen in the  living rooms, classrooms, churches, synagogues, and boardrooms.   We need to remember that hard work is a feature, not a bug, of this  American experiment and that the family unit is at the center of our  society, and the breakdown of the family has been hugely detrimental.  We need to remember that capitalism is the greatest force for economic  good in the history of the world and socialism belongs in the ash-heap  of history. We need to remember these things because our freedoms and  the country we love can be lost forever. The values that made America  great can go away, and there are those among us who want them to go  away.   This challenge is much bigger than politics, and the solution is not  political. It requires us--every one of us--to stand up and fight and  to say without reservation or fear that we will not give up on America  or the plans of our Founders. We will not stop fighting for our future.   If we want America to be great in the future, we must reject the  politically correct attempts to rewrite our history, and we must reject  the leftwing attempt to slander the greatness of our ideals. America  is, in fact, the greatest country in the history of the world, and we  should not be embarrassed to say so. We should proclaim it proudly.  America is the greatest country in the history of the world.   I fear the values that I grew up with--the ones my tough-love mom  taught me--are becoming a way of the past, but I believe these values,  these virtues can and should be part of our country's future.   I love it when my grandkids pray before eating, recite the Pledge of  Allegiance, ask to visit military museums, join the Boy Scouts, thank  police officers and soldiers for their service, and place their hand  over their heart when they hear the National Anthem. I hope they  memorize the Declaration of Independence and the 23rd Psalm, become  Eagle Scouts, have crummy-paying teenage jobs with unreasonable bosses,  and get benched in sports for not trying hard enough. Also, I pray they  consider a life of military service--one already wants to be a  paratrooper--and are lucky enough to marry a wonderful person and have  enough kids to worry about how to pay for college.   Maybe my grandkids will complain about parents being way too strict.  Maybe they will complain about demanding teachers and bosses not caring  what they think. Maybe they will complain about screaming drill  sergeants, difficult degrees, restrictive banks, and life not being  fair. If so, I will smile and say: ``That's great; America is back.''  Then, I will know my grandsons have the opportunity to do something  worthwhile with their lives, like build a loving family, successful  career, thriving community, better country, and better world.   In the meantime, I will keep fighting. I ran for public office to  fight for the country I was raised in because that is the country our  children and our grandchildren deserve. They deserve what my mom gave  me--a free country with unlimited potential for every citizen. I hope  everyone will join me in this fight.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   