 Mr. President, at the risk of sounding like the mutual  admiration society, let me express my appreciation to the Senator from  North Carolina, who gave an outstanding presentation, talking about the  crisis that exists at our southern border. I really can't improve on  it, but I will try.   Fortunately, Senator Tillis is one of those rare Senators who  actually has traveled down to the border at my invitation. As he said,  he rode horseback as we tried to find our way through the carrizo cane,  which obscures visibility for the Border Patrol, and he saw it for  himself. I appreciate his bringing the benefit of that experience here  to the floor and adding to this important debate.   I was struck by a hashtag I saw being used in the House of  Representatives. It is ``FakeEmergency''--hashtag ``FakeEmergency.''   Well, let's mention two sets of parents. For the 7- and 8-year-old  boy and girl who recently died in CBP custody at the border who made  their way from Guatemala, I don't think this is a fake emergency for  them. As Customs and Border Protection Commissioner McAleenan said,  many of these immigrants who come all the way from countries like  Guatemala suffer from exposure, including dehydration. Many of them are  physically or sexually assaulted. Then, there is the danger of  infectious diseases, because many have not been vaccinated for common  childhood diseases that American citizens would be protected from.   Unfortunately, they are a commodity to the criminal organizations  that transport people for roughly $5,000 per person. The cartels--the  criminal organizations--are commodity agnostic. They will just as soon  usher a migrant from Central America up here who wants to join a family  member and perhaps find a job. They will just as soon charge somebody  who will ultimately be trafficked and become the victim of modern-day  slavery, involuntary servitude, or sex slavery, or they will be happy  to move drugs, heroin, methamphetamine, cocaine, marijuana--you name  it. In fact, 90 percent of the heroin that comes into the United States  comes from Mexico, and of the 70,000-plus Americans who died from drug  overdoses just last year, according to the Centers for Disease Control,  a substantial portion was from the opioids. In other words, that came  from Mexico--whether they be pills, fentanyl, or heroin, which is  perhaps the cheapest form of opioid.   The Senator from North Carolina and I serve on the Judiciary  Committee, and we heard at length from the Commissioner McAleenan of  Customs and Border Protection. The picture he painted was pretty bleak,  but it bears repetition. Unfortunately, around here it is hard to know  when people are listening. Sometimes you have to say the same thing  over and over and over before it begins to penetrate people's  consciousness. But this is important. So we need to emphasize this.   Many migrants make this arduous journey for days, weeks, or sometimes  for months, traveling without food or water. When they arrive, they are  often sick and require extensive medical treatment. Of course, there  is, as I indicated a moment ago, the horrific stories of physical and  sexual abuse. The percentage of women and girls who are sexually abused  en route from their homes in Central America is revolting, to use a  word.   The Border Patrol spends a vast amount of their time dealing with the  human needs of children. In other words, these are law enforcement  officers who are basically trying to supply diapers and juice boxes to  children who are coming with their families and overwhelming our  capacity at the border. While the cartels exploit the fact that the  Border Patrol is tied up with this sort of processing of asylum  seekers, the drugs come into the country. That is part of the cartel's  plan. They have studied our laws. They know where there are gaps in  coverage. They know what they can do to distract law enforcement  officers so that drugs and human trafficking can get through the  border.   Despite all of this and despite the facts that the Senator from North  Carolina detailed, we still hear our friends on the other side refusing  to engage or offer any solutions whatsoever. As a matter of fact, one  of our colleagues on the Judiciary Committee yesterday said: We need to  preserve the two things that are the biggest obstacles to getting to a  solution. We need to preserve those. In essence, what she was saying is  that we need the Border Patrol not to secure our border. We need the  Border Patrol to just wave people on through, like a traffic cop. As  long as we have these gaps in our asylum laws where we treat people  from noncontiguous countries differently than we do from Mexico or  Canada and as long as they can wait for years before their asylum claim  can be finally adjudicated by an immigration judge, the criminal  organizations are winning. They have won because they can successfully  place a person in the United States, notwithstanding our laws, by  overwhelming our resources at the border and in our interior.   I have talked about the need to increase border security many times  on the floor, and I know I risk sounding like a broken record, but as  long as we have people in the other body sending out hashtags on social  media calling this a fake emergency--when President Obama himself, in  2014, called this a humanitarian crisis--it is going to be necessary, I  am afraid, to keep telling the story and talk about what is necessary  in order to bring security to our southwest border.   My State has 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico. Our  relationship with Mexico is very important because they are one of our  main trading partners. There are a lot of good and important things  that come back and forth across the border in terms of people legally  visiting the United States and in terms of commerce and trade. I have  seen one estimate that about 5 million American jobs depend on trade  with Mexico. It is not just Texas, either. But the toll that the  current status of our immigration laws has on the lives of immigrants  crossing our border is real, and the strain it puts on our ability to  engage in legitimate trade and commerce to flow freely through our  ports is real as well. All of these need to be addressed and without  delay.   Let me talk a little bit about the records that have been broken. We  saw last month alone that 76,000 people illegally crossed the border  and were apprehended by U.S. Customs and the Border Patrol--76,000  people. According to the Commissioner, we are on track to see 600,000  to maybe 650,000 during the next calendar year. This is an 11-year high  and averages more than 2,000 people a day. This is not a record we want  to be proud of.   We have seen a growing number of family units. The reason why the  cartels and criminal organizations bring family units is because they  know what our law requires in terms of separating the children from the  adults and then placing the children with a sponsor in the United  States, only to have them raise their asylum claim in front of an  immigration judge years hence. As I said, many simply don't show up for  that, and so game over.   We have seen a growing number of family units coming across the  border, a 338-percent increase in 2018. The cartels have studied our  laws. They are advertising down in Central America, saying: If you want  to come to the United States, all you have to do is come as a family  unit. We have studied American law, we know where the gaps are, and we  are going to exploit them.   Already Border Patrol has apprehended more family units than in all  of 2018, and the border regions of Texas are feeling the strain. Our  local officials--the mayors, the county judge--and our medical  facilities are just not designed for this massive influx of humanity.  In the Rio Grande Valley, family unit apprehensions have increased 209  percent since this time last year. Here is a staggering figure: In El  Paso, TX, it is a 1,689-percent increase.   As Secretary Nielsen said yesterday, testifying in front of the  House, our border is at the breaking point. Our capacity to deal with  this influx of humanity is creating a genuine crisis. These are not  just percentage points or numbers; they illustrate the human  [[Page S1725]]  misery and the challenges of the dedicated law enforcement personnel  along the border and also the folks who work trying to deal with the  children, whether it is providing them medical care or trying to find  them a safe place to live in the United States. This is not a  manufactured crisis. This is a real crisis.   In a normal political environment, these numbers would raise the  alarm bells, and we would take action--we would actually do something  about it--but we aren't operating in a normal political climate, to be  sure.   Back in 2006 and 2008, Republicans and Democrats voted on something  called the Secure Fence Act. It wasn't particularly partisan or  political. This year, the Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, called  physical barriers ``immoral.'' The Democratic leader of the Senate, the  Senator from New York, said not one penny was going to be appropriated  for any physical barriers along the border.   For those who would argue this is a fake crisis, I would ask them to  check with the Texans who live across the border and deal with this  every day.   I recently got an email from a friend of mine who has a ranch outside  of San Antonio, my hometown. He said he and his wife basically have to  arm themselves, and they have to take precautions against people coming  across their land because they don't know whether it is going to be  some hungry migrant who is just simply looking to find their way to San  Antonio or to Houston and then north or whether it is going to be  people wearing backpacks carrying fentanyl and heroin. They just don't  know, so they have to prepare. They basically have to lock their doors,  and they are captives in their own house.   So what has changed since we talked about this back in 2006? What has  changed?   My question is more of a rhetorical one because we know Democrats  will stop at nothing to prevent President Trump from delivering on his  promise to provide border security, even if it means turning their  backs on something they have historically supported.   As you might imagine, I have made a point to spend a lot of time in  communities along the border. I have talked to the experts--our Border  Patrol agents, sheriffs, mayors, landowners, and countless others--on  how to best deal with this security and humanitarian crisis. These are  the people who know best. They are the experts. They know how best to  secure the border.   They will be the first to tell you that when it comes to border  security, one size does not fit all. I have mentioned before my friend  Judge Eddie Trevino from Cameron County. I was in a meeting with  Senator Cruz--my colleague from Texas--local stakeholders, elected  officials, along with Customs and Border Protection and Border Patrol.  What Judge Trevino told us then was: Look, if it is the experts, the  Border Patrol agents, telling us what we need, we are all in, but if it  is people from Washington, DC, trying to micromanage the border, who  don't know anything about it, then count us as skeptical.   What we have heard from the experts is that border security is a  combination of three things: barriers in hard-to-control places,  people, and technology.   While a physical barrier may work best in an urban or high-traffic  area, it doesn't make any sense in places like Big Bend National Park.  Anybody who has been out west to Texas knows the cliffs over the Rio  Grande River, in parts, can rise to 30 feet. It doesn't make much sense  to put a physical barrier there.   The determination of what is needed and where it is needed should not  be a top-down Federal mandate. It should come from the experts who know  the threats and the challenges along every mile of the border and whom  we entrust on a daily basis to secure it.   We should continue to listen to our vibrant border communities, which  are the economic engine of the region, and ensure that we can maintain  the flow of legitimate trade and travel also through these areas.   Implementing a solution that would allow our law enforcement experts  to work with the Federal Government on the right combination of  technology, people, and physical barriers is what we ought to be  focusing our attention on.   I would add just a footnote to that on dealing with this problem of  people abusing our laws on asylum. Again, the cartels have figured this  out. I have worked with my friend Henry Cuellar, who is perhaps one of  the last remaining Blue Dog Democrats in the House of Representatives.  He represents Laredo, TX. We actually introduced a bill called the  HUMANE Act, which would establish parity of treatment of immigrants  coming from noncontiguous countries like Central America.  Unfortunately, we weren't able to get that passed.   We could fix this pretty quickly, but it requires our Democratic  friends to drop their Trump derangement syndrome and come to the  negotiating table in support of something they have historically been  for during this time of need.   The crisis is staring us in the face, and it demands action. I can  only hope our colleagues across the aisle will answer that call.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   