 Madam President, I will bet Senator Isakson is a  little bit surprised that his farewell address would produce such an  eruption of bipartisan speeches, both in the luncheon we just had for  nearly 100 Senators--almost everybody was there, Democrats and  Republicans--and then the 50 or so Senators who are going to speak on  the floor.   As I listened carefully to Senator Isakson's own remarks about  bipartisanship, it kind of reminded me of the preacher on Sunday  talking to the congregation saying: I am not so worried about what you  do during this 1 hour during church. It is what you do between now and  the next Sunday during the 1 hour in church.   I think what Johnny Isakson is saying is that the speeches about  bipartisanship are honorable and good, but what he would like to  suggest to us is that what we need to do is have a little bit better  behavior, follow those speeches a little bit better between now and the  next time we have a group of speeches.   Johnny learned a long time ago that if all you want to do is take a  position or make a speech, you don't need to go to all the trouble to  come to the U.S. Senate. You can get a radio program or get a street  corner. If you want to come to the U.S. Senate, you are supposed to get  something done.   I like to say to our constituents in Tennessee that I encourage them  to look at Washington, DC, as if it were a split-screen television set.  On the one side, you see where most people are watching. You see  impeachment, tweets, and Supreme Court controversies. On the other  side, where very few probably watch, you see Senators like Johnny  Isakson working to pass an opioids bill or Senators working to pay  songwriters a fair amount for what they do or Appropriations members  working to set a record, as Senator Blunt and Senator Murray have, for  example, in terms of funding for biomedical research. All of that is on  the side of the television screen where Johnny Isakson has spent most  of his 15 years.   Senator Murray of Washington, during her remarks, talked very  accurately about what happened in 2015 when we were working on fixing  No Child Left Behind. That was not easy to do. Working on legislation  to try to set rules for elementary and secondary education is like  being at a University of Tennessee football game, where you have  100,000 people in the stands, all of whom know what the next play ought  to be, and when the coach doesn't call it, they have an opinion about  that.   Well, everybody has had a little education, and so they had a lot to  say about how we would fix No Child Left Behind. Finally, we just  ground to a halt over preschool education and what the Federal role  ought to be. Senator Murray felt very strongly about it. As she said,  she is a former kindergarten teacher. So I stepped back and said: Why  don't you and Senator Isakson sit down and see if you can come up with  a solution, and if you do, we will take that.   They did. They presented it to us. We took it. It went in the bill,  and President Obama signed the law called No Child Left Behind and  called it a Christmas miracle.   The same thing happened on the Workforce Investment Act. Again,  Senator Murray and Senator Isakson sat down and worked together to  solve a problem that the rest of us couldn't solve.   Senator Reed, who just spoke, worked with Johnny on sunscreen;  Senator Tester worked with Johnny to make it easier for veterans to get  care nearer their home; Senator Casey from Pennsylvania--all these  Democrats--working with Senator Isakson on the most important piece of  legislation to govern the sale of over-the-counter drugs, which I hope  the Senate will adopt either this week or next week.   All of that was done not because these Senators gave up their  principles or not because they were not good negotiators. I think  Johnny would say Senator Murray is as tough a negotiator you will find  in the U.S. Senate. But the difference is they also understood that we  are here to get results--not just to take a position, not just to make  a speech, but to see if we can get a result.   That is why Senator Isakson has had so many Senators praise him  today, because he understands that it is hard to get here, it is hard  to stay here, and while you are here, you might as well try to  accomplish something for the country. Johnny Isakson knows it is hard  to get here. He started in 1974. He lost his first race. Then he was on  the ballot 20 times. He won 18 of those times. He knows it is hard to  stay here. A year before he ran for reelection this last time, he  announced that he has Parkinson's disease.   Johnny Isakson has legislated, as has been mentioned, with his heart.  When we worked on skin cancer, he talked about his skin cancer. When we  worked on the Opioids Response Act, he talked about his family's loss  because of an opioid overdose. And he has not been afraid to stick his  neck out. There was a time during the Atlanta Olympics when one of the  county commissions passed a bill saying: Gays are not welcome at the  Olympics. Senator Isakson said--he was not a Senator then--``The Bill  of Rights does not have an asterisk in it. The Bill of Rights is for  everyone.''   And as his comments about   John Lewis would reflect, Johnny Isakson  was willing to speak out for civil rights in the South when not  everybody was.   I often think that members of the U.S. Senate are generally men and  women who once sat in the front row of their first grade class with  their hand up, hoping that the teacher would call on them. These are  not a reticent bunch of men and women, and I am sure Johnny Isakson sat  on the front row of his first grade class. But I am also sure that he  raised his hand and he conducted himself and caused all of his  classmates to like him and admire him and elect him as their leader,  because that has happened all throughout his life.   The luncheon we had today was an extraordinary event, a bipartisan  occasion. I do not remember anything like it in my time here, just to  honor a retiring member of the Senate. And as someone said, listening  to the speeches by the handful of Democrats and Republicans who spoke,  you would not have known which party Johnny Isakson came from.   Our love for Johnny is great, but his greater legacy is something  else. What is more important is that he, by his example, has reminded  us why we are here, reminded us that if you are a U.S. Senator, it is  hard to get here, it is hard to stay here, and while you are here, you  might as well try to accomplish something good for the country.   That is Johnny Isakson's legacy, and that is something we should be  grateful for and remember.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   