 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I know it has been a long evening and  we have several hours in front of us, so I will try to be brief.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to provide funding for  the expansion of the National Survey of Child and Adolescent Well-Being  to include data collection on the child victims of parental substance  abuse, especially those of the opioid epidemic.   As this epidemic continues, Madam Chair, the child welfare system  across the country is being overwhelmed. That is the report that we are  getting. They are just absolutely being overwhelmed.   In my home State of North Carolina, foster care placements have been  on the rise. In 2016, over 5,600 children were placed in foster care,  and in 38 percent of infant placements, parental substance abuse was a  factor. As my colleagues unfortunately know, similar increases have  occurred all across the country.   The NSCAW is the only national survey that provides longitudinal data  on children who have been involved in State child protective services  programs. It helps examine the current characteristics and needs of  children and families involved with child protective services and helps  to examine efforts to improve child and family well-being. However, it  does not gather detailed information about the unique service needs of  child victims of the opioid epidemic, their parents, their caregivers,  or their child welfare professionals.   This amendment will help fill this information gap by providing  funding to expand data collection for those child victims of parental  substance abuse, positioning the NSCAW to be the source for critical  information on the impacts and the needs of child victims of the opioid  epidemic.   My amendment will fill the holes that currently exist in our data  collection for these children and enable us to fully understand the  critical service needs of these children. This data will empower  caseworkers and child welfare agency administrators to provide the best  services and supports for these children and their families.   Our communities are suffering. All of my colleagues know that. Our  communities are suffering from substance abuse and the opioid crisis,  especially children, who are the most vulnerable in these communities.  We must have the necessary information needed to better understand the  full impact these children and their families are experiencing in order  to provide for their needs. I think all of us on both sides of the  aisle, hopefully, can agree on this.   I want to thank the chair of the subcommittee for her friendship and  her support for this, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to support  this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut  (Ms. DeLauro), the chairwoman of the subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for her passion  and her leadership and her support for this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   