 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Greetings, my relative, in Lakota is ``How mitakuye.''   I am honored to join the chairman, my colleague from Arizona, to  usher this important legislation through the House after its passage  through the Senate.   Now, South Dakota and Arizona both have rich Native American history  and culture, and we are here tonight to celebrate, to cherish, and,  yes, to sustain that culture.   The Esther Martinez Native American Languages Programs  Reauthorization Act was introduced in 2006 by my friend Heather Wilson,  who was a Congresswoman from New Mexico before she moved to South  Dakota. This reauthorization of her bill will empower  [[Page H9379]]  Native American Tribes to continue teaching languages like Lakota and  Dakota to future generations.   Let there be no mistake. There is pressing need for this work. Fewer  than 1 percent of Lakota and Dakota Native Americans are fluent in  either of those languages. That means there are just 2,000 Lakota and  Dakota fluent speakers in the world. We are losing those speakers too  quickly because of old age, and their ranks have declined by 65 percent  in the last 15 years.   Unfortunately, it is not just Lakota and Dakota that are threatened.  There are 175 Native languages spoken in this country today, and there  are estimates that, 30 years from now, fewer than 20 will be spoken.   Why does this matter? Why do we care? Why are we gathered here  tonight for such a just cause?   It is because, Mr. Speaker, as we all know, language is the lifeblood  of culture. Language opens a doorway for all of us, a doorway into  understanding of peoples, into understanding their past, and maybe,  most interestingly, understanding their future. That is powerful  insight.   Now, for example, Lakota-speaking Native Americans may say,  ``mitakuye oyasin,'' which means, we are all related. But this, to me,  is the most fascinating part about this, Mr. Speaker, you wouldn't just  say that when you are around people with whom you are related. You  would say that in a broader group of people, to demonstrate an  interconnectedness, part of a larger family, that we have similar  values and dreams and fears; there is a human condition.   Now, English doesn't quite have a phrase like that. The fact that  Lakota does tells us a lot about the Lakota people.   This program, these dollars, are having an impact in Indian Country.  For years, Lakota was, along with dozens of other Native languages,  designated as ``severely threatened.'' Its status was recently changed  to a ``reawakening language.''   That is an acknowledgment that projects funded by this program,  projects that are working today in communities in South Dakota like  Eagle Butte and Porcupine, are making a difference.   So, Mr. Speaker, I would say thank you, ``pilamaye yelo.''   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, for 46 years, the 120,000  Alaskan Natives in our country have had a champion working for them,  fighting for them, advocating for them. He is the dean of this House  and the former chairman of the Indian Affairs Subcommittee.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Alaska (Mr. Young.)   (Mr. YOUNG asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   We are not here in this body to reauthorize feel-good programs. We  are gathered here tonight not to reauthorize a feel-good program but to  authorize a program that works, that makes a difference.   The evidence is clear. Students who participate in these programs,  they do learn language skills. They also are more likely to graduate  high school. They are more likely to have high academic achievement.  They are more likely to be successful in their communities. That is  what the data tells us. We cannot let up now.   These programs are working in a variety of States and a variety of  communities. If we want a robust and healthy Native American culture in  this country, we need to have a healthy and robust Native American  language environment in this country. The Esther Martinez Native  American Language Preservation Act is important, a critical component  of that framework, of that environment.   I ask my colleagues, I beseech them tonight, to reauthorize this  program that is doing so much good throughout our country. I urge a  ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.   