 Madam President I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the past few weeks, the House of  Representatives has continued to hear testimony as part of its  impeachment inquiry, which stems from allegations that President Trump  pressured a foreign leader to investigate a domestic political rival.  These allegations were deemed ``credible'' and an ``urgent concern'' by  the inspector general of the intelligence community, who is a Trump  appointee. That is how this all started, not with some Democrat  stirring the pot but with a Trump appointee, a very well-respected man,  saying that these allegations were credible and urgent.   The public record--the public record--shows that the White House  delayed more than $391 million in crucial security assistance to  Ukraine to help the country stave off Russian aggression. In a  memorandum of the President's phone call with Ukrainian President  Zelensky, released by the White House itself, the President requested  Ukraine undertake investigations that would benefit him politically.   Only a few days ago, as we all know, the Chief of Staff to the  President, Mick Mulvaney, admitted publicly that the administration  held up security assistance for the same political reasons. Mr.  Mulvaney, of course, later attempted to retract his comments, but his  original statements were quite clear, and I would say that anyone who  is not biased believed the original.   The White House continues to claim that fighting corruption in  Ukraine was its only intent, but that is belied by the fact that it has  proposed massive cuts to the State Department's budget to fight  corruption around the world. On the one hand they say we  [[Page S6137]]  want Ukraine to fight corruption, and, on the other hand, they cut in  the budget huge amounts of money aimed at fighting corruption.   No one believes the President these days on so many things, but this  issue is pretty clear. If you believe in fighting corruption, you don't  cut the funds to fight corruption and at the same time pick out one  country.   The facts are part of the public record. They are deeply troubling,  and they come before Ambassador Taylor's testimony this week. By all  accounts, Mr. Taylor's testimony was explosive and undeniably credible,  detailing a pattern of activity that corroborated the account provided  by the whistleblower--this time from a career diplomat, a West Point  graduate who has served every administration, Democrat and Republican,  since 1985.   Taylor is the kind of person Americans admire--down the road,  nonpolitical, served the country, West Point, served Democrat and  Republican administrations ably well. But all of a sudden, of course,  he is an anathema because he spoke truth to power. President Trump  doesn't like that, and our Republican friends who cower before  President Trump don't like it, but Americans know what is going on.   Mr. Taylor's written statement referred to additional documentation  for the events he described in his testimony, notes and memos that are  in the custody of the State Department. These records are part of a  broader set of documents that is under subpoena by the House of  Representatives, which the State Department is refusing to turn over to  Congress. Yesterday, the House issued a new request for Mr. Taylor's  documents.   What is it, Trump administration? What is it, Republicans? On the one  hand, you say you want everything to be public when it comes to the  hearings, but you will not give up any documents. Pompeo will not come  and testify. Again, the hypocrisy, the self-serving nature of the  President's statements and his Republican allies' here in the House and  Senate are glaring: We don't want any sunlight when it comes to  documents, when it comes to even bringing Secretary Pompeo here. But  all of a sudden, because they don't like what is being heard in the  hearings, we need everything public.   Well, one way or the other, I would like to see everything public-- these documents--and the House has said that they will have public  testimony. But the hypocrisy of our Republican friends and of the  President is glaring on these issues.   Secretary of State Mike Pompeo--usually very eager to state what he  thinks boldly, he is ducking, he is running. He hasn't explained this  brazen disregard for the law and defiance of congressional oversight.  Where is Secretary Pompeo? The pattern of Presidential misconduct  alleged in the whistleblower complaint runs straight through his  Department. It concerns the most sensitive diplomatic interests of the  United States, our national security, and the potential corruption of  foreign policy. Where is Representative Pompeo?   We know people have disagreed and had the guts to disagree with the  President. General Mattis is at the top of the list. We heard from  Brett McGurk yesterday. He is there. Probably John Bolton is, too, even  though I don't agree with his views on a whole lot of stuff. We all  know that Representative Pompeo, when he was in the House, would be  incensed with this defiance of congressional prerogatives. When he ran  the Benghazi hearings--many believe extremely unfairly, in a partisan  and biased way--he wanted everything to come out. Now he is ducking.  Now he is hiding. We need Representative Pompeo back here, the one who  said things should be made public, when it was a different  administration.   To make matters worse, not only is Secretary Pompeo ducking, but  maybe he is complicit in all of this, because his name has surfaced on  multiple occasions in the tale of the administration's very  questionable dealings with Ukraine. For instance, Ambassador Taylor's  written statement indicates that on August 29, at the suggestion of  National Security Advisor John Bolton, Mr. Taylor sent a first-person  cable directly to Secretary Pompeo relaying his concerns about the  delay in security aid. The State Department's stonewalling creates the  appearance that the Secretary is covering up not only for the President  but also for himself.   Without question, the State Department documents described by Mr.  Taylor must be provided to Congress and the stonewalling of Congress  must end. Secretary Pompeo must explain himself. He has too many  questions to answer about events that concern his Department, his  subordinates, and his actions. If he has any--any--regard for his own  reputation, he would do these things.   Ideally, all Members of the House and Senate would agree on the need  for Congress to see the full records here, but yesterday, as we know, a  rump group of House Republicans stormed the secure facility in the  Capitol--many with their cell phones in hand, even though that is  against the rules--in an attempt to highlight the purported secrecy of  the process. Some Representatives reportedly asked--let me repeat:  asked--to be arrested.   It was an obvious and outrageous breach of House rules and of the  security measures that exist to protect sensitive information from our  adversaries, even more so because it was so transparently a stunt--a  puerile, childish stunt. It is not the kind of thing that the House of  Representatives--any Member of the House of Representatives--should  stand for. The hypocrisy of those who stormed the Chamber is glaring.  According to the reports, more than one-third of the House Republicans  who stormed the SCIF--the closed-off place that is secured--are Members  who were already allowed in the closed hearings. They are allowed to  ask questions of witnesses and participate in the factfinding. They  know as well as I do that there will be public hearings in the future  once the evidence is gathered.   This is not about process; this is a diversion. That is certain. This  is because House Republicans do not like the facts and want to suppress  them. That is the reason they are storming, trying to create this  childish, infantile fuss. They don't want to open up the process; they  want to shut it down.   If the White House and its congressional allies truly wanted an open  and transparent process, the White House would provide the documents  Congress requested. It wouldn't defy subpoenas. It wouldn't forbid  executive branch employees from testifying. You can't just flip a  switch--one day, suppress evidence, and the next, argue for a  transparent and open process. The hypocrisy, the self-interested  dealing, is self-evident.   Rather than stomp their feet in a fit of staged political theater,  House Republicans--all Republicans--should join us in getting all the  facts. That is what we ask for in this Chamber. We are not prejudging  the facts. We may be a jury, but we want the facts to come out, not  some but all. That is our responsibility, to get the facts out, all of  us. Matters as grave as the ones that form the basis of the House  impeachment inquiry require us to put country over party. That is what  Democrats will do. That is what Republicans must do as well.   All the facts must come out. Those who are attempting to obstruct  this factfinding inquiry may regret the day they said all they want to  do is open up the process. Our Republican friends may get what they  wished for--all the facts coming out. They will regret it because, at  least from reports, the facts are very troubling.   