 Mr. Speaker, I started, like many folks did, working when  I was a young man. People have different reasons for seeking  employment. I needed to get out of the house, as some things were  happening at the house, but I didn't have any skills.   I rode my bike to a nearby farm, and I picked fruit. I didn't make  minimum wage because I couldn't pick fruit fast enough, because I  didn't have the skills to do that when I was 13 years old, but I  learned to show up on time with a good attitude. That is a valuable  thing. That is where we start out.   That job wouldn't have been available if this minimum wage of $15,  enacted from the Federal level, would have forced that employer to make  a choice whether they hired me or hired somebody else. I didn't want to  make the minimum wage. I wanted to make the maximum wage, but I had to  have some skills.   The next job I got still wasn't minimum wage, but I worked hard. Now,  I had the skill of showing up on time with a good attitude. I kept on  doing better and better and better for myself because the jobs were  available.   Mr. Speaker, if this legislation is enacted, young people and people  at the bottom of the economic spectrum that we are trying to help are  not going to have that opportunity. That is what this is really about  in America, having opportunity.   A minimum wage requirement from the Federal level doesn't draw any  distinctions between Los Angeles and Gratz, Pennsylvania, a great  little town that I am privileged to represent. It doesn't draw a  distinction between Chicago or Shiremanstown. It says they all have to  do the same thing. Dover or New York, all the same wage, really.   I don't have tall skyscrapers in central Pennsylvania like they do in  New York City, Chicago, and L.A., but I have hardworking people who  want the opportunity that is provided by the market.   There are 7.5 million jobs open right now. The market is providing  the wages to incentivize people to come to them, and they have an  opportunity to go to another job and make even more under the free  market.   The Federal Government is going to stifle that with this $15 an hour  minimum wage.   Mr. Speaker, I urge us not to vote for this bill.   