 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I am proud to join my good friend and  fellow  [[Page H5890]]  former CIA officer, the gentlewoman from the Commonwealth of Virginia,  to offer this bipartisan amendment that would direct the intelligence  community to prioritize resources to address the humanitarian crisis at  the border, in the Northern Triangle, and also in Mexico.   I represent more of the southern border than any other Member of  Congress. The root causes of this current crisis are violence, extreme  poverty, and lack of economic opportunity in the Northern Triangle--El  Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras.   Drug cartels, human traffickers, and human smugglers are making this  crisis worse and putting innocent lives at risk. They profit while  people in Central America suffer and entire nations are destabilized.   Our intelligence community is not maximizing the use of our  intelligence to deny and disrupt these operations.   In June, we all know that 104,000 people were detained at our border.  Almost every one of them had a phone number of a smuggler, a license  plate of a bus that brought them here, or a pickup location in their  home country.   Understanding and disabling these smuggling and trafficking networks  should be a national intelligence priority. This amendment would  require the Director of National Intelligence to conduct a review of  intelligence collection priorities in the Northern Triangle and Mexico  and then provide quarterly briefings to Congress regarding the  intelligence community activities in this region.   These individuals and organizations threaten the security of the  United States and the Western Hemisphere, and we should be using  intelligence to stop them.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am looking forward to working on  more pieces of legislation with my friend from the Commonwealth of  Virginia, and I want to thank both of the gentlemen from California and  their teams for helping us perfect this to get this important piece of  legislation onto the floor.   Again, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   