 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Chair, I think Mr. Lamb is going to have a statement here  coming up, and I thank Chairman Lamb in advance for his remarks. He has  a jam-up amendment.   Nuclear energy has been one of my top priorities during my time on  the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. America has a long  history of leadership in nuclear science. It is critical that we  maintain that leadership, but our existing fleet of reactors is aging.   Many of our nuclear plants are nearing the end of their 40-year  licenses and must reapply with the NRC to continue operation. While  license renewals are important to ensure nuclear safety, the process  requires robust analysis, planning, and science- and technology-based  solutions to modernize nuclear plants.   Fortunately, the DOE is carrying out this critical R&D through its  Light Water Reactor Sustainability Program. This program funds research  in materials, modeling, and system analytics to support extending the  operating life of the existing fleet.   By developing a science-based approach to understanding and  predicting the ways materials and nuclear plants behave over time, DOE  can help plant operators find ways to safely operate existing systems  while mitigating potential damage to reactor components.   DOE also funds R&D to support plant modernization efforts. This  includes developing ways to safely incorporate digital controls into  existing plant designs to help improve reactor efficiency, as well as  efforts to help existing plants operate with more flexibility.   I believe advanced reactor designs are the future of emissions-free  power around our world, but we cannot afford to throw away decades of  investment in the safe, reliable, clean power produced by our existing  light-water nuclear power plants. Through research to safely extend the  life of our existing nuclear fleet, DOE can ensure we maximize this  clean energy source.   Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Lamb in advance for working with me on  this amendment, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support it once  he does his fabulous presentation.    Madam Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman Kaptur  and Ranking Member Simpson, and now I want to say thank you to my  colleague, who has got an excellent amendment, and I applaud it very  much. I want to say to all of my colleagues: Support it. It is a great  amendment, and we look forward to passing it.   