 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of  William Barr to be the Attorney General, a nomination that the Senate  will be taking up later today.   I have a number of concerns about the nominee on policy grounds. I  echo what my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee have said about Mr.  Barr's troubling record on important issues affecting Americans'  constitutional freedoms. He has advocated for harsh, mandatory minimum  sentences, as well as the President's Muslim ban.   I also have serious concerns about his past statements about LGBTQ  equality and the role of government in women's reproductive healthcare.  As one telling example, he testified in his 1991 confirmation hearing  that Roe v. Wade was wrongly decided and should be overruled.   On all of these issues, this nominee, I believe, is out of step with  the views of the vast majority of the American public, but for me, this  nomination and my objection to this nomination is not simply an  objection based on policy grounds, nor is it a question of Mr. Barr's  experience. As a former Attorney General, Mr. Barr has long been well  respected within the legal community, but, frankly, the nominee for our  Nation's highest law enforcement position must be measured by more than  his resume. Instead, for me, particularly at this moment in time, this  is a question of Mr. Barr's fidelity to our Constitution. I find Mr.  Barr's actions in the months leading up to his nomination to be deeply  disturbing. As a result, I have serious doubts about this nominee's  independence and willingness to stand up for rule of law.   Last June, Mr. Barr wrote a secret, unsolicited memo attacking  Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into potential  obstruction of justice by the President. Mr. Barr then took this  unsolicited memo and passed it on to administration officials. We all  know what happened afterward.   In November, President Donald Trump fired Attorney General Jeff  Sessions after months of public abuse over Attorney General Sessions'  unwillingness to rein in or kneecap the Mueller investigation. For a  temporary replacement, he chose Matt Whitaker, whom we have seen  recently in his testimony over on the House side and whose primary  qualification to be Acting Attorney General appears to have been an op- ed he wrote decrying the scope of the Mueller probe.   With Mr. Barr's nomination, it has become again clear--and we heard  it again in some of the President's comments last night in El Paso-- that the President's major concern in choosing a new Attorney General  will be to choose someone who will shield him from the special  counsel's investigation. To me, Mr. Barr's unsolicited memo looks much  like a job application to try to appeal to the President on those  qualifications. The President has reportedly dangled the possibility of  pardoning potential witnesses in this special counsel's investigation.  In Mr. Barr, the President has a nominee who has been outspoken about  his expansive views of the appropriate use of pardon powers.   Let's be very clear. Any attempt by this President to pardon himself,  his family, or key witnesses in the Mueller or the Southern District of  New York investigation would represent an abuse of power that would  require a response by Congress. Special Counsel Mueller's  investigation, as we already have seen from the record, has led to  numerous indictments and convictions--convictions that even include the  President's own campaign chairman from the 2016 campaign.   While we have no idea when the Mueller investigation will finish, we  must make sure that the Mueller investigation remains free from  political interference until it gets to the truth. Then, we need to  ensure that its findings must be released to Congress and the American  public. Under our constitutional system, no one is above the law, not  even the President. We need an Attorney General willing to vigorously  defend that principle.   Consequently, I will oppose the nomination of Mr. Barr and urge my  colleagues to consider the same.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   I suggested absence of a quorum.   