 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you for the recognition, Madam President.   Today I rise to call on this body to defend the Constitution, to  protect the separation of powers, and to safeguard Congress's role as a  coequal branch of government.   Today I am introducing a bipartisan resolution with my Senate  colleagues to terminate the President's declaration of a national  emergency to build his border wall.   My partners in this effort include Senator Collins, who is with me  today. She will be here momentarily. Also partners are Senator  Murkowski and Senator Shaheen.   I just want to say to Senator Collins that I commend her on her  principled stance and on standing up for the Constitution.   The vote we will take on this resolution is historic. This is no  longer about the President's wall. This is not about party. This is not  about protecting the very heart of our American system. This is about  protecting the very heart of our American system of governance.   Congress--and only Congress--holds the power of the purse. Article I,  section 9 of the Constitution clearly states: ``No Money shall be drawn  from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law.''  The Constitution is absolutely clear.   Congress's power to make spending decisions is very clear. There is  no ambiguity. Deciding how to spend public funds is among our most  fundamental powers and responsibilities under the Constitution. The  Founders gave this power to the legislative body, not the executive, to  ensure there is a broad support for how public funds are spent.   Consequential and far-reaching decisions about spending taxpayer  money are not left to one person, not even the President.   This body has rejected the President's request to give him $5.7  billion for his wall along the southern border with Mexico. On February  14, not 2 weeks ago, we passed the Consolidated Appropriations Act of  2019 by a vote of 83 to 16. That compromise bill did not include the  $5.7 billion the President wanted to build his wall.   Whether you believe Congress should fund the President's wall is not  at issue. This is a question about the strength of the rule of law in  this country and about the separation of powers, which forms the  foundation of our American government.   The President's declaration of a national emergency is an end-run  around Congress's power to appropriate--plain and simple. To quote  Senator Collins, the President is ``usurping congressional authority.''   We are the representatives of the people. The people do not want to  spend $5.7 billion on the President's wall, and we must protect their  will.   Let's be clear. This emergency declaration has serious implications  for States all across the country. To build this wall, the White House  will raid $3.6 billion from the Department of Defense's military  construction budget and $2.5 billion from that Department's drug  interdiction program, but the White House apparently failed to realize  there are only about $80 million in the drug interdiction account. So  we should be prepared for a raid on other accounts or taking even more  from military construction funding.   These are military construction funds that Congress already has  appropriated for specific projects necessary to support the national  security priorities of the United States. I am privileged to serve on  the Appropriations Committee. I understand the hard and careful work  that goes into these funding decisions.   From my home State of New Mexico, Congress allocated some $85 million  to construct a formal training unit at Holloman Air Force Base in the  south-central part of New Mexico for unmanned aerial vehicles. This  investment in technology tracks terrorists  [[Page S1601]]  and protects our national security. We allocated $40 million to the  White Sands Missile Range to build an information systems facility  badly needed for next-generation research and development activities at  the range. Both of these projects were vetted over several years and  deemed important to our national security.   New Mexico is not alone. Many States' military bases and regional  economies will be impacted. Colorado, for example, is at risk of losing  almost $100 million for construction projects at Fort Carson near  Colorado Springs. Ohio risks $61 million for the first installment for  building at the National Air and Space Intelligence Center at Wright- Patterson Air Force Base.   Military construction projects totaling $210 million are at risk in  Florida, $520 million in Texas, $81 million in Utah, and the list goes  on and on. Projects in every corner of the country will be impacted.   According to the 1976 Senate report from the National Emergencies  Act, the President's emergency power may ``be utilized only when actual  emergencies exist.'' As a border Senator, I am here to tell you that  there is no actual national security emergency at our southern border  necessitating a massive wall along the southern border, as this body  has already determined. This is a matter where the President and  Congress have disagreed and the President is trying to overrule  Congress by fiat.   A bipartisan group of 58 former national security officials are  sounding the alarm. They write: ``Under no plausible assessment of the  evidence is there a national emergency today that entitles the  president to tap into funds appropriated for other purposes to build a  wall at the southern border.''   The evidence speaks for itself. The number of border apprehensions  has decreased dramatically. Since the early 2000s, southern border  apprehensions have dropped 81 percent. The number of apprehensions at  the end of fiscal year 2017 was the lowest it has been since 1971--a  46-year low. We have the lowest number of undocumented immigrants in  our country that we have had in over a decade.   The Pew Research Center estimated recently that the total number of  undocumented immigrants residing in the United States is far less than  since 2004. That is a 14-year low. And more people emigrate to Mexico  from the United States than immigrate from Mexico to here. That is  right. We have a negative net migration rate with Mexico.   I am one of the four States that border Mexico--one of the four  States that will be the most directly affected by a wall. I know for an  absolute fact that there is no national security emergency along my  State's border with Mexico. It is quite the opposite.   New Mexico's border communities are thriving. International commerce  is thriving. Our multicultural communities are thriving. Crime rates  are low.   A wall like the President wants would be disastrous for a State like  New Mexico. It will seize away private property and carve up family  ranches, farms, and homesteads. It will harm the beautiful but fragile  environment there on the border.   Again, whether you support the President's wall is not at issue on  this vote. As Senator Tillis put it in an op-ed in the Washington Post,  ``I support President Trump's vision on border security. But I would  vote against the emergency.''   Another Senate Republican Senator recently said, ``Congress has been  ceding far too much power to the executive branch for decades. We  should use this moment as an opportunity to start taking power back.''   Over 20 former Republican Senators and Representatives were compelled  to pen a letter opposing the emergency declaration. They state: ``It  has always been a Republican fundamental principle that no matter how  strong our policy preferences, no matter how deep our loyalties to  presidents and party leaders, in order to remain a constitutional  republic we must act within the borders of the Constitution.''   The time to act is now. Litigation has been filed, but Congress  should resolve the issue of our own constitutional authority and not  wait for the courts.   Let me repeat. The vote we will take will be historic. It is  imperative that all of us--Republican and Democrat--protect and defend  our Constitution and that we protect and defend the checks and balances  that unequivocally place the power of the purse with Congress and that  we affirm our powers--powers that are separate from the President's.   Our oath is to uphold the Constitution, and the Constitution is  clear. The Constitution does not empower the President to raid money by  decree just because Congress has already said no.   I will vote to terminate the President's declaration of the national  emergency to build his wall, and I will urge everyone in this Chamber  to protect our constitutional prerogative and to do so as well.    Would the Senator yield?    I just want to say, because we have both been here for a  bit talking on the floor about this, I want to thank Senator Collins  for standing up for principle. I want to thank her for standing up for  our Constitution. It is a real honor to join her in this resolution of  disapproval.   I also, as she just did, thank the two other Senators who are joining  us, Senator Murkowski and Senator Shaheen. I thank the Senator very  much.    Thank you for the recognition, Madam President.   Today I rise to call on this body to defend the Constitution, to  protect the separation of powers, and to safeguard Congress's role as a  coequal branch of government.   Today I am introducing a bipartisan resolution with my Senate  colleagues to terminate the President's declaration of a national  emergency to build his border wall.   My partners in this effort include Senator Collins, who is with me  today. She will be here momentarily. Also partners are Senator  Murkowski and Senator Shaheen.   I just want to say to Senator Collins that I commend her on her  principled stance and on standing up for the Constitution.   The vote we will take on this resolution is historic. This is no  longer about the President's wall. This is not about party. This is not  about protecting the very heart of our American system. This is about  protecting the very heart of our American system of governance.   Congress--and only Congress--holds the power of the purse. Article I,  section 9 of the Constitution clearly states: ``No Money shall be drawn  from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law.''  The Constitution is absolutely clear.   Congress's power to make spending decisions is very clear. There is  no ambiguity. Deciding how to spend public funds is among our most  fundamental powers and responsibilities under the Constitution. The  Founders gave this power to the legislative body, not the executive, to  ensure there is a broad support for how public funds are spent.   Consequential and far-reaching decisions about spending taxpayer  money are not left to one person, not even the President.   This body has rejected the President's request to give him $5.7  billion for his wall along the southern border with Mexico. On February  14, not 2 weeks ago, we passed the Consolidated Appropriations Act of  2019 by a vote of 83 to 16. That compromise bill did not include the  $5.7 billion the President wanted to build his wall.   Whether you believe Congress should fund the President's wall is not  at issue. This is a question about the strength of the rule of law in  this country and about the separation of powers, which forms the  foundation of our American government.   The President's declaration of a national emergency is an end-run  around Congress's power to appropriate--plain and simple. To quote  Senator Collins, the President is ``usurping congressional authority.''   We are the representatives of the people. The people do not want to  spend $5.7 billion on the President's wall, and we must protect their  will.   Let's be clear. This emergency declaration has serious implications  for States all across the country. To build this wall, the White House  will raid $3.6 billion from the Department of Defense's military  construction budget and $2.5 billion from that Department's drug  interdiction program, but the White House apparently failed to realize  there are only about $80 million in the drug interdiction account. So  we should be prepared for a raid on other accounts or taking even more  from military construction funding.   These are military construction funds that Congress already has  appropriated for specific projects necessary to support the national  security priorities of the United States. I am privileged to serve on  the Appropriations Committee. I understand the hard and careful work  that goes into these funding decisions.   From my home State of New Mexico, Congress allocated some $85 million  to construct a formal training unit at Holloman Air Force Base in the  south-central part of New Mexico for unmanned aerial vehicles. This  investment in technology tracks terrorists  [[Page S1601]]  and protects our national security. We allocated $40 million to the  White Sands Missile Range to build an information systems facility  badly needed for next-generation research and development activities at  the range. Both of these projects were vetted over several years and  deemed important to our national security.   New Mexico is not alone. Many States' military bases and regional  economies will be impacted. Colorado, for example, is at risk of losing  almost $100 million for construction projects at Fort Carson near  Colorado Springs. Ohio risks $61 million for the first installment for  building at the National Air and Space Intelligence Center at Wright- Patterson Air Force Base.   Military construction projects totaling $210 million are at risk in  Florida, $520 million in Texas, $81 million in Utah, and the list goes  on and on. Projects in every corner of the country will be impacted.   According to the 1976 Senate report from the National Emergencies  Act, the President's emergency power may ``be utilized only when actual  emergencies exist.'' As a border Senator, I am here to tell you that  there is no actual national security emergency at our southern border  necessitating a massive wall along the southern border, as this body  has already determined. This is a matter where the President and  Congress have disagreed and the President is trying to overrule  Congress by fiat.   A bipartisan group of 58 former national security officials are  sounding the alarm. They write: ``Under no plausible assessment of the  evidence is there a national emergency today that entitles the  president to tap into funds appropriated for other purposes to build a  wall at the southern border.''   The evidence speaks for itself. The number of border apprehensions  has decreased dramatically. Since the early 2000s, southern border  apprehensions have dropped 81 percent. The number of apprehensions at  the end of fiscal year 2017 was the lowest it has been since 1971--a  46-year low. We have the lowest number of undocumented immigrants in  our country that we have had in over a decade.   The Pew Research Center estimated recently that the total number of  undocumented immigrants residing in the United States is far less than  since 2004. That is a 14-year low. And more people emigrate to Mexico  from the United States than immigrate from Mexico to here. That is  right. We have a negative net migration rate with Mexico.   I am one of the four States that border Mexico--one of the four  States that will be the most directly affected by a wall. I know for an  absolute fact that there is no national security emergency along my  State's border with Mexico. It is quite the opposite.   New Mexico's border communities are thriving. International commerce  is thriving. Our multicultural communities are thriving. Crime rates  are low.   A wall like the President wants would be disastrous for a State like  New Mexico. It will seize away private property and carve up family  ranches, farms, and homesteads. It will harm the beautiful but fragile  environment there on the border.   Again, whether you support the President's wall is not at issue on  this vote. As Senator Tillis put it in an op-ed in the Washington Post,  ``I support President Trump's vision on border security. But I would  vote against the emergency.''   Another Senate Republican Senator recently said, ``Congress has been  ceding far too much power to the executive branch for decades. We  should use this moment as an opportunity to start taking power back.''   Over 20 former Republican Senators and Representatives were compelled  to pen a letter opposing the emergency declaration. They state: ``It  has always been a Republican fundamental principle that no matter how  strong our policy preferences, no matter how deep our loyalties to  presidents and party leaders, in order to remain a constitutional  republic we must act within the borders of the Constitution.''   The time to act is now. Litigation has been filed, but Congress  should resolve the issue of our own constitutional authority and not  wait for the courts.   Let me repeat. The vote we will take will be historic. It is  imperative that all of us--Republican and Democrat--protect and defend  our Constitution and that we protect and defend the checks and balances  that unequivocally place the power of the purse with Congress and that  we affirm our powers--powers that are separate from the President's.   Our oath is to uphold the Constitution, and the Constitution is  clear. The Constitution does not empower the President to raid money by  decree just because Congress has already said no.   I will vote to terminate the President's declaration of the national  emergency to build his wall, and I will urge everyone in this Chamber  to protect our constitutional prerogative and to do so as well.    Would the Senator yield?    I just want to say, because we have both been here for a  bit talking on the floor about this, I want to thank Senator Collins  for standing up for principle. I want to thank her for standing up for  our Constitution. It is a real honor to join her in this resolution of  disapproval.   I also, as she just did, thank the two other Senators who are joining  us, Senator Murkowski and Senator Shaheen. I thank the Senator very  much.   