 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, Secretary of State Pompeo will meet  with Vladimir Putin tomorrow, and there is something important he must  do.   The Mueller report, for all its revelations about the President's  conduct, also reminded us of things we know to be true and must resist  at all costs. The Mueller report documented the ``sweeping and  systematic'' disinformation campaign directed by President Putin to  undermine our 2016 elections. Whatever you may think of the President's  behavior, foreign interference in our elections cannot be ignored.   It was an attack on democracy itself, and in my view, America's  response has not been adequate. What happened in the past has happened,  as bad as it was, but the point of looking at this is to prevent it  from ever happening again in the future. We don't know what country  will try to change our elections and who it might support--Russia,  China, Iran, North Korea. So we have to bolster ourselves, and until we  get a full, full description of what happened and a plan to stop it  from happening in 2020, America should not rest because it is an attack  on democracy itself.   America's response, thus far, has not been adequate. Congress passed  sanctions, but then President Trump failed to implement some and  watered others down. Only a few months ago, the Treasury Department cut  a sweetheart deal on sanctions relief for Russian oligarch and Putin  crony Oleg Deripaska.   Even rhetorically, the President and members of his administration  have shown an unbelievable willingness to look past President Putin's  actions of 2016. A little over a week ago, just after the Mueller  report came out, President Trump held a phone call with President Putin  in which he reportedly brought up the Russian hoax, and he did not warn  Putin not to meddle in our elections. Of course, the press conference  in Helsinki last year was the epitome of President Trump's inability to  confront President Putin about his interference in our elections.   This matters a great deal because any softness on the  administration's part will be read by Putin and other foreign powers as  an invitation to try and interfere with our elections again. We know,  thanks to the testimony from FBI Director Wray and our national  intelligence chiefs, that foreign adversaries are gearing up right now  to try again and interfere with our elections in 2020. Yet it may not  be just Russia next time; it might be China, North Korea, or Iran. Who  knows?   So it is long past time for the Trump administration to make it  crystal clear that another interference campaign by Putin will not be  tolerated. The Secretary of State, Michael Pompeo, has an obligation to  warn President Putin that any action to interfere in our elections will  be met with an immediate and robust response. Secretary of State Pompeo  must make clear that the cost of trying to interfere with American  elections will be dear. Secretary of State Pompeo must deliver a shot  across the bow to Putin and any other foreign adversary who would dare  think about trying to influence our elections. Anything else from  Secretary Pompeo will be a failure of diplomacy.   Here in Congress, our response must also be strong. In the wake of  multiple warnings about future election interference, we must do  everything we can to harden our election infrastructure before 2020.  There are multiple bills--bipartisan, sponsored by Democrats and  Republicans--that are in committee right now that would do just that,  but Leader McConnell will not commit to bringing them to the floor,  which is another example of his legislative graveyard. Instead, he just  schedules nomination after nomination. This is now the third week in a  row that the Senate will spend processing only nominations. Leader  McConnell is, slowly but surely, changing the Chamber into a  legislative graveyard, where even the most urgently needed, bipartisan  bills on election security and Russia sanctions get buried.   