 Madam Speaker, I rise today in  support of my bill, the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor  Commemorative Coin Act, and urge my colleagues to support its passage.   The National Purple Heart Hall of Honor, located in my district in  New Windsor, New York, has a mission to collect and preserve the  stories of Purple Heart recipients from all service branches and across  generations so we can ensure that all recipients are remembered. The  hall also serves as a living memorial to our veterans' sacrifice.   My bill would honor the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor and all  our Purple Heart recipients with a commemorative coin produced at the  United States Mint at West Point, right down the road. Proceeds from  the sale of the coin would be directed to the National Purple Heart  Hall of Honor, Incorporated, for projects and programs that raise  awareness about the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor and pay tribute  to the memory and sacrifices of all our servicemen and -women who were  wounded or killed in combat.    Too often, the voices of our veterans are not heard, and, as our  veterans get older, particularly our World War II veterans, their  memories and experiences are in danger of being lost. These stories are  the most powerful record we have to document the sacrifice of our  soldiers and their families, stories like that of Corporal Richard Lay,  a New Yorker who served in the Marines during Vietnam. Corporal Lay was  born in Manhattan to a father who, himself, had served during World War  II.   In 1968, during his service in Vietnam, Corporal Lay's unit was  ambushed by Vietcong soldiers in what he describes as ``a day of  hell.'' During the mission, he was injured by shrapnel from a nearby  enemy blast. The Marines wanted to send Corporal Lay back to the United  States because of his injuries, but he insisted on remaining on the  front lines with his fellow marines to finish his tour of duty. After  his tour ended, Corporal Lay went home to serve as a New York City  Police Officer for 13 years.   I am reminded of the story of Richard Drago, a sergeant in 1970  stationed near the Cambodian border in Vietnam. Rich, whom I know, and  his company were attacked while providing artillery support for forward  operations. While operating a machine gun, Drago was badly wounded but  remained unwavering at his post. Without his grit and perseverance, the  enemy would have surely pushed forward through the United States'  position.   We can't forget about the dedication of our military nurses who have  risked their lives time and again in support of freedom, nurses like  Beatrice Mary MacDonald, assigned to a British Clearing Hospital as  chief nurse during World War I, in 1917. Chief Nurse MacDonald and her  unit served 4 miles behind enemy lines in Belgium, yet German aircraft  still bombed the hospital where she served, wounding her with shell  fragments. Due to those injuries, she lost sight in her right eye.  Chief Nurse MacDonald remained in the Army throughout the war. She is a  hero, and the first known woman to have earned the Purple Heart.   In 2013, I had the honor of presenting a long-overdue Purple Heart to  the family of a World War I veteran, Corporal William B. Tiebout.  Corporal Tiebout served in the National Guard, enlisted in the Army,  and was, in May of 1918, wounded in action while serving in Belgium. He  sustained shrapnel wounds to his legs and was wounded again when his  military hospital was strafed by German aircraft. He was discharged  from the Army in 1919 but  [[Page H7818]]  never received his Purple Heart. He served again during World War II  and responded to another call to defend freedom, enlisting this time in  the Navy and serving as an aircraft inspector in Bethpage, New York.   Despite serving in two world wars and being wounded, Corporal Tiebout  was never awarded the medals he had earned. Presenting the Purple Heart  to his family was something I will never forget. It was 95 years  overdue, but time could not diminish the debt we owed to Corporal  Tiebout for his service to our Nation and his sacrifice in defense of  our freedom.   These are the stories that remind us of what it is that is the very  best in the American spirit. Nothing exemplifies the love of country  more than the heroism of our Purple Heart veterans, the veterans I just  highlighted and so many more whose names will never be read out in this  sacred Hall but whose heroism is precious, nonetheless.   The Purple Heart Hall of Honor houses hundreds of thousands of  stories of patriotism and resilience. We have been working for years to  get this bill passed, and I am so proud and grateful for the support of  our military service organizations that supported this legislation,  especially the Military Order of the Purple Heart.   For volunteers like Stephanie Keegan, who lost a son who served with  honor and came home with invisible wounds, their efforts will guarantee  that we will finally produce this coin to honor Purple Heart veterans,  bolster the important work of the hall and the National Purple Heart  Honor mission and support the mission of the West Point Mint.   Congratulations to all, and let's pass this measure in honor of all  of our wounded heroes and their families.   