 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, the House of Representatives  voted in favor of a set of procedures to govern its impeachment  inquiry, laying out a formal process to examine the facts in a  deliberate and fairminded process.   Our Republican colleagues keep changing their arguments as to why  they are opposed to what the House is doing. First, there needed to be  a vote. There was a vote. Second, make it public. Now it is public.  Third, there is no quid pro quo. Now there is a quid pro quo, they even  admit.   So now they are saying it is not impeachable. The shifting stands of  the Republicans' argument in the House and Senate, which seems to shift  all the time, indicates they don't seem to have a real interest in  following the facts to where they lead but rather just defending Trump,  regardless of the facts. That is a huge mistake for the Republic and  for the Senate and how we should conduct ourselves.   So let me elaborate. For weeks, congressional Republicans criticized  House Democrats for not scheduling a vote. As soon as the vote was  taken, the same Republicans criticized the process once again.   Republicans criticized House Democrats for conducting classified  hearings, even though the material discussed concerns our national  security and Republicans readily participated in those hearings. Then  once the House voted on the plan for open hearings, predictably, the  same Republicans kept criticizing the process, coming up with a new  argument: The idea that there was no ``quid pro quo,'' which the  President himself stated, although he was contradicted by Mr. Mulvaney,  and that seemed to be the linchpin of their defense of the President in  the last few days and weeks.   But now, all of the sudden, knowing maybe what is coming out, all of  the sudden, our Republican colleagues are saying: Yes, there was a quid  pro quo, but it doesn't matter. It is not impeachable. Some of them  even think it is not even wrong, which is absolutely absurd.   So instead of the shifting sands of defenses of the President on a  near daily basis, my Republican friends should let all the facts come  out and make their judgments based on the facts. Instead of changing  their argument every third day when faced with new facts, they should  remain dispassionate and say we are going to look at the facts, instead  of just jumping to find a new defense of the President no matter what  the facts.   If you are defending the President because there is no quid pro quo  and there is quid pro quo, maybe you should be saying: Maybe something  is going on here. But, no, a new argument pops up.   The investigation is not yet complete. Jumping to conclusions before  all the facts come out is misguided. It is unbefitting of a Senator's  role as judge and juror of a potential impeachment case.   Now, last night, the President held a political rally in Kentucky  with several Republican elected officials, including the junior Senator  from Kentucky who publicly and explicitly urged the media to expose the  identity of the Federal whistleblower. The President, of course,  quickly praised the Senator's idea.   I cannot stress just how wrong this is. We have Federal whistleblower  laws designed to protect the identity and safety of patriotic Americans  who come forward to stand up for the Constitution. There are Members on  the other side of the aisle, including senior Members and chairs of  committees, who spent their entire careers defending whistleblowers and  the laws that protect them and their families.   So where are they now? I was pleased to hear that my colleague,  Senator Thune, spoke out and said that whistleblowers must be  protected. I believe  [[Page S6372]]  that Senator Grassley is saying the same. They are both right. But  there should be bipartisan outrage at the public attempts by the  President and a Member of this body to expose the identity of a Federal  whistleblower. You do not get to determine when our whistleblower laws  apply or do not or whether you like what the whistleblower said or you  do not. They are laws. This whistleblower, whose complaint was deemed  ``credible'' and an ``urgent matter'' by a Trump appointee, is  protected by these statutes. Every single Member of this body should  stand up and say that it is wrong to disclose his or her identity.   Our rhetoric can sometimes be overheated, but I am appalled by these  developments. There is no other word for it. We are in a moment of  history when the Republicans, over only a few weeks, have shifted from  saying that no laws were broken to saying that laws were broken, but it  is not impeachable, to outright advocating that laws be broken.   Where is the internal gyroscope, the clock of decency and honor on  the other side? They are twisting themselves in contradictory pretzels  to defend this President who is going to bounds that we have rarely  seen in this body with any party with any President.   I don't understand what sort of effect President Trump has on people  of integrity and some degree of strength, who just fold whenever he  says something, twist their arguments, change their arguments, do 180- degree hairpins about their arguments, all because they are afraid of  telling the truth to power, the truth to this President who never likes  to hear it.   