 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 226, the Clarity on Small  Business Participation in Category Management Act of 2019.   I thank Chairwoman Velazquez for working with us in a bipartisan  manner on this bill, as we have done over the years on a whole range of  other bills, whether the Democrats are in the majority or the  Republicans are in the majority. On this committee, Ms. Velazquez and I  have been able to work in a bipartisan manner, and we appreciate that  very much on this bill and many other things as well.   Category management is a procurement initiative that is being adopted  across the Federal Government. If implemented properly, it can be a  beneficial tool, allowing the government to better understand its  purchasing habits and identify cost savings, where appropriate.   However, as we discovered in a full committee hearing that we held on  this topic last Congress, setting mandatory targets to manage agency  spending may result in unintended consequences that could impact the  small business industrial base.   Specifically, this initiative may inadvertently reduce competition to  only a few vendors and may discourage new and emerging small businesses  from entering the Federal marketplace.   As a result, we may see a decrease in competition and an exodus of  small businesses from the Federal contracting base. We should ensure  that maximum opportunities are given to small businesses as we continue  to pursue cost savings across the Federal Government.   While I applaud the administration's efforts to reduce waste and  identify areas where savings could be achieved, when we do so, we  should try to avoid harming small businesses whenever possible.   H.R. 226 takes a first step toward assessing the impacts of category  management on small businesses by requiring the Small Business  Administration to report exactly how much is awarded to small  businesses through the best in class contracts. Establishing this  baseline and regularly monitoring these numbers is critical.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, before I address just some final points  about this bill, I have to respond a bit to the gentleman from  Mississippi relative to the shutdown, which we all hope will be  resolved as soon as possible.   I don't think anybody in this body wants portions of the government  to shut down and people not to be paid during that period of time.  Hopefully, they will be paid in the future, but we don't necessarily  want to pay people for not working, because we don't want them not to  be working in the first place. So we need to get the government back  open.   That being said, at this point, there is a standoff because the  President and many Members in this body and in the other body believe  that it is time for us to enhance our border security, and that is one  of the principal issues right now and why the government is not open  completely. Most of the government is open. It is a relatively small  portion. However, any portion of the government that is closed is too  much.   But we do have folks who have been coming across illegally at our  southern border, and many believe that we do need to enhance the  security at that border. Part of that is a wall, or barrier, or  substantial fencing, or one thing or another--whatever you want to call  it--and we need do that. We owe it to the American people to do that.  So with that being said, I will just leave it there.   Mr. Speaker, I do believe that we ought to be looking to save  taxpayer dollars in the procurement process, and category management  may be a tool to do just that. However, we must maintain a vibrant  industrial base that has a healthy and growing population of small  firms to increase competition, spur innovation, and drive down costs.   This commonsense bill increases oversight on the administration's  efforts to streamline the procurement process and aims to ensure small  firms are not harmed in that process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 227, the Incentivizing  Fairness in Subcontracting Act.   I, again, would like to thank Chairwoman Velazquez as well as the  gentleman from Mississippi, Trent Kelly, for their leadership on this  important bipartisan legislation.   As this committee has established time and again, small businesses  play a vital role in the health and strength of the Federal  marketplace. A vibrant small business community promotes innovation and  competition, which results in better quality products and services  provided at a lower cost to the taxpayer. Therefore, it is critically  important that strong incentives exist to entice new small businesses  to consider doing business in the Federal space.   One of the primary methods small businesses use to gain a foothold in  Federal contracting is through subcontracting. As such, they rely on  large prime contractors to make these opportunities available and to  receive payment in a timely manner. This often creates an imbalance of  power with the large prime contractor having the advantage.   This bill provides small businesses with more leverage by  establishing a new measure of accountability on large prime  contractors. Small subcontractors may seek redress with the Federal  agency small business advocate to resolve any nonpayment issues  stemming from the large prime contractor. Unresolved payment issues  will reflect poorly on the prime contractor's record, which will impact  the prime contractor's ability to win future contracts.   This bill establishes an important safeguard to discourage large  prime contractors from taking advantage of their small subcontractors.  The result will be a stronger and healthier industrial base, which is  good for government. It is also, importantly, good for the taxpayer. I  urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to thank the gentlewoman, again, for  her leadership on this, as well as Mr. Kelly.   As we have discussed, this legislation provides an important  safeguard to discourage large prime contractors from taking advantage  of their small subcontractors. Given how important  [[Page H273]]  small subcontractors are to the Federal procurement process, it is  critical we ensure that they have an adequate system of redress should  they have legitimate issues with the prime contractors. Once again, we  are looking out for the little guy, which is what this committee does,  and I think we all really appreciate that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 128, the Small Business  Advocacy Improvements Act of 2019.   I would like to once again thank Chairwoman Velazquez for working in  a cooperative and bipartisan manner to bring this measure to the House  floor. I would also like to thank our colleague from Kentucky (Mr.  Comer) for his leadership in sponsoring this legislation. He will be  speaking here shortly.   This bipartisan bill, which passed the House back in the 115th  Congress, the last Congress, simply clarifies the role of the Office of  Advocacy of the United States Small Business Administration, which is  charged with representing small businesses before Federal agencies  whose policies and activities may affect them. The office also examines  the role of small businesses in the American economy and the  contributions they make in improving competition.   Advocacy is vital to ensuring that small firms are heard when the  Federal Government makes policy decisions that will impact them. The  current law is silent regarding Advocacy's ability to study the role of  small businesses in international economies, which is an important  avenue for many small companies as they seek opportunities to expand  overseas. This legislation would clarify that Advocacy should include  international economies as part of its research functions, which will  help us to better understand how international economies impact our  Nation's small businesses.   The current law is also silent regarding Advocacy's authority to  represent small businesses before foreign governments and international  entities. This bill clarifies that Advocacy may represent small  business views and interests before foreign governments and other  international entities by contributing to regulatory and trade  initiatives. Considering Advocacy's experience with regulatory and  trade initiatives, it makes sense to ensure that the needs of America's  small businesses are fairly represented in the international space as  well.   Again, I want to thank the sponsor of this legislation, the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Comer), and Chairwoman Velazquez for working on this  important legislation and producing a simple solution to clarify the  role of this office, and I urge my colleagues to support this  straightforward legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   This commonsense legislation provides the Chief Counsel for Advocacy  the statutory authority to represent the Nation's small businesses in  the international realm. This timely legislation will provide the  office with greater latitude to represent America's small businesses  internationally.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   