 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today Speaker Pelosi unveiled the House's  plan to try to lower out-of-pocket costs for prescription drugs. This,  of course, has been a priority for many of us in Washington, including  the Presiding Officer.   We have been working on it really hard here in the Senate. Actually,  three standing committees of the Senate have now reported out  legislation dealing with this issue: the Judiciary Committee, the  Finance Committee, and the HELP Committee, or the Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions Committee. All are working together to try to come  with up bipartisan packages to lower prescription drug costs.   These bills, of course, include ideas from Republicans and Democrats.   Mr. President, apparently, we have some technical difficulties here.    It sounds like we have fixed that. Thank you.   As I was saying, while these bills include ideas from both  Republicans and Democrats, it shouldn't surprise people that in an area  as complex as this, there are going to be some disagreements along the  way. But that is what we do here: We work through those disagreements  and try to build consensus.   While I know that it is only a bipartisan bill that has any chance at  all to  [[Page S5588]]  make its way to the President's desk for his signature, Speaker Pelosi  appears to have a different approach. House Democrats want to replace  our free-market healthcare system with the heavyhanded government  approach that puts us on a path to socialized medicine. They want to  allow the government to set prices and put bureaucrats at the center of  our healthcare system, instead of patients.   The Speaker's plan is just the latest example of a partisan messaging  document masquerading as legislation, and it has absolutely no chance-- zero, zip, nada--of passing the Senate or becoming law.   In contrast, the ideas we have been working on would lower out-of- pocket costs by increasing competition and transparency, while stopping  the bad actors who try to game the system. Unlike the House, we have  been considering bills that have broad bipartisan support, as I said,  which means they have the potential to actually become law, to get  something done.   Speaker Pelosi should take note that we in the Senate have done the  hard work of finding consensus with our colleagues on both sides of the  aisle. I encourage our friends in the House of Representatives to stop  wasting time and, instead, start working in a bipartisan fashion and  work on legislation that can actually become law. Only then will the  American people see the benefit of a reduction in out-of-pocket costs  for their prescription drugs.   