 Mr. President, I also rise to talk about gun violence. I  express my appreciation for our Republican colleagues. Those of us on  this side of the aisle feel very strongly about this issue. I  understand we have gone a little bit past the time. I will try to be  quick. I feel very strongly about it too.   Let me just talk about two Virginia tragedies, and let me tell the  story of a hero whose name we should all know. It has been interesting.  I sat on the Senate floor and listened to a number of my colleagues'  speeches. As they talked about gun violence and mass shooting in the  United States, very few have mentioned that 12 people were killed in  Virginia Beach in a mass shooting on May 31. They mentioned Odessa,  they mentioned El Paso, and they mentioned Dayton. Why not Virginia  Beach? Because there have been so many tragedies since May 31.   The Virginia Beach shooting of 11 governmental employees and a  contractor who was just there to get some permits for a building permit  he was seeking happened barely 3 months ago, but it has already receded  into the memory of virtually anybody outside of Virginia because the  gun tragedies since have been the ones that have crowded into our  minds.   The fact that that has been allowed to happen--that we are so used to  it now that the killing of 12 people in a mass shooting barely 3 months  ago escaped people's memories--tells us we have become used to a  situation we should never have been able to tolerate.   In the Virginia Beach shooting, one of the reasons 12 people were  killed quickly was the shooter used high-capacity magazines that would  contain dozens and dozens of munition, which made the rescue operation  conducted by brave first responders extremely difficult.   We say we care about our first responders. When I talk to our first  responders, they say: If you care about us, do something to restrict  high-capacity magazines. Don't you want us to be able to stop a  shooting in progress? Don't you want us to stop a murder and keep the  homicides and carnage down? It is hard to do it when we are up against  somebody with such a massive amount of firepower. If you care about  first responders, if you want us to stop crimes in process, then enable  us to put meaningful restrictions on high-capacity magazines.   I think that was a powerful lesson from the Virginia Beach shooting,  that had the magazines been smaller, they could have stopped the  carnage earlier. There may have been those injured or killed, but it  would have been less of a toll.   I want to point this out before moving to the next issue. As a  society, we tolerate high-capacity magazines. Many in this Chamber are  hunters. Many in this Chamber are familiar with hunting laws. In  Virginia, as in most States, there are rules that have been on the  books for years. If you hunt a deer in Virginia, we limit the amount of  rounds you can have in a rifle or shotgun. We put a limit, and that  limit has been accepted for decades. Why do we limit the size of  magazines in hunting animals? Because it wouldn't be fair. It wouldn't  be sportsmanlike. It wouldn't be humane to allow an animal to be hunted  with a magazine of near-unlimited capacity. If it is not humane to hunt  an animal with a massive magazine, then why allow near-unlimited  magazines to be used to hunt human beings? This is a rule we accept,  and we should accept it for weapons designed to hurt humans as well.   The second tragedy in Virginia occurred when I was Governor a number  of years ago--the tragic shooting at Virginia Tech. I won't go into it  because I will segue when I talk about a hero, but the shooting at  Virginia Tech happened because of a weakness in the background check  system. The individual, the young man, Seung-Hui Cho, who killed 32  people was prohibited from having a weapon because he had been  adjudicated mentally ill and dangerous, but weaknesses in the  background checks system enabled him to get a weapon anyway. We learned  a powerful and painful lesson that day, which is that if your  background check system has loopholes and gaps, disasters will result.   So I join with my colleagues who say H.R. 8--that has come from the  House and is a comprehensive background check system bill that keeps  weapons out of the hands of people who are dangers to themselves and  others--is something we should absolutely pass.   Last, let me tell the story about an American hero. I have told this  story on the floor before but not for a number of years. I want to tell  this story because I think everybody should know this individual's  name. The name of the hero I want to describe is a man named Liviu  Librescu.   Liviu Librescu was one of the 32 people who were killed at Virginia  Tech on April 16, 2007. Let me tell you about him. He was born in  Romania--and he was Jewish--during the Holocaust. When Germany occupied  Romania and began to take over the country, Jews were persecuted. Liviu  Librescu was then a young child. His family was sent to concentration  camps, and many of them perished just because they were Jewish. Liviu,  as a young child, was hidden by relatives and friends and miraculously  managed to survive the Nazi campaign of anti-Semitism against Jews.  Many Jews left Romania because they felt their neighbors and friends  didn't protect them. Liviu Librescu decided to stay. ``I am a Romanian  and am going to stay in Romania and make my country a peaceful place  where Jews can live in peace with their fellow men and women.''   He ran into a second problem. He went to the university. He was a  talented scientist and engineer. But then the Soviet Union moved in and  essentially occupied Romania. They punished him because he was Jewish  and because he wouldn't join the Communist Party. He was a world- renowned engineer published in journals around the world. First, they  prohibited his ability to travel to academic conferences and then  prohibited his right to publish. Over the years, the  [[Page S5428]]  Soviet-dominated Government of Romania took away virtually every right  he had.   He started to try to figure out a way to immigrate to Israel. In the  early 1970s, at a time when some Eastern European Jews were allowed to  immigrate to Israel, Liviu Librescu finally escaped Soviet-dominated  communism after having survived the Holocaust and moved to Israel. It  was his dream.   Liviu Librescu was teaching at the Technion in Israel, one of the  premier scientific engineering institutions in the world. He got an  offer after a few years to come be a visiting professor in Blacksburg,  VA, at Virginia Tech for 1 year. He came in 1958. This Romanian Jew,  professor at an Israeli technical university, came to Blacksburg, VA,  in the mountains of Appalachia, for 1 year, and he fell in love with  Blacksburg. He stayed in Blacksburg, at Virginia Tech, for the rest of  his career.    On April 16, 2007, Liviu Librescu--now 22 years in Blacksburg--was  teaching an engineering class in one of the two buildings that were the  subject of the attack by the shooter, Seung-Hui Cho. On the morning of  April 16, 2007, he had undergraduates and graduates in the class. When  he heard shooting start in the classroom, he instinctively knew he  should protect his students. Liviu Librescu was now over 70 years old,  this Holocaust survivor.   He stood in front of the classroom door on the second floor of this  building and told the students: You have to jump out the window. I am  going to do everything I can to protect your life. Jump out the window.   He stood there in front of the classroom door and absorbed bullet  after bullet. Every student of Liviu Librescu's was able to escape from  that building, save one. There was one student who couldn't get out in  time and who had let others go first. Liviu Librescu was killed, and  one student in his class was killed, but he saved the lives of all of  these other young people.   April 16, 2007, was a day that was a very special day in Liviu  Librescu's life. Most in the classroom wouldn't have known it. That day  was Yom HaShoah, which is a day that occurs every year on the Hebrew  calendar and is a day that is celebrated and commemorated in Israel. It  is a day to commemorate, remember, and never forget the Holocaust. That  is what Yom HaShoah was. Liviu Librescu, a Holocaust survivor, knew  what that day was. He knew what it meant. He made a choice.   The commemoration of the Holocaust is not just about remembering the  violent perpetrators and is not just about remembering the victims; it  is also about remembering that there wouldn't have been millions of  victims had there not been so many bystanders. That is what Yom HaShoah  is about. It is about victims, perpetrators, and also about bystanders  in that the Holocaust would never have happened had there not been so  many bystanders. What Liviu Librescu decided to do that day was not to  be a bystander. As violence was occurring around him, he decided: I  will not be a bystander. I will try to take an action to save someone's  life.   Think about it. He survived the Holocaust. Think about it. He  survived the Soviet takeover of his country. Then he came to this  Nation and loved it, but he could not survive the carnage of American  gun violence. He did, at least, decide he wouldn't be a bystander.   That is what we are called to do in the Senate of the United States-- not to be bystanders. We do not have to demonstrate the courage of a  Liviu Librescu and place our bodies in front of a classroom door and  absorb bullet after bullet to save somebody else's life. I don't think  I would have the courage to do that. I don't know how many of us would  have. We are not called to make a sacrifice of that magnitude, but I do  think we are called to make some sacrifices, and I do think we are  called not to be bystanders. If we are going to be true to that  calling, we have to be willing to take up and debate and to vote on  commonsense measures to keep Americans safe from gun violence.   I yield the floor.   