 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of my  amendment which would demonstrate the environmental benefits of the  U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement, as well as show the cost of  delaying passage of this agreement.   USMCA is groundbreaking in more ways than one. It will create  thousands of U.S. jobs, improve our economy, increase U.S. agriculture  exports, and reduce our trade deficits with Mexico.   Thanks to President Trump, this trade agreement is also a great  achievement for the environment. USMCA brings all environmental  provisions into the core of the agreement, which means that they can be  fully enforced.   The agreement contains the first-of-its-kind language on improving  air quality as well as appropriate procedures for environmental impact  assessments.   The agreement takes a commonsense approach by creating a partnership  between the U.S. and two of its most important trade allies toward a  unified goal of improving the environment.   Importantly, the agreement also maintains each country's sovereignty  over their own laws. This will create more environmental benefits than  anything offered by my friends across the aisle who, so far, have only  come up with eradicating U.S. agriculture, eliminating cows, and  eliminating air travel.   My amendment would direct the EPA to use these funds to produce  reports that would demonstrate the environmental improvements that we  are not benefiting from every day this agreement is not in effect. This  way, the American people can see firsthand what the cost of delay truly  is.   Just yesterday, Mexico voted overwhelmingly to ratify this agreement.  Canada is moving forward as well. It is time for Democrats to decide  what is worse for them: giving President Trump a win or allowing the  U.S. to remain in an outdated trade agreement that is not up to the  standards we hold today.   USMCA is a great agreement for the American people, and it is time to  vote. I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   