 Mr. President, I would like to echo the sentiments my  colleagues have expressed in appreciation of the men and women who  serve in our Armed Forces.   While it may seem like the Members of this Chamber, much like America  itself, are strongly divided on issues of national policy, I can say,  without a doubt, that we are all united in support of our troops and  their efforts to protect and defend our Nation and its ideals. That is  why I am appreciative of the opportunity to join with my colleagues  today to thank the soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and  coastguardsmen working tirelessly to protect the American people from  the multitude of threats that face our Nation.   The men and women who wear our Nation's uniform selflessly serve.  They are fully aware of the risks they face. Despite that, they bravely  put themselves in harm's way to defend our country, ideals, and allies  around the world.   They didn't choose this life to seek recognition, awards or honors.  Like those who wore the uniform before  [[Page S2861]]  them, they chose the path of a higher calling. They chose it as a way  to use their talents for the greater good. The men and women who serve  in our military embody what it means to be a giver.   I know my fellow Arkansans share my gratitude and appreciation for  all of our military personnel and their families who sacrifice at home  while their loved ones are abroad.   Arkansas has a storied military heritage and a long and proud history  of supporting our Nation's defense. Troops stationed in the State  served our country honorably even before it was admitted to the Union.  Today, Arkansans are stationed around the globe, and our personnel at  the Little Rock Air Force Base, Camp Robinson, Ebbing Air National  Guard Base, Pine Bluff Arsenal, and Fort Chaffee continue to make the  Natural State proud.   We highlight their service during the month of May, which includes  six military-related national observance days, as a way to express our  gratitude. That gratitude endures in perpetuity.   We simply cannot thank our servicemembers enough for the tremendous  sacrifice they made to ensure that we continue to live in the greatest,  freest country that the world has ever known.   As the son of an Air Force master sergeant, I learned at a young age  about the sacrifices our men and women in uniform make. I also learned  very early on that military families face unique challenges. It truly  is a family affair.   My father joined the National Guard while he was in high school, and  while still in high school, his unit was shipped out to prepare for  World War II. He remained in the Air Force long after the war was over,  serving over 20 years in uniform. The example set by my father's  military career--and the lessons we learned growing up in a military  family--helped my siblings and me to prepare for a productive service- centered life. The experience taught us one of the most valuable  lessons which I continue to carry with me today. Through their service  to our country, the men and women of our military are part of something  much bigger than themselves.   My father was not only my hero, but as a World War II veteran, he and  his fellow servicemembers in my hometown of Fort Smith were embraced in  the same manner by the community as a whole. The respect and admiration  our community displayed for military members was not faked or forced.  It was genuine.   It remains just as strong today in communities across our great  Nation. While those displays may be more publicly visible during  National Military Appreciation Month, the feelings of respect,  admiration, and gratitude will carry on long after the end of this  month. Our Nation is eternally grateful for the sacrifice of every  servicemember working to keep America safe, strong, and free.   It is a real honor to be down here with my colleague from Arkansas,  and we greatly appreciate your service. Congratulations on your book,  which tells the story of Arlington and what a very special place it  is--truly hallowed ground.   I yield the floor.   