 Mr. President, I rise today as well to talk about  pensions, as so many of my colleagues have been--and not just talking  about but acting to advance legislation with regard to pensions.   As we have heard today--and we will keep saying this because it bears  repeating--pensions are a promise. They are a promise of a secure  retirement. When a worker enters into that promise with a company, when  the Federal Government is involved, we have to make sure we keep the  promise to workers, just as we did a couple of years ago, after a lot  of hard work, to make sure healthcare was there for coal miners who  were retired.   Pensions are an issue that both Houses of Congress have a  responsibility to act on.   The House passed the Butch Lewis Act 3 months ago, but like a lot of  legislation that has come from the House, it is sitting in the Senate  day after day, week after week and in this case 3 months--3 months-- since passage in the House. It is time for the U.S. Senate to have a  vote on the Butch Lewis Act.   In Pennsylvania, and I know this is true of several other States, we  are talking about coal miners, teamsters, bakery and confectionary  workers who, through no fault of their own, are seeing their hard- earned pensions threatened. Failure to act could result in devastating  economic consequences across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and  across our Nation.   Just think about it this way, in terms of Pennsylvania: One estimate  has it that over 60,000 pensions--60,000--including 11,831 coal miners,  21,460 teamsters as part of that larger number--could be at risk.   Despite the challenges ahead, the good news is, we have bipartisan  legislation that I mentioned a moment ago, the Butch Lewis Act, which  passed the House 3 months ago.   Senator Brown of Ohio and others have worked hard to make sure this  effort on pensions is in front of the agenda in the Senate.   The Butch Lewis Act will create a loan program for troubled pensions.  It is a commonsense solution that brings the public sector and the  private sector together to address this looming crisis for workers.   We must also pass legislation so we can address the coal miners'  healthcare and coal miners' pension crises. Senator Manchin from West  Virginia has shown great leadership in this process over many years.   We also owe thanks to the Members of the U.S. Senate Democratic  caucus. Few, if any, have coal miners in their States, but because of a  concerted effort in the Democratic caucus, we have made coal miners and  their healthcare and retirements and their pensions a priority. Those  Democratic Senators stood with Senators like me from States that have a  large number of retired coal miners because it is the right thing to  do. Those Democratic Senators know it is the right thing to do. Some  Republican Senators do as well.   It is the right thing to do because, as I started with, pensions are  a promise, and we have to make sure we keep our promise to those  workers.   Thousands of Pennsylvania families are counting on us, and many more  thousands of American families across the board outside of Pennsylvania  are counting on us to keep our promise on pensions and to make sure we  continue to fight until that promise is kept to our workers and to  their families.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   