 Madam President, I am glad the Senator from West  Virginia is on the floor because if someone were to ask where do we go  from here, her work is the best example of that.   Let's stop and think about this just a minute. The issue is whether  we should include in a plan for border security some physical barrier.  That is the issue. How do you resolve that issue? That is what we do.   I remember, I went to see Johnny Cash when I was Governor of  Tennessee, and I didn't quite know what to say to him so I said: How  many nights are you on the road?   He said: Oh, about 200.   I said: Why do you do that?   He looked at me and said: That is what I do.   This is what we do. Our job is not to take a position or to make a  speech. We could do that at home. We could get a radio program or a  television show. No one might watch it, but we could get one. It takes  very little courage and very little skill to take a position or make a  speech, but what the Senator from West Virginia has shown that she is  able to do is to take issues of border security and do what we are  supposed to do, which is to put different views together and get a  result.   Now, this wasn't that long ago, what she just described. It was just  last summer that the full Appropriations Committee of the Senate, which  is about a third of all of us--almost equally divided, Republicans and  Democrats--considered President Trump's budget request for border  security. It included a request that included physical barriers--a  wall.   What was the result? If I have my numbers right, I believe the  committee recommended about $5.7 billion for border security, including  $1.6 billion for a physical barrier, which is a wall. At least ten  Democrats voted for that. You didn't read about that in the afternoon  news as a big problem because we considered what a comprehensive border  security plan would be for our southern border under the leadership of  the Senator from West Virginia, and she responded to the President's  request.   He is, after all, the President. I have read the Constitution. He  does have to sign the bill for it to become a law. So we respected the  President's request, considered it, and voted for it. That is where we  were on the Senate floor as late as last summer.   Then the President came along more recently and said: We have a  crisis on the southern border. We need more money for border security,  and part of that money ought to include physical barriers.   That should surprise no one. The last four Presidents have said the  same thing--President Obama, President Clinton, President George W.  Bush, and President George H.W. Bush. We think they were pretty  effective Presidents. They all asked for money to build physical  barriers on the southern border of the United States--it is 1,954 miles  long----those four Presidents who came before President Trump. Those  Presidents asked for and Congress approved--Democrats and Republicans-- 654 miles of wall along the southern border.   This issue has gotten blown way out of proportion. As the President  just said a few moments ago, he is not asking for a wall from sea to  shining sea, and what this Congress has shown, under four Presidents of  the United States, and more recently under the leadership of the  Senator from West Virginia, is that we can take a President's request-- either a Republican President or a Democratic President, in the case of  Clinton and Obama--for border security and come up with a comprehensive  recommendation that attracts the bipartisan support of U.S. Senators  and make it a law, and that is what we should do in the next 3 weeks.   Boy Scouts shouldn't get a merit badge for telling the truth, and  U.S. Senators and Presidents shouldn't get a merit badge for keeping  the government open. That is what we are supposed to do. But it is good  that it is  [[Page S675]]  open, and it is important for the people to know that we know what to  do with it. We know what to do with it because we do it all the time.   There are two things wrong with the last few weeks. One is that the  government was shut down. As the Senator from Alaska said, as the  Senator from West Virginia said, and as I have heard almost every  Senator say on both sides of the aisle, we should never ever shut down  the government. Shutting down the government should be as off limits in  budget negotiations as chemical warfare is in real warfare. I should  not be able to say to the Senator from Alaska: If I don't get my way, I  am going to shut the government down, whether it is on Planned  Parenthood or military spending or a road in Alaska or a road in  Tennessee or a coal mine in West Virginia. We have our strong opinions,  but we don't say we are going to take our football and go home. We  should say: We were elected to make the government work for taxpayers,  not to shut it down, and we know how to do that. We know how to do  that.   The first thing that was wrong with the last few weeks is we accepted  the idea that shutting down the government is an acceptable bargaining  chip in a budget negotiation, and it should never ever be, and we  should resolve that that should never ever happen. If this President or  the next President or this Speaker of the House or the next the Speaker  of the House tries to do it, we should in a bipartisan way say: No, you  can have your strong view, but we are not going along with your threat  to shut the government down in order to get your policy goals.   The second thing that was wrong with it was that we didn't give the  job to the people whose job it is to work these things out. For  example, the Senator from West Virginia showed in her leadership of the  Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee that she knows how, with  her committee members, to work out differences of opinion on border  security.   Instead, we were having a high decibel debate back and forth between  the President and the Speaker of the House. He would say one thing on  TV, and she would come out of her office and refute it in 5 minutes.  That is not the way you get an agreement. That is not the way we ever  get an agreement. They should leave that to what we call the regular  order and allow us to have our discussions.    We began to make progress yesterday when we did something that we  know how to do, which is to vote. The second thing that happened is the  Republican leader, Senator McConnell, and the Democratic leader,  Senator Schumer, walked back to Senator McConnell's office and they  began to talk. And here we are, less than 24 hours later, with  apparently a result. I commend Senator McConnell and I commend Senator  Schumer for taking this issue, going back in the room and talking about  it, and getting the Senate back to the business of doing what it is  supposed to do.   I see other Senators on the floor, and I want them to have a chance  to speak. I thank the Senator from Alaska, who has kindly presided when  I was supposed to be so I would be allowed to speak.   I am glad the President did today what he said he would do. The  government should be open, and we should be solving the problem. As I  said, Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts should not get merit badges for  telling the truth, and Senators and Presidents shouldn't get it for  keeping the government open. But it is good that it is open, and now  there is a chance for us to work together.   The Senator from West Virginia has been one of the leaders in the  last few days, along with the Senators from Alaska and West Virginia,  saying: Let's open the government. Let's go to work, and let's take the  proposal for comprehensive border security and make a result.   It is not that unusual for the President--any President--in the  middle of a year to say: We have an unusual need. The country needs  more money. It might be a disaster. It might be a hurricane. It might  be a flood. It might be a war. It might be a crisis on the southern  border. Let's not get hung up on this wall talk. Let's remember that  the previous four Presidents asked for and we approved the building of  654 miles along the 1,954-mile southern border of the United States.  That is Democrats and Republicans over 20 years.   Let's not forget that last summer, under the leadership of the  Senator from West Virginia, the Senate Appropriations Committee  considered the President's request and approved $5.7 billion for border  security, including $1.6 billion for a physical barrier. Let's have the  same sort of discussion again in the next 3 weeks. Let's let the  Senators and the House Members, whose job it is to do it, do it.   I am glad to see this happen. I am glad that when I go back to  Tennessee or fly out from Tennessee, I am not walking through the TSA  and seeing one of 54,000 TSA workers who have been working without  pay--in our State, cheerfully, never complaining, never saying an angry  word to me. One did say he could use some money because he wasn't  getting his check, and I appreciated that.   I am glad that is over. It shouldn't happen again. Let's get back to  work. I thank the Senators on the floor--all three of them--from  Alaska, Virginia, and West Virginia, for their leadership in getting us  where we are today.   I yield the floor.   