 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Engel for  yielding to me and for his leadership that he has provided in making  sure that we develop a good working relationship with the Republic of  Mexico.   In fact, a few months ago, we also passed a U.S.-Mexico economic  development bill that is over in the Senate, and now today we are  passing a tourism bill that will be used to promote this important  relationship.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his leadership.   I also want to thank the ranking member, a friend of mine who is also  with me on the U.S.-Mexico Interparliamentary Group, and I want to  thank him because, as a Texan, he also understands this very important  relationship that we have with Mexico.   Madam Speaker, I also want to thank the majority staff and,  certainly, the minority staff for the Committee on Foreign Affairs  because they get it. They understand the type of legislation that we  need to have to improve this relationship that we have between the U.S.  and Mexico. So I want to thank both staffs.   The relationship with Mexico is very important. Let me first talk  about trade.   Every day, there is more than $1.7 billion of trade between the U.S.  and Mexico. That is over $1 million every single minute, the trade that  we have between these two countries.   If we look at the more than 5 million jobs that have been created  because of the trade that we have with Mexico, it is important that we  nourish this relationship.   So it is not only the trade that we have, the commerce that we have,  but it is certainly also the tourism.   In 2016, we had over 19 million Mexicans that came over and spent  over $20.5 billion at our restaurants, at our  [[Page H4383]]  hotels, at our malls, at our stores--a lot of money that has been spent  here in the United States. But the last couple years, we have seen a  different trend.   While international tourist arrivals in the U.S. have totaled 79.6  million visitors, which has been almost a 5 percent increase, a 4.2  percent increase, the tourism from Mexico has actually decreased, and,  again, for different reasons.   Again, if we call them murderers, rapists, and other words, they are  not going to come and spend the money. So we have to make sure that we  get our friends to the south to come back and spend money because,  again, in 2016, Mexican tourism to the United States peaked at almost  19 million, which means that one out of every four international  visitors, that is almost 25 percent of the tourists coming from across  the world, was coming here to the United States from Mexico.   Madam Speaker, this is why, with Chairman Engel and my good friend,  the ranking member,   Michael McCaul, we are trying to make sure that  we get this tourism back because, again, it is good for our economy.   What does this bill do? Basically, it is asking that we focus on  doing a couple things:   Having the State Department develop a strategy to expand this  bilateral tourism with Mexico;   Encouraging collaboration between governmental and nongovernmental  entities;   Making sure that this strategy is at the highest level, which is,  again, at the High Level Economic Dialogue platform with Mexico; and   Making sure that the Mexican Government is involved.   I have spoken to some of the Mexican congressmen that we met last  time we were there, like, for example, Congressman Luis Alegre from the  Cancun area. They know that this tourism business is very important.   Madam Speaker, again, I want to thank the chairman; I want to thank  the ranking member; and, again, I want to thank the staff for putting  this bill up.   Madam Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues in the House to pass this  measure which will return the economic benefits of bilateral tourism  with Mexico again to our U.S. businesses and entrepreneurs.   