 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, on Tuesday, the Washington Post  published an important piece of investigative journalism. The  journalists looked into a very narrow, very wealthy group of special  interests seeking to control our Federal judiciary. It was a revealing  story, one that matters a great deal to the Senate and to the people we  serve. I come to the floor today to discuss that tightening special  interest grip on our courts.   The central operative in this court-fixing scheme is Leonard Leo of  the Federalist Society, the organization at the center of this effort.  As I described here on the Senate floor several weeks ago, there are  three incarnations of the Federalist Society.   The first is a debating society for conservatives at law schools.  They convene panels and forums for like-minded, aspiring lawyers to  talk about conservative ideas and judicial doctrine. That is all fine.   The second is a flashy Washington, DC, think tank. They attract big- name lawyers, scholars, and politicians--even Supreme Court Justices-- to their events. They publish and podcast. They hold black tie galas. I  don't agree with the work they do, but I don't question their right to  do it.   The third Federalist Society is what was exposed in the Post article.  It is something much, much darker, both in its funding and in its  function. It is a vehicle for powerful interests seeking to ``reorder''  the judiciary under their control so as to benefit their corporate  rightwing purposes. It seeks to accomplish by judicial power grab what  the Republican Party has been unable to accomplish through the open  Democratic process.   This third, dark Federalist Society understands the fundamental power  through the Federal judiciary to rig the system in favor of special  interests.   So what did the Post find out about how our judges on the most  important courts in the country are selected? It found a network of  front groups. It found shell entities with no employees. It found  shared post office mail drops, common contractors and officers across  nominally separate entities, even common presidents of nominally  separate entities. In these characteristics, it has some resemblance to  money laundering and crime syndicates.   What else did they find? They found dark money funders, anonymous  advertising, enormous pay packages for the operatives, and judicial  lists prepared secretly. It found $250 million in dark money flowing  through this apparatus.   The story turns up familiar dark money political funders like the  Mercers and the National Rifle Association, but it also exposes groups  that are harder to spot, which may not have garnered much attention  before but serve central functions in Leonard Leo's court-fixing  apparatus.   A few weeks ago I delivered remarks on the Senate floor about the  sweeping influence of Leonard Leo and the Federalist Society court- fixing scheme. I touched on one Federalist Society product of this  scheme in particular: the newly confirmed DC Court of Appeals judge,  Neomi Rao. I described some pretty straightforward facts about Rao. Her  connection to the Federalist Society is no secret. Sitting on the DC  Circuit right now, her bio still appears on the Federalist Society  website along with the list of 26 times she has been featured--26 times  she has been featured at Federalist Society events.   Before being nominated for one of the most influential courts in the  country, which some call the second highest court in the land, she had  never been a judge, she had never tried a case. Instead, she had served  as the Trump administration's point person for helping big Republican  donors tear down Federal safety regulations. She did this as the head  of the White House's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,  OIRA. That is not disputed.   Before that, she founded something provocatively called the Center  for the Study of the Administrative State at George Mason University's  Antonin Scalia Law School. Her center is a cog in Leonard Leo's  machine.   Let's revisit Rao's testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee  about the funding for the Center for the Study of the Administrative  State. She testified that neither the Koch Foundation nor any anonymous  donors had funded her center. Well, a trove of documents obtained by  me, the New York Times, and others showed that was not true. A Virginia  open records request had revealed that an anonymous donor funneling its  dark money donation through Leonard Leo and the Charles Koch Foundation  in fact donated $30 million intended to flow to her organization, her  Center for the Study of the Administrative State.   Well, my remarks drew quite a reaction. The center's current director  took to Medium to post a 2,500-word rebuttal. He claimed I was all  wrong about the center's funding--that none of its money came from  those anonymous and Koch brothers' donations.   The National Review jumped into the fray and noted the Medium post on  its website. The nub of their criticism was that although I was right,  the Scalia Law School had indeed received millions in anonymous and  Koch brothers' money. That money had gone to fund scholarships, not to  the anti-regulatory Center for the Study of the Administrative State.   Let's start by assuming that is true. I will tell you, if I gave $30  million to my alma mater ``for scholarships,'' I would expect a thank- you. I expect they would see a gift of $30 million in scholarships as a  benefit to the school. If they were asked ``Has Senator Whitehouse ever  given you a gift?'' I would expect them to say ``Yes, he gave us a $30  million scholarship fund.'' I might even expect a nice press release.  So I don't buy the ``this was just scholarships money'' dodge around  telling the truth to the Judiciary Committee.   But look a little more. In 2016, George Mason University, indeed,  received a $10 million donation from the Charles Koch Foundation and,  indeed, did receive a $20 million donation from an anonymous donor.  Both gifts came with grant agreements, and these grant agreements were  among the Virginia open records documents. So we can learn a little bit  more.   The grant agreements stipulate that the money was intended to fund  ``scholarships'' but also specify that gifts were conditioned on the  school's providing ``funding . . . and support for''--you guessed it-- Neomi Rao's Center for the Study of the Administrative State.   That is not all we found. Private communications revealed with the  grant agreements show that the Koch Foundation and their handpicked law  school administrators viewed all of this money as fungible.   I earlier said that if I gave $30 million, I might expect a press  release. The Antonin Scalia Law School did a press release. Its  announcement of this funding stated: ``The scholarship money will also  benefit the institution because it frees up resources that can be  allocated for other priorities, including additional faculty hires and  support for academic programs.''   It didn't end there. The documents keep telling us more. They include  a progress report--a progress report--to the Koch Foundation. Under the  heading ``most pressing needs,'' Dean Henry Butler wrote to the Koch  Foundation: ``Cash is King (scholarships are cash).'' In that same memo  to the Koch Foundation--which, by the way, is kind of a bizarre  document to exist in the first place, unless this is kind of a front  for Koch brothers' political activities--Dean Butler also made clear  that Rao's center had indeed received hundreds of thousands in funding  from an anonymous donor, just as I charged, and further made clear that  Rao's center was  [[Page S3034]]  being funded with $400,000 from ``naming-gifts scholarship revenue''-- the Koch brothers' ``scholarships'' money that was earmarked for Neomi  Rao's center. It was being rerouted to fund Leonard Leo and Neomi Rao's  project to gut public protections in this country on behalf of those  donors. The dark plot thickened.   Here is the most interesting part of all. The open records documents  also show that the law school dean, Henry Butler, regularly reported to  Leonard Leo on developments at Neomi Rao's center, including faculty  hiring and other Federalist Society priorities. The emails are very  cozy. The dean is deferential. There is even a calendar entry for lunch  at a Washington, DC, restaurant for Neomi Rao, Henry Butler, and  Leonard Leo. Cozier still is that another condition of the Koch  Foundation's massive gift was that Henry Butler be protected as dean  because they viewed him--specifically him--as ``critical to advancing  the school's mission.'' That mission? Doing the Koch Foundation and  Leonard Leo's bidding to help cripple public interest protections in  this country for big special interests funding Leo, funding the center,  and funding the Federalist Society.    Neomi Rao's defenders were quick to push back on this point and  argued that my criticisms of her center's work was stifling their  academic inquiry. They pointed to the center's research roundtables and  public policy conferences as evidence of its fair and independent  academic bona fides.   Sorry, but it is tough to buy when, in one private fundraising email,  Dean Butler was revealed to have asked one wealthy donor for a $1.5  million gift ``to entice Neomi [Rao] to return home to Scalia Law after  she dismantles the administrative state.''   Tell me, who is the real threat to academic inquiry here?   Perhaps more to the point, now that she is a judge: Who is a present  threat to judicial independence on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals?   Fancy lunches and weird, cozy relationships between public law school  deans and DC power brokers can seem a bit in the weeds, so let's not  lose sight of the bigger picture here. This stuff matters because  Americans are now seeing their courts fill with judges, like Neomi Rao,  who are expected and chosen to reliably rule for big corporate and  Republican partisan special interests--the ones funding the Federalist  Society's selection of these judges, the ones funding the Judicial  Crisis Network's confirmation of these judges, the ones funding Amici,  the front group Amici that shows up to argue in court.   I recently looked at the numbers for the Federalist Society-dominated  Supreme Court. Under Chief Justice Roberts' tenure, through the end of  the October term of 2017 to 2018, Republican appointees delivered  partisan 5-to-4 rulings that favored corporate or Republican partisan  special interests, not three or four times, not even a dozen or two  dozen times, but 73 times. If you look at the Court's cases during  Chief Justice Roberts' tenure and look at the 5-to-4 decisions and look  at the 5-to-4 decisions wherein the breakdown between the five and the  four was partisan and look at those 5-to-4 partisan decisions, for the  ones in which there was a clearly apparent, big Republican donor  interest, you will find that every single one of those 73 decisions was  won--was decided--in favor of the big Republican donor interest. There  were 73 victories delivered for big Republican interests with there  being no Democratic appointee who joined the majority.   Here is one case study--a recent decision after the 73. It is Lamps  Plus v. Varela. The plaintiff, Frank Varela, sued his employer, Lamps  Plus, after a company data breach led to a fraudulent tax return being  filed in his name. An appellate court looked at the case and relied on  a State contract principle to agree with plaintiff Varela. That is a  traditionally conservative principle--deferring to State laws. Along  came the Supreme Court in this case, and it ditched the conservative  principle to rule in favor of the corporation in a 5-to-4 partisan  decision.   There is another case study pending before the Court now--Kisor v.  Wilkie. On its face, Kisor addresses an obscure administrative law  doctrine about judicial deference to Federal Agencies, but Kisor has  been described as a ``stalking horse for much larger game.'' The larger  purpose is to strip away judicial deference to administrative Agencies'  capacity to regulate independently in the public's interest.   You have to understand that if you are a mighty corporation, you come  to an administrative Agency from a position of terrific advantage  ordinarily, and where administrative Agencies are willing to stand up,  that is important, but if you can get your judges on a court and strip  away that deference, now you can put the fix in through the courts.   Imagine a world in which Federal Agencies get virtually no judicial  deference and in which Leonard Leo's special interest, handpicked  judges rule on Americans' disputes with big corporations. If these big  special interests are sick of protections for workers in the workplace,  let the judges get rid of them. Dismantle the administrative state. If  a big special interest is sick of safeguards for our air and water or  dangers in toys our children play with, dismantle the administrative  state. Tear down the safety regulations. They will have the judges to  do that. If corporations are sick of a guardrail that keeps our  financial system from dragging down millions of Americans' financial  security, these judges stand ready to dismantle the administrative  state that protects investors.   Leonard Leo's dark Federalist Society element is installing judges  who are poised to systematically and relentlessly dismantle government  Agencies that are sworn to keep us safe and secure.   How do you push back on this machine wherein the big-money special  interests select a nominee by contributing to the Federalist Society  and Leonard Leo's secretive judicial lists and judge-picking process?  They spend money campaigning for their selected judge's confirmation  through the Judicial Crisis Network. They then spend money through  amicus briefs and argue before the judges on whom they have spent money  to select and confirm. Sure enough--bingo--it is 73 to 0 in the  important decisions in which they can get the Republican appointees to  gang up in a group of five and deliver and deliver for the interests of  the center of this, which you can't properly identify because it is not  transparent.   The Federalist Society doesn't disclose its donors. The Judicial  Crisis Network doesn't disclose its donors. The Supreme Court rule  doesn't get at who the real donors are to this phony front group,  Amici. You find out later on who the winners are--73 to nothing.   How do you push back on that machine? You push back with sunlight,  with transparency. We must have transparency in our campaign finance  system. We must have transparency in this special interest conveyor  belt that is filling our courts. We should also have transparency in  the courts. Right now, the dark money-funded front groups behind  Leonard Leo and behind the Federalist Society's judge-picking operation  are probably also behind those amicus briefs. With a little  transparency, we would know. It is through these amicus briefs that the  judges who were selected and confirmed by these folks get instructed on  how they should rule. This is a recipe for corruption.   The Court itself should require real transparency from so-called  friends of the Court. These amicus groups come in under a Supreme Court  rule. The Supreme Court rule only requires them to disclose who paid  for the brief. Yet who is really behind the group? We don't know. The  Supreme Court could correct that. It could correct it like that, but  then it would start to expose who is here.   If the Court will not, Congress must. Democracy dies in darkness, it  has been said, and so does judicial independence. The American people  deserve to know when powerful special interests are paying to sway  Federal judges with self-serving legal advice. If those same interests  paid to get those judges selected and paid to campaign for their  confirmations and then paid to have the amicus briefs put before the  Court, the need for the American people to understand what is going on  becomes even more profound.   I close with a big thank-you to the Washington Post for its  reporting. Thanks to its careful investigative work of its pouring  through tax records and interviews, we now know a lot  [[Page S3035]]  more about the Federalist Society's court-fixing operation.   Our President likes to describe investigative journalism that pokes  and probes at the mischief of his administration as fake news. There is  nothing fake about this news. This is in the best traditions of  investigative journalism, and I am grateful for its work to illustrate  how our courts are being captured by corporations and runaway  partisanship that is fueled by dark money.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   