 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  vote be extended until 4:30 p.m.    Madam President, I am delighted to join my colleagues  from Maryland and Delaware to support this resolution expressing  disapproval of the Trump administration rescinding the Clean Power Plan  and replacing it with its so-called affordable clean energy rule, which  is a name fanciful enough to make George Orwell blush.   The first thing to understand about the so-called affordable clean  energy rule is that it is a do-nothing rule, exactly as the polluters  wish. EPA admits its own rule would do virtually zero to reduce carbon  pollution. It requires zero emissions reductions at natural gas-fired  powerplants, and it would allow coal-fired powerplants to make minor  efficiency improvements and then run for longer hours. That could  actually lead to an increase in carbon pollution.   This rule is designed to fool people into thinking that the Trump  administration is obeying the Clean Air Act, but no one should be  fooled.   From the get-go, the Trump administration made clear it didn't care  about cutting carbon pollution, fighting climate change, or protecting  the environment or public health. It cared about obeying the fossil  fuel industry, not the law.  [[Page S5825]]    Within weeks of taking office, Trump's swampy Cabinet rolled out the  red carpet for coal baron Bob Murray, who had an action plan for the  administration. Here is Murray with Energy Secretary Perry, and look  who is accompanying Murray at the meeting, our EPA Administrator,  Andrew Wheeler, then Murray's lobbyist. It looks like a friendly  meeting, and why wouldn't it be? Look at that, such a nice big hug.  Isn't that sweet?   Murray was the major financial backer of the Trump administration,  and this was his payback time. Individuals associated with Murray  Energy were the largest source of donations to Donald Trump's  Presidential campaign, and Murray himself chipped in a cool 300 grand  for Trump's inaugural festivities. Murray was also one of the largest  donors to election spending groups associated with disgraced EPA  Administrator Scott Pruitt, under whose tenure this botched ACE rule  began.   So what was the first item on Bob Murray's action plan? To get rid of  the Clean Power Plan. Bob Murray wasn't the only one who wanted to  scrap the Clean Power Plan. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the  National Association of Manufacturers, two of the largest and most  powerful trade associations in Washington, also asked the EPA to scrap  the Clean Power Plan. That is no surprise. The independent watchdog  group InfluenceMap found the chamber and NAM the two worst obstructers  of climate action. They will not reveal their donors, but I believe  they took lots of money from the fossil fuel industry and became its  mouthpiece. They got paid, and this was the play.   The chamber and NAM were also aligned with shadowy fossil fuel  industry front groups like the so-called Utility Air Regulatory Group  and the American Council for Clean Coal Electricity--more Orwellian  names. These groups also asked the EPA to scrap the Clean Power Plan  and replace it with this toothless rule.   Is that unsavory enough? It gets worse. Guess who represented UARG,  that Utility Air Regulatory Group. It was none other than fossil fuel  industry stooge Bill Wehrum, who helped orchestrate a web of front  groups, like UARG, which obscured and multiplied the influence of  Wehrum's polluter clients--clients responsible for massive carbon  pollution.   Naturally, Trump put this guy in as head of EPA's Air Office. Before  Wehrum headed for the exits this summer, Murray's man Wheeler praised  Wehrum for ``tremendous progress'' in repealing climate regulations.  Pruitt to Wheeler to Wehrum--this is rank fossil fuel crookedness in  plain view.   Several of us submitted comments laying out the financial and  professional connections between the Trump officials who developed this  bogus rule and the fossil fuel industry that asked for it. Those  comments are posted online and in the Federal Register. I urge you to  have a look. Also available online is a report I did with Senator  Carper detailing Wehrum's industry ties and conflicts of interest.  Median.com/@senwhitehouse will link you to all of this.   The crony capture of EPA is not the only problem with the rule. The  industry is so greedy and its hacks are so clumsy that they don't  bother to align the rule with the scientific and economic evidence.   In court, Agency actions will be found to be arbitrary and  capricious--and therefore invalid--if they are not the product of  reasoned decision making.   In this case, it is clear that the EPA ignored the science, ignored  the economics, and produced exactly what the fossil fuel industry told  it to do: a do-nothing rule that took good care of the coal and natural  gas industries.   What does the science tell us? According to the world's best  scientific report, if we reduce carbon pollution by roughly half by  around 2030 and reach net zero emissions sometime around the middle of  the century, we stand a chance to hold the global average temperature  increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius.   Our own best scientists warn that if we don't limit carbon pollution,  we will be hit with economic losses in the hundreds of billions of  dollars per year by the end of the century. Legions of economists,  investment banks, asset managers, central banks, credit rating  agencies, and other experts warn of serious economic risks from climate  upheaval. Here is a summary of just some of these warnings, which I  have delivered to every colleague in the Senate. That, too, can be  found on that Medium page.   Pruitt, Wehrum, and Wheeler ignored all of this for their do-nothing  rule. The only voice that mattered was the polluter industry that they  came from and will go back to in an oil-greased revolving door. This  ACE rule is the exact opposite of reasoned decision making. But that  was never the point. The fix was in. Even a bogus rule that courts  throw out buys this crooked and corrupting industry time--time to keep  polluting, time to burn through reserves, and time to use its political  muscle to fend off action here in the Senate. If you are in the  fiddling business and fiddle for money, fiddling while Rome burns is a  fine economic proposition for you.   The Supreme Court has ruled that greenhouse gases are pollutants  under the Clean Air Act. The EPA has found that greenhouse gases from  powerplants endanger human health and welfare. Those determinations  mean the EPA must limit carbon pollution, consistent with the law. This  masquerade of a rule fails to do this, so it must be replaced with  something effective, as a matter of law.   I ask colleagues to think carefully about their vote on this  resolution. Do you want to endorse this record of obvious industry  capture? Do you want to side with this corrupting industry over your  own constituents' health and safety? Do you want to go on record  ignoring all the warnings from the Bank of England, from Freddie Mac,  from Nobel Prize-winning economists, and from hundreds of our own  government's most knowledgeable experts?   The fossil fuel industry--its voice full of money, as F. Scott  Fitzgerald might say--has drowned out the voices of everyone else for  too long here. But you can't shout down the laws of physics. You can't  shout down the laws of biology, chemistry, and economics. Those laws  will have their way, and we have been well warned. So, please, let's  turn the corner to a brighter day where decency rules, not industry  political thuggery; a brighter day where facts and science matter more  than dark money and paid-for denial; and a brighter day where we don't  give our grandchildren daily cause for shame. It is time to wake up,  and this vote is a chance to do so.   I yield the floor.   