 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment on behalf of all the children and  families across our Nation who have been impacted by the harmful  effects of PFAS contamination.   As of August 2017, the Department of Defense identified over 400  Active and BRAC installations in the United States where there ``is a  known or suspected release of PFOS/PFOA.''   The Environmental Working Group estimates that 475 industrial  facilities may be discharging PFAS directly into bodies of water, some  of which are used as a drinking water source. It also estimates that  more than 100 million Americans may be drinking PFAS-tainted water.   This should be concerning to all of us because science has linked  PFAS with developmental delays for children and serious health  conditions, including cancer, immune system disorders, and thyroid  problems.   To date, however, the EPA has yet to act to set standards under the  Clean Water Act. That is why this amendment is needed.   In my home district in New Hampshire, we are grappling with this  issue in a number of communities. In the town of Merrimack, industrial  pollution from a manufacturer has contaminated drinking water that  thousands relied on. At Pease Air Force Base on the seacoast, PFAS  chemicals have been used by the military for decades and have been  detected in the surrounding environment as well as private and  municipal wells.   My constituents have become far too familiar with the impacts of  living in communities where these toxic chemicals are present. This is  more than just a matter of tests, data sets, and parts per trillion in  the abstract. The burdens of these chemicals are carried by real  people. I hear their stories firsthand.   A woman who has taken an active role on the front lines of this fight  and who contacted my office recently  [[Page H5642]]  worked at Pease Air Force Base for almost 10 years. Her son was exposed  to PFAS prenatally and for 5 years while attending preschool and  kindergarten by drinking water from an affected well. He was sick often  as a child, and his mother has ongoing concerns about his health and  immune system stemming from that early exposure. Not only is her family  dealing with these physical impacts, they are dealing with the  uncertainty and lingering questions about the facts and difficulty with  testing and diagnosis, and they are left to wonder if and when things  may get worse.   It is for reasons like this that I have been committed to advocating  for families like these in my district and why I have joined the  bipartisan PFAS task force to help come up with solutions.   While there are countless questions we must answer, due to the  relentless work of advocates, community leaders, and concerned  citizens, the all too pervasive issue of PFAS contamination has been  brought to light.   The dedicated work of family, friends, and neighbors banding together  to ask questions and demand answers has been critical, but it is time  for much more than just that. It is time for us in Congress to take  long-overdue action. It is time for us to push for stronger standards,  invest in cleanup, and improve protections for those who have suffered  from the effects of contamination.   Today, with the support of my colleagues, we can do just that. This  amendment takes a critical step in holding polluters accountable and  establishing proactive limits for PFAS discharge as we work to curtail  contamination and support families who have been exposed.   By adding PFAS to the Clean Water Act's list of toxic pollutants and  requiring EPA to set standards for discharges into our Nation's waters,  we are providing the EPA with the additional tools it needs to tackle  these toxic chemicals.   There is nothing more important than safeguarding the health and  well-being of our communities.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for the adoption of this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, to close, I think it is critical that we give  EPA the ability to set standards that are reasonable for PFAS that  would protect public health.   In passing this amendment, we can ensure that our government can meet  its most basic guaranty: that everyone--servicemembers, their families,  and civilians, alike--can have confidence that the water we drink, the  natural environment all around us, is clean and safe. This amendment  will ensure EPA sets standards for these toxic pollutants to protect  public health and the safety of all Americans. It is beyond time for us  and Congress to act to take serious action on PFAS, and I urge adoption  of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   