 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, as my colleague has noted, earthquakes strike without  warning and result in potentially catastrophic casualties and massive  damage to buildings and infrastructure.   As was seen in Japan 8 years ago, earthquakes in the coastal regions  such as the Pacific Northwest can be followed by devastating tsunamis  with huge loss of life. They can't be prevented, but they impact life,  property, and our economy. What we can do is warn our citizens of that  threat.   H.R. 876, the Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2019,  directs FEMA to plan the development of an earthquake early warning  system, not unlike that in Japan, for the Cascadia subduction zone. The  bill directs the President to establish an earthquake and tsunami task  force to develop a comprehensive strategy and recommendations on how to  prepare and plan for seismic events.   Good planning and preparedness can save lives and property, and this  legislation will help us to prepare for, mitigate against, and respond  to disasters along the Cascadia subduction zone.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I support  the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I join my colleague in support of H.R. 866, which  provides that federally managed buildings or federally owned buildings  open to the public nursing rooms that are available.   The bill would apply to buildings that are already open to the public  and which have nursing rooms for employees yet somehow do not manage to  provide those to the general public, and they should. The requirements  would not apply if the existing space cannot feasibly be opened.   As the gentlewoman notes, it does not create additional cost.   The legislation passed the House last Congress by voice vote and, if  enacted, will help visiting mothers to our facilities in both the  capital here and throughout the Nation.   Madam Speaker, I urge support for this legislation, and I urge the  Senate to finally take up this legislation. To move it forward, I join  my colleague in saying that it is about time that we open up the  nursing rooms in Federal facilities to the general public in support of  the care of newborns and young children.   Madam Speaker, I have no remaining speakers, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, this bill would improve safety and transparency for  our Nation's railroads. Our constituents expect no less, by the way.   It requires notification of proper congressional committees and  Members of Congress of the initiation of certain safety assessments for  passenger railroads and rail transit agencies. Further, upon completion  of those safety assessments, the bill requires the Federal Railroad  Administration's findings and recommendations be submitted to the  proper committees and all affected Members of Congress.   Rail safety is critical to our Nation. When the FRA begins an in- depth safety assessment of a railroad, it means the agency has  identified a significant and serious safety problem. Our constituents  expect us to be advised of that, and, in fact, to keep them informed.   It is important that the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee  and affected Members be notified timely both that the investigation is  underway and what the agency found as a result of it. Doing so can only  help improve the safety of our passenger and commuter railroads, as  well as keep our constituents informed.   The bill passed the committee and the House last year unanimously. I  certainly hope we can get the Senate to give it considerable concern. I  thank my colleague, Mr. Sires, for his hard work on this legislation,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers. I reserve  the balance of my time to close.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  bill. I urge the Senate to move forward, and I yield back the balance  of my time   