 Mr. Speaker, today, I am especially proud to rise in  support of a bill that has been worked on very hard.   I want to first thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry;  of course, my colleague, the chair of the Subcommittee on Investor  Protection, Entrepreneurship, and Capital Markets, Carolyn Maloney;  Chairwoman Beatty; and, of course, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs.  Wagner) for all of their support in working to pull this bill together,  the Improving Corporate Governance Through Diversity Act of 2019.   This legislation is the culmination of years of methodical work and  the continuation of priorities dating back to our Wall Street reform  work following the financial crisis. Indeed, as my colleagues who were  here in Congress in 2009 and 2010 will remember well, many of us, in  the wake of the financial crisis, were vocal about how the lack of  diversity and inclusion across corporate America and, in particular, at  senior levels and on boards of financial institutions helped contribute  to the financial crisis.    Corporate America should reflect the diversity of the markets they  seek to serve. This is the right thing to do and the smart business  decision to make.   H.R. 5084, the Improving Corporate Governance Through Diversity Act,  focuses on disclosures and transparency. I firmly believe that  transparency is the first step to accountability.   Specifically, the bill does the following.  [[Page H8929]]    Public companies will be required to publish diversity data annually  in their proxy statements, based on voluntary self-identification, on  the racial, ethnic, and gender composition of their board of directors,  the nominees for the board of directors, and executive officers.  Similarly, companies will publish data on those who voluntarily self- identified as veterans. Public companies will also have disclosure  requirements on the adoption of any board policy, plan, or strategy to  promote diversity.   The bill directs the Director of the Office of Minority and Women  Inclusion of the SEC to publish, every 3 years, best practices for  compliance with the disclosure requirements of this bill, including  Federal solicitation of public comments. The bill also directs the  Office of Minority and Women Inclusion to establish an advisory  council, which includes issuers and investors, to advise on these best  practices.   This is a simple, effective, and impactful bill that, through  transparency and reporting, informs markets, investors, and employees  about the status of diversity and inclusion across corporate America.   This bill has earned support that is very broad, from civil rights  groups, such as the NAACP and the National Urban League, as well as  from the Chamber of Commerce, the Council of Institutional Investors,  and LPL Financial, the Nation's largest independent broker-dealer.   It is rare for a bill to have such broad support from civil rights  groups, corporate America, and the investment community, but this broad  support is evidence of the urgency and commonsense nature of this  legislation. This bill will also gain the support of many of our  Republican colleagues across the aisle, both in the committee and here  on the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I ask, therefore, that all Members vote in support of  this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4634, the  Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019.   Mr. Speaker, let me take my hat off to Chairwoman Waters and Ranking  Member McHenry for working closely together to make sure that this is a  bipartisan bill, bringing us all together in that regard, as well as  the other chairs of the subcommittees that worked very hard on this  bill.   Terrorism risk remains real and present. It is a present risk.   This is especially true for my beloved city of New York, which  terrorists seek to target not only for its large population and notable  landmarks but also because they seek to disrupt the New York capital  markets, which are the financial nervous system of America and the  world.   In October, I had the privilege to participate in a New York Police  Department counterterrorism unit briefing on the continuing terrorism  threats to New York City. There have been dozens of foiled plots and a  handful of realized attacks. We cannot let our guard down.   TRIA deserves, and in the House has won, broad bipartisan support.  [[Page H8936]]    Companies and residents of cities and States that are at risk of  terrorism urgently need Congress to finalize passage of a clean, long- term reauthorization of TRIA to provide the certainty that they need  for long-term planning. That is exactly what the chair and ranking  member have worked so hard to accomplish.   As we consider this legislation, it is critical to keep in mind that  terrorism insurance is a covenant in many business and real estate  loans and contracts. As such, as we saw after the 9/11 attacks on New  York, any lapse risks triggering defaults or freezing commerce and  housing markets.   Capital markets and insurance policies are typically written on long- term contracts, so new insurance policies are already being written  today that extend beyond the potential expiration date of the current  TRIA authorization.   As we look at the U.S. economy, we must make sure to not allow any  lapse in TRIA, which could exacerbate a slowdown by freezing funding in  the real estate market and funding to business and markets considered  most at risk, such as in New York.   Mr. Speaker, I close by simply saying, as I started, to the  chairwoman, who relentlessly worked together with Mr. McHenry to make  sure that this is a bill that we could work closely together on,  because this is a bill that benefits all of us in the United States of  America, that that job is a job well done, and I thank the chair and  ranking member very much for pulling us together and getting this bill  across the finish line.   