 Mr. President, first of all, let me acknowledge my friend  and colleague and the chairman of my committee, Richard Burr, for his  great work. I am going to talk about him in a moment. I do hope the  Record captured the nice things he said about me. Usually, he  characterizes me in a different way, but I am grateful for his comments  today.   I rise today in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2020, which includes the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew  Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018,  2019, and 2020. Congressional passage of the Intelligence Authorization  Act provides support for our Nation's critical intelligence programs  and ensures that the hard-working men and women in the intelligence  community have the authorities and resources they need to defend our  Nation. It also improves the oversight of our Nation's 17 intelligence  agencies, which operate around the globe.   Before I get into the specifics, I want to note that this important  bill is the product of bipartisan work made possible by Chairman Burr's  leadership. It was thanks to the chairman's leadership that the IAA was  unanimously passed by the committee in May and included as part of the  Senate's National Defense Authorization Act in June.   I also want to take this opportunity to thank my friends on the  Senate Armed Services Committee, especially the Senators from Oklahoma  and Rhode Island, Senator Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed. Robust  intelligence supports our soldiers and military operations. So I thank  them for allowing the IAA to be considered along with the Defense  authorization bill.  [[Page S7042]]    As vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I am proud of  several provisions within the IAA, particularly those aimed at tackling  the technological threats from China, bolstering intelligence security  against foreign malign influence, and enhancing whistleblower processes  to protect the brave individuals who come forward to report waste,  fraud, abuse, and other malfeasance.   Beyond these provisions, I want to highlight a few others that I  believe will have a real impact on our Nation's security and the  individuals serving in the IC.   First, as the chairman has already mentioned, there is paid parental  leave. The National Defense Authorization Act includes a landmark  provision that grants 12 weeks of paid parental leave for government  employees. This builds upon the original bipartisan provision included  in the Senate-passed IAA, which gave 12 weeks of paid parental leave to  IC personnel, including adoptive and foster parents. This important  provision will help to recruit and retain top talent across the  government, including within the IC.   Frankly, this is a vital step forward for families across the Nation,  and I am glad that our committee helped to lay the groundwork for this  milestone achievement.   Next, deterring foreign interference in our elections. The IAA  includes a number of provisions that are particularly important as we  enter a Presidential election year. These include measures to deter  foreign interference, including increased sharing of information  between State, local, and Federal officials. It also creates an  independent Social Media Data and Threat Analysis Center to counter  foreign propaganda. Additionally, it includes provisions to counter the  use of ``deepfakes'' and other emerging technologies by our  adversaries.   Next, there are security clearance reforms. Additionally, the IAA  includes several provisions to modernize the government's outdated  security clearance process. The bill advances reforms that will make  the system simpler and more transparent. It will capitalize on advanced  technology and reflect the demand of today's mobile workforce. It calls  for specific plans to reduce the background investigation and  adjudication backlogs and to improve information sharing, so that only  the folks who deserve a clearance can have one. These provisions are  critically important to the government and our industry partners in  maintaining a trusted and agile workforce.    The next provision is the creation of a public-private talent  exchange. Finally, I want to highlight a provision that creates this IC  public-private talent exchange. This exchange will allow employees to  move between the public and private sectors more readily, broadening  the expertise perspective of our workforce, because, frankly, solving  the complex problems facing our government today requires robust  partnership with industry.   The IAA also contains provisions on the security risks posed by  climate change, 5G, and hostile foreign intelligence services, to name  just a few.   Before I conclude, I thank my friend the chairman, Richard Burr, as  well as the hard-working bipartisan staff of the Intelligence  Committee, without whose work this achievement certainly would not have  been possible. I am proud of the work we have done. I am proud of the  fact that this may be the only major authorization bill that, in a  committee, received unanimous support, and I hope it bodes well for  future cooperation going forward.   Before I yield the floor, let me acknowledge a great member of our  committee, the Senator from Maine, who was absolutely central to the  successful conclusion of this legislation.   I yield the floor.   