 Madam President, this afternoon, I rise to urge my  colleagues here in the U.S. Senate to support the pending cloture  motion on H.R. 3055 so we can get the appropriations process moving. It  is already day 22 of the current fiscal year. The entire Federal  Government, as you know, is now operating under a continuing  resolution, and in less than a month, that continuing resolution will  expire.   By this time last year, Congress had already funded 75 percent of the  government, including America's military. It was the first time in 10  years that Congress had funded the military on time. That success paid  huge dividends for our country and for our men and women in uniform.  Now, they face an uncertain future. The prospect of serial continuing  resolutions or, worse, another government shutdown casts a dark shadow  over our previous success. Such uncertainty also wreaks havoc on every  Federal agency's abilities to plan, and it is acute when it comes to  the military.   As our military leaders seek to ensure that planning and operations  keep pace with activities and challenges around the globe, they are  faced with the hard reality that Congress is not keeping pace with our  own duties here. Congress' failure to do its own job makes that of the  military all the more difficult in this troubled world. I believe that  is unacceptable.   Nonetheless, we have hit a stalemate in the appropriations process  lately. The clock is ticking on the continuing resolution, as I said,  and we have to break through the logjam. I hope we can do it today. The  only way to do that is through bipartisan cooperation, as the Presiding  Officer knows, as a member of the Appropriations Committee and chair of  a very important subcommittee.   The vice chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee, my good friend,  Senator Leahy, a Democrat from Vermont, suggested that the Senate  proceed first to a package of domestic spending bills to try to break  the stalemate. This is what we are trying to do today. In an effort to  demonstrate good faith and get off the dime, that is what we are  hopefully going to do later today.   I want to take a minute to thank Senator Leahy for proposing a path  forward out of our stall. I would also just like to emphasize to all my  colleagues that this path leads to success if it ends with Congress  funding the entire government, not just part of it. We have a lot of  work to do, but we can do it. We have also before us the opportunity to  get it done, so this is where we pick up today.   Last month, the Appropriations Committee, as the Chair knows,  reported 10 bills to the full Senate. If we are able to proceed to H.R.  3055, it is my intention here on the floor to offer a substitute  amendment that includes four of these bills that we passed out of the  committee, each of which passed unanimously in a bipartisan way. What  are those bills, and what do they fund? The Commerce Department, the  Justice Department, Science bill--we call it Commerce, Justice, and  Science--the Agriculture bill, the Interior bill, and the  Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development bill.   I want to take a minute to thank the chairs of these subcommittees  for their diligence in producing balanced bills: Senator Moran, Senator  Hoeven, Senator Murkowski, and Senator Collins. I also want to thank  their respective ranking members, the Democrats, for their bipartisan  cooperation here: Senator Shaheen, Senator Merkley, Senator Udall, and  Senator Reed.   Together, these four measures before us today account for nearly one- third--one-third--of all nondefense discretionary spending. Consistent  with the bipartisan budget agreement, they contain no new poison pills,  and I would caution my colleagues on both sides of the aisle against  pursuing poison pill amendments if we are able to proceed today. If we  are to make any progress on the 2020 appropriations bills, I think we  must be true to our commitment, enshrined in terms of the budget  agreement, to refrain from such provisions to move the process.   I would also like to move this package through regular order so we  can return quickly to a second package that the majority leader spoke  to us at lunch today about that funds the military and many more other  agencies. There is simply no excuse for further delay.   With all that we ask for our military, with all the challenges it  already faces, with all the additional uncertainties that stopgap  funding creates, and with all that has been said recently about the  need to support our allies and counter our adversaries around the  world, I hope that our colleagues will not say to our men and women in  uniform: We will get to you later.  [[Page S5945]]    We should instead capitalize on the good will that we are trying to  generate in this first package on appropriations by immediately moving  to the next one that funds the military and so many other agencies.   This process only works if we work together in a bipartisan way, as  Madam President knows. Let's work together this afternoon, and let's do  our job so we can move forward for the American people. I think we  should not leave our military and others to think that the government  is in limbo any longer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I call up the substitute amendment No.  948.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be dispensed with.   