 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in the midst of all of the historic  and profoundly significant events happening these days in Congress,  there may be a temptation to overlook some of the judicial nominations  that are coming to the floor of the Senate, some of them almost a  caricature of the unqualified nominees that we have seen all too often.  One is before us today, Lawrence VanDyke, who has been nominated to the  Ninth Circuit.   Over the past 3 years, we have watched the Trump administration march  ceaselessly to degrade the judiciary. Yet, even in having witnessed  this travesty firsthand, I find Mr. VanDyke's nomination truly  astonishing and alarming. Once again, we are faced with a nominee who  lacks the support of his home State Senators, who is not even from the  State for which this seat is designated, and who was rated ``not  qualified'' by the American Bar Association. That is a pretty tough set  of qualifications--or lack of them--to match, but Lawrence VanDyke has  done it.   These departures from bedrock principles that once guided the  exercise of the Senate's constitutional duty to advise and consent  should disturb all of us, but even more disturbing is Mr. VanDyke's  record as an unrelenting ideologue who has spent his entire legal  career promoting an extreme political agenda. Unfortunately, that is  exactly what we can expect of him if he is confirmed to the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals. That ideological, rightwing, extremist image  and record are exactly why he has been nominated by the President, who  has outsourced many of these decisions about nominations to the far- right groups that he feels, evidently, he has to follow.   Mr. VanDyke has already made it abundantly clear how he will rule on  gun violence prevention issues. In an NRA questionnaire that he  completed when he ran for the Montana Supreme Court in 2014, Mr.  VanDyke stated that he would not support any legislation that would  regulate firearms and ammunition; any restrictions on the possession,  ownership, purchase, sale, or transfer of semiautomatic firearms; or  legislation mandating the use of locking devices and safe storage  procedures.   There are currently bills before Congress that would do each of these  things. I should know, for I sponsored them. None of these proposals-- none--would get a fair hearing in Mr. VanDyke's court. That  predilection never disavowed, never refuted, never denied should be  disqualifying.   Worse still, in the same questionnaire, Mr. VanDyke stated that the  only reason he was not currently a member of the NRA was that he didn't  ``want to risk recusal if a lawsuit came before me where the NRA was  involved.'' In other words, he would join the NRA; he supports the NRA;  he feels like he should be a member of the NRA; and he wants to rule in  favor of the NRA, but he might have to recuse himself if he were to  join the NRA. That statement alone should be disqualifying.   Remember, we are talking about a life-tenured position on the Federal  judiciary, not just for a few years. This is not an elected position on  a State court. This is a Federal nomination to the second highest,  appellate-level court in the United States, second only to the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Mr. VanDyke's hostility to commonsense gun violence prevention also  led him to challenge a law passed by the voters of a State he was  charged with serving. In 2016--now we are talking about Nevada, not  Montana--the voters of Nevada approved a ballot measure to expand  background checks to cover the private sale of firearms. This closed a  critical loophole in that State's laws. I have repeatedly emphasized  that we must address this loophole at the Federal level. Nevada  addressed it at the State level, but Mr. VanDyke, who was at the time  that State's solicitor general, took the very unusual step of working  to undermine the voter-approved law.   Meanwhile, when he worked for the Montana attorney general, he was  all too happy to defend an extreme and poorly drafted State law that  sought to exempt from all Federal regulation the firearms and  ammunition that were made in Montana. Don't take my word for it, as  Yogi Berra said. You can look it up. Mr. VanDyke himself stated in an  email to the Federalist Society that this statute was ``ill-advised''  and that he could not come up with ``any plausible (much less good  arguments)'' to  [[Page S6936]]  defend that State's law. That didn't stop Mr. VanDyke from defending  the law nor did it stop the Federalist Society from providing him with  the help he had requested in contriving arguments and concocting ill- founded claims to support the law.   When Mr. VanDyke wants a particular outcome but can't figure it out  himself or he can't find the legal path to it, he turns to the  Federalist Society for answers. There is no great mystery here about  how he will act when he is faced with similar situations if he is  confirmed as a judge for the Federal Court of Appeals for the Ninth  Circuit.   Unfortunately, Mr. VanDyke's promotion of the NRA's extreme positions  is far from the only plank of his far-right agenda. He has made many  statements that are hostile to LGBTQ rights, including questioning the  ability of gay parents to raise children and suggesting that protecting  LGBTQ rights is an affront to religious liberty. He has fought  tirelessly to uphold State bans on gay marriage, and he has fought to  allow discrimination against LGBTQ people in public accommodations. His  open hostility to LGBTQ people was one of the main reasons the ABA  rated him ``not qualified.'' Not only is it clear how he would rule on  issues relating to those rights, but the ABA was not even confident  that he could treat LGBTQ litigants fairly regardless of the issue  before him. That is disqualifying.   Mr. VanDyke is also an ideologue on reproductive rights issues. His  adherence to his extremist positions against women's healthcare and  reproductive rights has blinded him to the need about these rights. In  2013, he signed an amicus brief that stated: ``A growing body of  scientific literature shows that a fetus can suffer physical pain at  20-weeks' gestation.'' That view was rejected emphatically by the  American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which felt  compelled to put out a statement that laid this dangerous ``fetal  pain'' myth to rest.   Whether he cannot tell the difference between fact and fiction or  simply feels comfortable misleading the court, this kind of behavior is  disturbing for a Federal judicial nominee. Ordinarily, this kind of  indifference to the truth would be disqualifying for a Federal nominee.  Ordinarily, blind adherence to ideology would be disqualifying for any  nominee to an important position of trust and respect. Ordinarily, the  fact that a nominee is unqualified would be disqualifying itself. Yet,  for Mr. Trump, these are not disqualifying flaws. They are, in fact,  the reasons for his nomination.   So let's send the White House a message that we will insist on  qualified nominees. They may have views that are different from ours,  but they should be qualified to hold these lifetime positions of trust  on our Nation's highest courts. I hope that we will reject Mr.  VanDyke's nomination.   I yield the floor.   