 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  tonight in  [[Page H5988]]  bringing an opportunity for us to speak on the floor of the House of  Representatives on an issue that is front and center for most of the  American people. It is, by far, the number one issue that the American  people care about. I can particularly speak to the people of Texas, who  are bearing the brunt of the failed border security, the failed  immigration policies of the Federal Government.   I had the opportunity to visit an ICE detention facility in Aurora,  Colorado, this past Saturday. I was out in Denver for a Western  Conservative Summit. I was visiting family members, and I saw this  terrible story of individuals rushing the ICE facility in Aurora,  Colorado, and taking down the American flag, defacing the American  flag, then raising the Mexican flag.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's question. I think  it is an important question.   To take down the American flag, deface the American flag with the  words ``abolish ICE,'' to turn it upside down and re-raise it; to  raise, then, the Mexican flag alongside of it over this ICE detention  facility, I went there the day after this occurred. I met with the  individuals running this facility, both ICE as well as the private  individuals, GEO, that were running it.   What did I find in the facility? It is a detention facility that  houses 1,200 individuals. It was clean.   There were doctors' offices. There was medicine.   There were ping-pong tables.   There were iPads to watch news in home countries.   There were televisions.   There were video game stations.   There were three square meals.   There were clean bunk beds.   There were people from 57 countries. Only 29 percent of the people in  there are from Mexico.   Traditionally, this ICE facility has 80 percent of its occupants  coming from individuals who are brought in there from interior  enforcement, usually violent criminals or people who have violated our  laws other than immigration laws, and 80 percent are usually of that  population.   Now, 80 percent of that is from people who are flooding across our  border, overwhelming Border Patrol. ICE has no beds, no place to put  these individuals who have violated our laws. As a result, you see  the overcrowding in the Border Patrol facilities.    My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have, for months on end,  been refusing to acknowledge that there is a border crisis, only  awakening in the last several weeks to finally acknowledge that there  is a crisis, to finally agree to pass only humanitarian aid, that is,  dollars to go to HHS, ORR to take in individuals, unaccompanied  children, to place them, but then restricting dollars for ICE.   Why? Because I think that the Democratic Caucus is run by four  members of the Caucus. I don't think there is a single Speaker. I think  there are four Speakers, and I think those four Speakers are deciding  the policy for the Democrat Party. I think, as a result, we saw  precisely what is happening. We have no resources for ICE--none.   We are vilifying ICE. We are vilifying Border Patrol. Speak to the  Border Patrol agents on the border who are holding the line defending  the United States of America while cartels have operational control of  our border, while the Gulf Cartel, the Reynoso faction, Los Zetas, the  Cartel de Noreste, the Sinaloas, they are using human beings for  profit. They are using children as tickets to sell access to the United  States.   Why are they doing that, and how are they doing that? My Democrat  colleagues know full well the answer to that, and they don't care. They  don't care that cartels are abusing our laws for profit, that they are  doing so in a way that violates children, violates women on the  journey, a third of whom are abused along the journey. And they do so  knowing that Border Patrol is overwhelmed and refuse to do anything  about it.   Now, what I want to know, and I don't know what my colleagues think  about this, but why is it that we have got about 1 week left before we  are going to adjourn for a 6-week recess, and yet my Democrat  colleagues are going to do nothing, nothing on the floor of this body,  the people's House, to address this calamitous situation, nothing to  provide the resources necessary for ICE, nothing to address the fact  that they only provided $200 million for ICE with restrictions on how  the money may be used?   When Barack Obama, former President, asked for $762 million for ICE  in the wake of the unaccompanied alien children who were coming in  2014--and this crisis is multiple times worse--what are my Democrat  colleagues going to do next week to solve this problem before they  leave for 6 weeks?   What are my Democrat colleagues going to do to save the little girls  and the women who are going to get abused in the next 6 weeks when  everybody adjourns for this body to go off to fundraisers and trips and  go back to their districts while our border is on fire?   What are my Democrat colleagues going to do? I will tell you what  they are going to do. Absolutely nothing, and it is an embarrassment.   It is an embarrassment to this body, the people's House, that we are  looking at a southern border that is being violated. We are looking at  a sovereignty of the United States being violated. We are looking at  little girls and women being violated by dangerous cartels. And my  Democrat colleagues would rather waste time on the floor of this body  with meaningless resolutions.   We spent time yesterday doing what? Taking down the words and having  a vote on words that were a result of a resolution against a tweet.  That is what this august body did yesterday. That is what they spent  their time doing.   Did they address the border crisis? No.   Are they going to address the border crisis next week? No. They are  going to send us into the August recess, barreling towards deficits  well over a trillion dollars, with people streaming across our border  in violation of our sovereignty to the detriment of our security, to  the detriment of the well-being of the migrants who seek to come here,  and they are going to do that, to go home and do absolutely nothing  about the problem.   So I would ask my colleagues: Are we going to allow this body to  adjourn next week? Are we going to leave the floor and go home for 6  weeks and allow that to continue to be the state of affairs at our  southern border?   I think this country deserves better. I think the migrants who seek  to come here deserve better.   I think we should sit down and roll up our sleeves and do the job the  American people sent us here to do: secure the border, balance the  budget, provide healthcare freedom, make sure our men and women have a  clear mission and the tools to do it, and get the hell out of the way  of the American people.   