 Mr. President, while my friend is still here on the floor,  he was absolutely correct when he pointed me out as saying that I have  long supported disasters, whatever State is involved, whether it is a  red State, blue State, or purple State. I believe in helping Americans.  We are all part of the United States of America.   I think we do waste time sometimes in having debates on things we  should not. For example, when the Republicans controlled the House of  Representatives and the Senate and we had a bill to keep our government  open and to fund part of the barriers along the Mexican border, both  the Senator and I voted the same way. We voted for the bill. It would  have given $1.4 billion that the Executive could use toward security.  The President threaten to vetoed that, saying it was not enough even  though the vast majority of Republicans and Democrats had voted for it  in the House and the Senate. So he shut down the government for 35  days, which caused unprecedented hurt to Americans of all political  persuasions all over this country. I believe the CBO said it cost the  country about $11 billion.   What did he then sign? The new bill we came up with, which had $1.3  billion. He rejected the bill the Republicans and Democrats had  supported that had $1.4 billion, shut down the government, ruined the  lives of many hundreds of thousands of Americans, cost our economy over  $10 billion, and then signed a bill to get $100 million less.   I worry we are in somewhat the same situation now. We seem to be  deciding which Americans are going to be helped based on a tweet. I  believe all Americans should be helped, and I voted for disaster relief  for the States of every Senator who is on the floor presently. I have  never asked what their priorities were or what their political  background was; if they had a disaster, I voted for it. I think it is  the responsibility of the Federal Government to stand with American  communities in crisis.   I praised Chairman Shelby and his staff for their efforts to move  this process forward. I know communities in Senator Shelby's State  recently experienced their own natural disaster. As vice chairman of  the Appropriations Committee, as a U.S. Senator, and as a Vermonter, I  am ready to stand with the people of Alabama because that is what we  Americans do.   When Tropical Storm Irene devastated my State in 2011, Members of  this body came to me not as Republicans or Democrats but as American  citizens eager to help their neighbor. When disasters have hit other  parts of the country, I have done exactly the same.   But now we should know that for more than 1 year, one of our  neighbors has been in crises. In 2017, Puerto Rico was hit by two back- to-back category 5 hurricanes. It is an almost unprecedented disaster-- two back-to-back category 5 hurricanes. At first, the administration  was saying: Well, there is only a handful of people who died. Well, it  turns out that we estimated that 2,975 Americans lost their lives. That  is one heck of a handful. Their homes were demolished. Their  communities were destroyed. This was more than 1 year ago.   Today, if you fly over Puerto Rico, the landscape will still be  specked with blue plastic tarps that serve as temporary roofs and  shelters. From the ground, you see that the wear and tear of a year and  a half has frayed that plastic. The boards haphazardly holding up these  plastic roofs have warped, and they appear ready to collapse.   The New York Times wrote a story on the 1-year anniversary of the  storms. The stories told are heartbreaking.   One woman, Martina Cruz Sanchez, described her hurried routine every  time it rains. First, she has to climb a ladder to where her roof used  to be before 100-plus-mile-an-hour winds ripped it off and scattered it  around the island. Then, using a hose, she has to manually siphon off  the accumulating puddles to keep the roof from leaking on what little  she has left.  [[Page S2112]]    Ms. Cruz's situation is not unique. On a different part of the  island, Pablo Figueroa is forced to live in the only corner of his  small home that still has a roof. Two others described living out of a  tent attached to their neighbor's garage. A fallen tree remains from  where it first crashed through Paula Cruz Ortiz's home. Julia Rivera, a  mother of nine, laments that she has ``lost everything'' except her  ``faith in God.''   Across the island, water-logged walls have gone unrepaired and have  begun to rot. A hospital that was flooded was overtaken by toxic mold-- a hospital. A hospital that was flooded was overtaken by toxic mold. A  year after the storm, it remained closed.   The mold in 82-year-old Leomida Uniel's home has stained the walls  black. This 82-year-old person had a lung infection as a result.   When Carmen Cruz was asked about losing her home, she said: It was a  little house--two bedrooms--but for me, it was a castle.   I tell these stories because these are American citizens. I would  tell the same story if they were Vermonters or whatever other State  they might be from. They are American citizens. These are our  neighbors. These are human beings. Let's treat them as such. To do any  less is an embarrassment to our country, this body, and our humanity.  This was an extraordinary disaster and requires an extraordinary  response.   What has happened? Let's be very frank. Let's be very honest about  what has happened. Instead of standing with our neighbors, our fellow  Americans, the President has chosen to hold petty grudges, which is way  beneath the Office of the Presidency. He wants to pick winners and  losers by deciding who gets assistance based on his own arbitrary  standards. That is wrong. This Senator says that is un-American.    I know firsthand that the Federal Government is a critical partner in  the effort to recover and rebuild. North Carolina, South Carolina,  Florida, California, Texas, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin  Islands just to name a few are all counting on us to get this bill  across the finish line. I have urged Senate Republicans to take up and  pass the House bill, H.R. 268, since the House first passed it in  January. The Republican leadership has refused. So they have forced  Puerto Rico to begin to cut back nutrition assistance weeks ago.   I am glad to see that the Republican substitute amendment finally  includes money for Puerto Rico's nutrition assistance program. We  should get that money to the island soon, but nutrition assistance is  not enough. Puerto Rico needs to rebuild. I have offered a compromise  path forward from what the House passed, but it would address the needs  of Puerto Rico. It would unlock billions of dollars in additional  assistance for the mainland. Keep in mind that billions of these  dollars are just sitting there.   If Senate Republicans would accept this proposal, we could quickly  pass this disaster bill. Even though it is different than the House  bill, we could pass it in the Senate, and I believe the House would  pass it and forego the need for a conference and get assistance to the  people who need it sooner rather than later.   I agree with my distinguished colleague and friend that we should do  that this week. We could do that today. In a moment--and I alert my  colleagues on the other side--I will ask unanimous consent to take up  and adopt this amendment, but if the amendment is not adopted, I will  vote against the cloture motion on the Republican substitute.   We cannot advance a bill that picks and chooses among Americans and  says that some Americans are lesser than others. We cannot advance a  bill that does not address these critical needs.   H.R. 268, the underlying House-passed bill, is a good bill. It  provides for much needed relief of victims of Hurricane Florence,  victims of Hurricane Michael, and the Hawaii volcanoes, and California  wildfires, just to name a few of the disasters. It also continues  critical assistance to Puerto Rico.   Today I filed an amendment to extend relief to the victims of the  recent tornadoes in the Southeast and the flooding in the  I said these are among other States, if you look at what I  said.    If the Senator would yield.    I said in there, ``just to name a few.'' I did not leave  anybody out.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order  to offer amendment No. 234 to the language proposed to be stricken and  that the amendment be agreed to with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   