 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Something needs to be underlined here. In this area here of a divided  Congress, a divided country, this has been a unique opportunity to have  a true bipartisan solution to a longtime, decades-old problem. I am  proud of the work. Many of us have been able to get in the room as  Members and as staff over many months and come to an agreement that is  a pretty darn good solution for an ongoing problem.   This isn't a border bill. This isn't a DACA bill. It is not a fence  bill or an amnesty bill. This is a narrow bill having to do with having  a stable workforce for agriculture in this country.   I come from California, and many of the crops are very labor  intensive. I am farmer myself, but I don't benefit from this bill. I  don't need that kind of labor, but just so it is disclosed.   But so many crops that come from California and others like the truck  crops, the intensely labor needful crops, would disappear. We will end  up importing them from somewhere else if we don't have this workforce  continue.   This bill makes for a legal workforce, a documented workforce. Why  wouldn't we want that?   But heaven knows, you say the word ``amnesty,'' people go running for  the hills, running for cover. This is not an amnesty bill. How could it  be when it has benchmarks for the certified ag workers to come in to be  vetted before they get that certification and to have benchmarks to  become a legal permanent resident? Yes, at the very far end, there is  an opportunity for citizenship. The way the process works, it would  probably take 18 to 20 years to accomplish.   For those who are really concerned about it being a handout for  citizenship or whatever, it still is a steep hill. Also, by and large,  most American people would look at these ag workers as pretty good  people. They are not perfect. There are issues here and there. But they  are providing a needed service that I don't see a lot of Americans  willing to do, not in this age of Xbox and all these other things where  nobody is willing to go outside.   I have worked a lot of years myself in the heat and the Sun, and it  is not even as tough as some of the other crops. But for what we are  talking about, we really need to move forward.   This will help our dairies, which need year-round labor. We are  losing our dairies in California. We are going to lose dairies in our  country.   Let's talk about the workers themselves for a moment. How humane is  it, the process by which they have to come across the border, pay these  people horrendous amounts of money, with the issues that they are  subject to in coming across? No, we don't want that.   We don't want them coming across illegally. We want them coming  across with a certificate that they have been vetted.   This bill has E-Verify in it. How big of a thing is that for  Republicans, for conservatives, for people across the country? When  this is phased in, we will have a very good process for verifying who  it is that is coming in to do this work. We desperately need the labor.   It has been a long process. It will be a long process to continue to  bring the labor force in.   I think if we want to be here 10 years from now still dealing with  this, then let's vote ``no'' on this bill. But if we want to make a  solution, this is one that we can get right now in this atmosphere in  D.C.   