 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Thornberry and  Chairman Smith. I say a special thank you to Mr. Thornberry and his  staff. They have been great partners in this journey of addressing PFAS  in the NDAA.   First and foremost, I am pleased that we have reached a deal on the  funding of our Armed Services. Ensuring appropriate and sufficient  resources for our men and women who serve on the frontline every day  should be our top priority.   Having said that, I am disappointed about two provisions that did not  get in. One would have required EPA to set a national drinking water  standard on PFOA and PFOS within 2 years. And the second one would have  instituted a mandate on DOD to clean up immediately any DOD sites  contaminated with PFOA or PFOS.   Republican Members supported these two provisions as part of a larger  package, and I think not including them amounts to a very great lost  opportunity.   Nonetheless, I support the NDAA and PFAS provisions that we were able  to get into the bill. Those provisions include:   Mr. Upton's Federal facilities and cooperative agreements;   Funding for reducing PFAS and rural economically disadvantaged  drinking water systems;   Health data collection from PFAS manufacturers under TSCA;   Guidance on proper disposal of PFAS chemicals;   More reporting on PFAS chemicals on the Toxic Release Inventory; and   Funding for further research into PFAS chemicals.   As my Republican colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce  discussed at a recent markup, getting PFAS provisions into the NDAA  means that they will be signed into law and will start making a  difference in our communities back home right now.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this important bill.    Mr. Chairman, do you want 10 new drugs, 30 new drugs on  the market, 100 new drugs on the market or zero? H.R. 3 removes  research and development investments, which will hinder innovation.   Innovation doesn't always mean higher cost. Take hepatitis C, which  lowers, reduces healthcare costs in the long run.   Technology and innovation have always had the potential to reduce the  time and costs of identifying and developing new therapies, which lower  the cost of drugs.   Incorporation of innovative genomic analysis means drug developers  can reduce the amount of guesswork in identifying candidate molecules  for further research.   This same technology is being used by drug manufacturers today to  help streamline and expedite the process of conducting trials.   And investments in precision medicine will mean that you don't  prescribe drugs that will not work or, in some cases, make people  sicker.   That is why I support H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act, which  is composed entirely of bipartisan provisions and could become law  right now.   