 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairwoman for  her leadership throughout this process.   It has been 3 weeks, colleagues, since the end of the longest  shutdown in American history--35 days--where we saw friends and  neighbors who hurt, where this body didn't do enough to push back  against a shutdown that hurt our communities and hurt individuals  throughout this country.   This is a compromise bill, and we are here today to reflect that good  will and that good faith effort of Democrats and Republicans  negotiating together to find compromise.   But let's talk a little bit about what this bill would do.   This bill protects our national security. This bill works to improve  the only true crisis that we have at our southern border, which is the  humanitarian crisis. This bill invests in technology and in ports of  entry. This bill ensures that we have the resources to protect this  country.   This bill also unlocks the other appropriations bills that will fund  the Environmental Protection Agency, make investments in the Census,  and make investments in transportation.   What this bill will not do is this bill will not fund the President's  wall from sea to shining sea, a wall that he said Mexico would pay for.   So we tried another path. We tried a bipartisan path of working  together to iron out our differences and to come to an agreement, to  keep government open, to protect our national security. That was the  focus of the conferees, and that is what we sought to accomplish.   But we also did two important things in this document. We ensured  that the congressional intent was there when it comes to topics that we  don't always agree on; and we will ensure, this body will ensure, that  we will hold the administration accountable, that we will provide  oversight that hasn't been provided, and that we will ensure that  national security is protected.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member  Granger for their leadership throughout this process, for Chairwoman  Roybal-Allard and for Ranking Member Fleischmann. And I would like to  thank all of our staff members on both sides of the aisle who worked  day and night to make sure that this document was in front of us in a  timely manner and that ensured that we didn't have another shutdown.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this joint resolution.   