 Mr. President, as we are considering the leadership of  the Environmental Protection Agency, I think we should pause a moment  to recognize this administration's record on the environment--or should  I say the missed opportunities--and what this administration has done  in moving America in the wrong direction on environmental protection.  This administration's record in dealing with the greatest challenge we  have--global climate change--is deplorable.   I had the opportunity to lead a delegation of 10 Members of the  Senate to the Paris climate talks in which U.S. leadership demonstrated  our ability to get universal consensus that climate change is real, is  happening, that it is primarily caused by the activities we do here on  Earth, and that we can make a difference in the trajectory of climate  change and the impact it will have on our lives. If we follow what  science tells us, we can change the course for the better for future  generations.   I saw in Paris the importance of U.S. leadership. We had been trying  for a long time to get a global agreement to deal with this challenge.  It wasn't until America's leadership in Paris that we were able to get  a global consensus. In fact, every country in the world signed on to  the Paris Agreement and recognized that every nation has the  responsibility to respond because what happens in the environment knows  no state boundaries--we are all in this together.   Then there was the election of Donald Trump as President of the  United States. One of his first actions was to withdraw America from  the Paris climate agreement. America became the only Nation in the  world not to be part of the global effort to deal with climate change.   Our leadership was now going to be lost, but the Trump administration  didn't stop there. They have withdrawn the powerplant rules even though  it was in 2007 that the Supreme Court, in Massachusetts v. EPA,  determined that carbon dioxide is a dangerous air pollutant and is  required to be regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency under  the clean air rules. Yet the administration is moving in the other  direction as it relates to clean air.   They did the same thing with water. The Supreme Court issued certain  decisions in regard to regulated waters. It required Congress to act.  Congress didn't act. The administration under President Obama issued  regulations that were similar to what we had before the Supreme Court  decision, and now the Trump administration has withdrawn those  regulations as they relate to clean water.   The list goes on. The Trump administration is now backing down on  CAFE standards. That is energy efficiencies  [[Page S1531]]  in our automobiles. Maryland is one of 12 States under section 177 that  follow California's tougher standards. That is now being jeopardized by  the Trump administration.   As we are considering the leadership of the Environmental Protection  Agency, we have to recognize that the Trump administration has moved us  in the wrong direction. We take pride that with every administration,  Congress adds to the protections we have for clean air and clean water  and dealing with our environment. Yet we find with this President, the  opposite is true. That puts special responsibility on us in Congress.  We have to fill that vacuum. Yet the Republican leadership in Congress  has made no effort to bring forward legislation to deal with climate  change. They have not acknowledged that climate change is real. They  have not acknowledged that our activities here are the primary cause of  climate change. They have not acknowledged that science tells us that  if we do the right thing, we can affect for the better the impact of  climate change in our communities. All that has been denied by this  administration.   What we should do is bring forward comprehensive legislation to  reduce greenhouse gases. We should put a true cost on carbon. Let the  market forces help solve the problems we have here. We should provide  for the continued efficiency of the transportation sector. We should  restore America's leadership. That is what this Congress should be  considering. Yet under Republican leadership, we have had no  opportunity to consider comprehensive legislation in this area.   If we acted, it would be good for our environment. There is no  question about that. Why should we all be concerned about that? Let me  give some examples from my State of Maryland. Over the last 50 years,  Maryland has experienced a 70-percent increase in rainfall. Tell the  people of Ellicott City, who have experienced two 1,000-year floods in  the last 20-month period. These are floods that they have never seen  before in their lifetime. A large amount of rain that fell in a very  short period of time caused tremendous damage to the people of Ellicott  City. Tell the 13 million people who are in danger of being displaced  by the end of this century because of rising sea levels. Tell the  people in the Western United States whose homes were taken by  wildfires. We need to act. It would be good for our environment.   I am proud to be one of the Senators who represent the Chesapeake Bay  Watershed. There are 18 million people who live in the Chesapeake Bay  Watershed. We see a rise in the sea level. This is a vulnerable body of  water.   The warming of the Chesapeake Bay is causing the loss of seagrasses  that are important for the aquatic life. The salinity of the bay is  being diminished because of more freshwater, and that is affecting the  ecology of the bay. Algae growths are greater and longer because of the  warm waters. All of that affects the Chesapeake Bay. If we respond to  climate change, we have a much better chance of improving the quality  of the Chesapeake Bay, which is critically important for the way of  life for the people who live in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed.   It is also, by the way, an important economic issue. If we do what is  right and respond to climate change, we will also be helping our  economy. The Chesapeake Bay alone adds $1 trillion to our economy. A  clean bay helps our economy. Green energy creates jobs--many more jobs  than do traditional fossil fuels.   It also is good for our national security. If we use more of the  renewables and fewer fossil, we as a nation will be stronger from the  point of view of not being dependent on other countries that don't  agree with our way of life for supplying energy needs not only to us  but to our allies around the world--to the democratic countries around  the world. It makes sense.   As we are considering the future leadership of the Environmental  Protection Agency, let us recommit ourselves to recognizing that we  have responsibilities to advance these environmental issues and implore  upon the Republican leadership to bring forward comprehensive  legislation that, in fact, will make a significant difference on the  trajectory of climate change here in the United States and will restore  America's global leadership on this critically important issue.   I yield the floor.   