 Madam President, let's put this in realistic terms. I have  been here through eight Presidents. I am now in my 45th year. I have  never seen anything like the Trump shutdown from the day it began 34  days ago until now.   I hear from people every day about the pain and suffering this  shutdown has caused. Certainly I hear from my home State of Vermont. We  know that tomorrow hundreds of thousands of public servants will miss  their second paycheck since this shutdown began. Many of these public  servants have had to work the entire time. They are angry. They are  confused about why their paychecks are being held hostage by the  President in what he appears to view as a political game. Many of these  people can no longer pay their bills. They are worried about what  tomorrow will bring, and all of us should worry.   We know that our basic government services are no longer functioning.  Our Federal courts will run out of money by the end of this month.  Important scientific research has been put on hold. Think of the cost  to turn it back on. The fishing industry is in turmoil because they  cannot get the Federal permits or inspections required to take out  their boats. In the wake of a record-setting fire season, the Forest  Service has curtailed thinning and fire-prevention projects. Federal  law enforcement and prosecutors are sounding the alarm that the  shutdown is hindering important investigative work and criminal  prosecutions. The Transportation Security Administration, TSA, has  employees who are calling in sick in record numbers after a month of  being on the job with no paycheck. Some even say they cannot pay for  the gas to get to the job. These are the people charged with detecting  dangerous threats at our Nation's airports. Instead, they are stressed  and frustrated. Everybody knows that is not a very good combination.  Long lines are forming at airports. A lack of TSA employees has forced  some major airports to close screening areas, causing further delays.   I could go on and on, but we know the Trump shutdown is hurting our  Nation and our citizens. Overseas, it makes the United States of  America look weak and foolish. This great country is made to look weak  and foolish by the Trump shutdown.   We can end it right now, today, and for the sake of the country, we  should. The McConnell amendment, the so-called End the Shutdown and  Reopen the Government Act, we all know is a nonstarter. I came to the  floor yesterday, and I detailed why. I am not going to repeat that here  today.   It is the height of irresponsibility to use the pain and suffering of  the American people as leverage to force the U.S. taxpayers to fund the  President's bumper-sticker, campaign slogan southern border wall--on  his solemn promise that Mexico would pay for it--or to enact his hard- line, anti-immigrant agenda. That is what the bill does. It is not a  compromise. It is not a deal. I hope my fellow Senators oppose it. If  we give in to these tactics now, where will it stop? What is the next  thing the President will shut down the government over?   H.R. 268, which is what the Schumer amendment contains, is a  bipartisan bill that we should all support. It would reopen the  government by extending funding for the seven remaining appropriations  bills through February 8, 2019. Remember, those are appropriations  bills that Chairman Shelby and I worked very hard on and that passed  through the committee virtually unanimously. We ought to applaud that.  The passage of the bill will ensure that Federal employees are paid and  that critical services are restored and provide time for negotiation  and debate on border security without the American people being held  hostage to the President's ill-considered, anti-immigrant agenda. I  urge Senators to vote for it.   On December 19, in this Chamber, we passed the bill to fund the  government until February 8. We did it unanimously by a voice vote.  Republicans were in charge of both the House and the Senate at that  time. In other words, the Senate was for keeping the government open.  The President's own Republican leaders supported it. Suddenly, he  changed his mind, and the Republican leaders had to back off.  [[Page S556]]    H.R. 268 also provides $14 billion in assistance to help communities  and families impacted by natural disasters recover and rebuild. It  provides assistance to the victims of Hurricanes Michael and Florence,  the California wildfires, the volcanic eruptions in Hawaii, the recent  typhoons in the Pacific, and other natural disasters. It will also  continue assistance for Puerto Rico, which is still recovering from the  category 5 Hurricanes Maria and Irma.   The McConnell amendment contains a disaster package nearly identical  to H.R. 268, but to appease the President, it eliminates all disaster  assistance for Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is part of America. I know the  President referred to it as an island surrounded by water, as though  that is the only island that is surrounded by water. The McConnell  amendment eliminates $1.3 billion in funding for clean and safe  drinking water grants, community redevelopment funds, and nutrition  assistance that would help the American citizens of Puerto Rico  continue their recovery.   Hurricanes Maria and Irma devastated Puerto Rico and destroyed the  island's homes and infrastructure. Hurricane Maria caused the deaths of  2,975 Americans. It is one of the deadliest hurricanes this country has  ever seen.   While Congress has provided Puerto Rico with assistance in past  disaster bills, they still have unaddressed needs that have to be met.  Absent supplemental assistance, it is estimated that 140,000 Puerto  Ricans--and I have to reemphasize that they are all U.S. citizens--are  going to lose nutrition assistance at the end of March. This in the  United States of America? Is there any wonder that the rest of the  world looks at us and says: What are you doing? We are supposed to take  care of all of our citizens when there is a crisis, not pick and choose  based on who we are or who we are aligned with politically.   Just as I voted for disaster aid in States represented by  Republicans, Republicans have voted for disaster aid in my State when  it has been represented by Democrats. The President's disregard for the  victims of Hurricane Maria is shameful.   I urge Senators to vote aye on the Schumer amendment. It provides  much needed assistance to disaster-affected communities, and it  immediately allows us to send this bill to the President to reopen the  government. It has gone on long enough.   The President and the people in his Cabinet are billionaires. They do  not care about the harm he has inflicted on this country, but I know  Members of this body, both Democrats and Republicans, do. We know what  it means to govern. We have a responsibility to do it now.   Senator Shelby, whom I admire, is a friend of mine. He and I worked  together last year in a bipartisan way. We got the appropriations  process back on track. We showed that this is the way to get things  done. But then the President decided to take us off course.   The Senate is an independent, coequal branch of government. We should  act like it. Let's end this national nightmare. Let's vote to open the  government now for our fellow Americans. Let's do it now, today.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   