 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, for years, President Trump has  speculated wildly about a ``deep state'' conspiracy against his  Presidency based on the claim that the FBI opened an investigation into  the President's campaign with political bias, with the explicit purpose  that they were out to get him.   Yesterday, the Department of Justice inspector general released a  report that puts this conspiracy theory to bed. The report conclusively  debunks the baseless conspiracy that the investigation into Mr. Trump's  campaign and its ties to Russia originated with political bias. In  fact, the report quotes the FBI Deputy General Counsel as saying that  ``the FBI would have been derelict in our responsibility had we not  opened the case.''   Let me repeat that from the No. 2 counsel at the FBI. ``The FBI would  have been derelict in our responsibility had we not opened the case.''   Donald Trump commits so many wrongs, and when people call him on it,  he blames somebody and comes up with a conspiracy. And the most amazing  thing is that not just his appointees but these Senators in this  Chamber--almost too many of them--just echo those crazy theories  designed to divert us from the truth.   The inspector general of the Department of Justice, Michael Horowitz,  has been praised for years by Members on both sides of the aisle for  his integrity and for his fairness. There is no reason to doubt the  report's conclusion. He has never been accused of bias before.   Attorney General Barr and Lindsey Graham praised Mr. Horowitz, but  all of a sudden, they are casting aspersions on him and his report.  Only political actors doubt this report--political actors like Attorney  General Barr and now, it seems, as well, his handpicked Federal  prosecutor, John Durham.   Attorney General Barr has all too often acted on behalf of the  President's interests rather than as a neutral law enforcement officer.  He almost seems a hatchet man on a political campaign rather than an  Attorney General--an august position--following the rule of law and  trying to shield that office from politics whenever possible. Instead,  Barr loves to jump into the political pool of muck.   I was skeptical when Mr. Barr appointed John Durham simply because  Attorney General Barr had picked him. He does almost nothing in these  sensitive areas that are not political. But you had some hope. Durham,  some said, had a good reputation. Well, yesterday, Durham's statement  confirmed our suspicions that he is not a nonpolitical actor. No  prosecutor worth his salt would release a political statement like he  did while conducting an investigation. Because of issuing that  statement, Durham has lost a great deal of credibility even before he  issues his report. No one who is thinking of these things down the  middle is going to think Durham is a dispassionate, nonpolitical  observer because he has already shown himself to be, in a certain  sense, a henchman of Mr. Barr and his political activities.   To emphasize the broad acceptance of the IG report, FBI Director  Wray, appointed by President Trump, embraced the report.   When Director Wray asked whether he thought the FBI targeted the  Trump campaign, he said I do not. And for that, not surprising, but  still rather, again, low, shallow, and disgusting, President Trump  lashed out this morning at the FBI Director, saying, ``I do not know  what the current Director of the FBI was reading, but it wasn't the one  given to me.''   President Trump, if you actually read the report, you would  understand exactly what FBI Director Wray was talking about, and you  would understand exactly why it was his duty to defend his department  when they behave on a nonpolitical rule of law basis.   My friends, it is a sad state of affairs when truth tellers have no  place in Trump's Washington. Anyone inside the Trump administration  willing to speak truth to power--Secretary Mattis, DNI Director Coats,  even Chief of Staff Kelly towards the end, and so many others--cannot  survive the President's insistence on blind loyalty, cannot survive the  fact that the President makes them tell lies and mistruths to continue  to serve him.   If you do not act in febrile obeisance to President Trump, he will  turn on you, so this quality of people in this administration is  getting lower and lower and lower. Top-notch people and the ability to  govern and make smart decisions and the ability to care about the truth  often go hand in hand, but if you care about the truth, you are out,  and so Trump loses quality people in his administration. And the only  people who survive are willing to bow down to Donald, who will do just  what he wants and says, even when they know it is false.   And that is why this administration is so erratic, so disjointed, so  ineffective, and, at this time, so unpopular with the majority of the  American people. The American people know that Mattis is a fine man.  They know that Wray is a fine man. They know that they are the kind of  people that, if Trump says tell a lie, they won't. But,  [[Page S6911]]  unfortunately, the people in this administration who remain are willing  to do just that. And that said, as I said, it is a very sad state of  affairs and one of the reasons this administration has such a difficult  relationship with the truth.   The President conjures fictions, buys into baseless conspiracy  theories told by known buyers on FOX News or somewhere else, and then  anyone who contradicts him earns his scorn. Contradict him enough, if  you are in the administration, you lose your job.   Now, more worry. Amazingly, this afternoon, the President and  Secretary of State Pompeo will meet in secret with Russian Foreign  Minister Sergei Lavrov. It shows a blinding disregard with what is  going on in Congress and the world right now. Russian intelligence has  been pushing the baseless theory that Ukraine interfered in the 2016  elections, not just Putin, as a way to divide the West and defend  Putin.   Certain Republican Senators have stunningly repeated that falsehood  around these corridors, and now, President Trump and Secretary of State  Pompeo are meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister in secret. What  new conspiracies are they cooking up with Lavrov today? I worry. The  President has been so unable to articulate a defense of the facts  uncovered in the House impeachment inquiry that he has resorted to one  conspiracy after the next to explain his conduct. His allies, including  Members of the Senate Republican Caucus, have elevated several of these  theories.   Here in the Senate, certain members of the Grand Old Party are  forming their own conspiracy caucus. Any crazy conspiracy, whether  launched by Putin or some wild-eyed crazy conspiracy theorist, who  manages, of course, all the time to get on FOX News and have his story  or her story repeated, it is something that my colleagues just repeat  even though it is clear they are false, and they know they are false.   Angus King had a great op-ed last week in USA Today, which I commend  to every one of my colleagues. It basically said, if what the  impeachment proceeding has found is false, then where are the Trump  people to refute it? Not to come up with some irrelevant conspiracy  theory and bring this one and that one into it that has nothing to do  with it, but actually refute the facts, where is that?   President Trump has not refuted a single fact that the impeachment  inquiry has found. None of his people have been willing to come forward  who would have knowledge to refute those facts if those facts were  false. And so they try to create a shiny object, a diversion, and,  unfortunately, too many of the news media on the right will spend time  on that diversion and repeat Trump's claim that the actual facts are  false.   This is the beginning of the end of the democracy, when we can't have  truth--we can disagree on the outcome of those facts, but we can't have  truth of the fact--and everything is fake news, particularly those from  the right who don't like the truth. When conspiracy theories that have  no basis in fact govern, our democracy is at risk. It is one of the  main reasons I think so many Americans believe, whatever their  ideology, that President Trump should not be President.   The conspiracy theories are not harmless. They are sinister. They are  insidious. They erode the democratic fabric of this country. They erode  our fidelity of truth which is at the basis of democracy, and they help  Putin sow discord in our country. Conspiracies need to stop. If the  White House would like to submit evidence or offer witnesses to make  the President's case, please do so. They haven't done it once. Instead,  the White House is blocking documents and withholding witnesses who  could potentially defend the President's action, a surefire sign, as  Angus King said in his op-ed, that the President has something to hide.   Given that the House announced it would write two Articles of  Impeachment this morning, the White House's refusal to rebut the  evidence under oath is something not lost on the Members of the U.S.  Senate who could soon be judges and jurors in a Senate trial.    Madam President, I thank my colleague from Maryland for  his diligence in this issue of utmost importance to the integrity of  our elections, to our national security, and basically for trust in  government. If the American people feel that a foreign country can  interfere in their elections and, particularly, that their President is  OK with that, I worry and pray for our democracy.   For the past few years, Senate Democrats have sought to pass  legislation to improve the security of elections. There are many ways  to do this--hardening our election infrastructure, shoring up cyber  defenses, and requiring paper ballots. One of the most important has  been advocated with passion and vigor by my colleague from Maryland,  and that is deterring foreign adversaries from trying to interfere with  elections in the first place.   For the past year, Democrats have been pushing legislation that would  do just that by instituting mandatory crosscutting sanctions against  any adversary--Russia, China, Iran, North Korea--that even dared to  attempt to meddle in our democracy. It is a bipartisan idea. Senator  Van Hollen has legislation that is cosponsored by Senator Rubio. We  tried hard to pass this measure in the annual defense bill. Senate  Republicans and Leader McConnell blocked the provision from the final  agreement.   Here we are today, asking our Republican colleagues to relent and  allow this bipartisan legislation to pass the Senate on its own. Our  top national security officials have warned us that our adversaries are  right now--right now, as we speak--working on ever more sophisticated  methods to meddle in our elections. That is what Putin does. He doesn't  have the military power or the economic power, but he has long  tentacles and clever ways to undermine our democracy. Are we going to  stand there benignly and let it happen? That is outrageous.   Why have Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans opposed it? I hope  it is not because the Russian Foreign Minister is in town this week. I  hope it is not because anyone wants to invite foreign interference.   I am worried that it is just as my colleague from Maryland said:  Donald Trump, who has shown no regard for the rule of law, for  fairness, for decency, or for honor, if he thinks Russian interference  will help him, he says: Let's do it. What is bothersome is that my  colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle move forward on his  wishes, right to the undermining of our democracy.   I guarantee that if Leader McConnell would allow the vote on this  legislation, it would pass almost unanimously. Remember, the motion to  instruct conferees on NDAA to include this legislation passed nearly  unanimously. I would plead with my good friend--he is a good man from  Idaho, Senator Crapo--and I would plead with Leader McConnell: Stop  this now. If Trump is getting you to do this or if the White House is,  which I suspect is true, that is not your duty to this country, and you  must put that higher than your duty to President Trump.   I yield back to my friend.   