 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding, and I want to commend Ranking Member Brady and our colleagues  on the other side as well. It is always a pleasure to know what this  body can do when we work together.   I also want to associate myself with the remarks of the chairman for  his incredible leadership. In his opening remarks, he underscored the  key word that is central to this agreement that is far different from  the previous NAFTA agreement. It is ``enforcement.'' It was his  tenacity and the tenacity of the working group and the subcommittee  that made this happen.   I commend Speaker Pelosi for her work and, clearly, for all the  working members of the task force for the effort they put forward.    Mike Thompson has already credited the staff for their outstanding  work, and I specifically want to thank Rosa DeLauro, who also was there  for the first NAFTA vote as well and is a strong and a tenacious  defender of labor.   The work of Rosa DeLauro, the work of President Trumka, the work of  Ambassador Lighthizer, these were salient reasons that underscored Mr.  Neal's premise that enforcement at all levels, but specifically as it  related to labor and environment, needed to be put in place.    Madam Speaker, I rise to strongly support  this bill. I thank the gentleman for his efforts, and especially Bill  Pascrell, who has been our passionate leader on the Ways and Means  Committee, for his efforts on this very important issue.   What a spirit of Christmas is upon us today. It is great to see the  bipartisanship is continuing. I was so happy to see Peter King down in  the well, talking about what this means.   I dare say, to my other colleagues, I would love to have Mr. Rice  come and visit Augie & Ray's in East Hartford and have him talk about  how billionaires are being benefited.   In Connecticut, we used to deduct, on average, $19,000 in personal  property taxes. Now, we get to deduct $10,000. Why? So that we could  pay 1 percent of the Nation 83 percent of your tax cut, which is unpaid  for, paid for by working people.   In our State, we send more money to the Federal Government than we  get in return.   The basic unfairness, established by Lincoln back during the Civil  War, is that this is double taxation and especially hurts the blue- collar workforce all across this great country, especially in those  States that go out of their way to pay their own.    