 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the fiscal year 2020  National Defense Authorization Act. After several weeks of debate and  negotiation, the House and Senate Armed Services Committees have  completed the conference report, which addresses critical issues facing  our military and our country's national security.   I would like to thank Senator Inhofe, Chairman Smith, and Ranking  Member Thornberry for their thoughtfulness, hard work, and cooperation  throughout the process.   This was not an easy conference. There were many difficult issues and  differences of opinion that had to be worked through. I think it is  safe to say that many have misgivings about one provision or another,  but there are so many other positive provisions that many will consider  a legislative successes, in my view. That is the art of compromise.  Overall, it is a very good conference report that helps the military  and the American people. Last week, this conference report passed by a  vote of 379 to 48 in the House, and I hope it will have the same strong  support in the Senate.   As we consider the conference report, I would like to highlight  several areas that I am particularly pleased with and address several  items that have been of concern to some Members.   In accordance with the budget agreement, the NDAA conference report  authorizes $658.4 billion for the Department of Defense and national  security programs of the Department of Energy, $71.5 billion for  overseas contingency operations, and $5.3 billion in emergency funding  to restore installations that were damaged by extreme weather and  natural disasters.   The conference report includes a number of important provisions to  support our servicemembers, their families, and the civilian employees  of the Department of Defense who support them, including a 3.1-percent  pay raise for troops and the authorization of a number of bonus,  special, and incentive pays to encourage enlistment and reenlistment in  the Armed Forces.   We continue our efforts to eliminate sexual harassment and assault in  our military. Over the last 12 years, we have legislated nearly 200  changes in law to combat sexual assault. In this conference report, we  direct the Comptroller General to assess the implementation and  effectiveness of these requirements.   We also include a number of new provisions to continue our fight  against this scourge, including increasing investigative resources to  expedite investigations, increasing access to Victims' Legal Counsel  and Victim Witness Program liaisons to support survivors of sexual  assault, requiring additional training for commanders, and requiring  more transparency with sexual assault survivors about the progress of  court-martial and administrative processes. We also include new  provisions to more effectively address domestic violence and child  exploitation. We cannot rest. We must continue to insist that we do all  we can to prevent this scourge from permeating our military forces.   The conference report also includes the Fair Chance Act, which  ensures that applicants for positions in the Federal Government and  with Federal contractors are treated fairly by restricting requests for  criminal background information until the conditional offer stage.   As everyone is aware, the conference report includes 12 weeks of paid  parental leave for the Federal civilian workforce, an important benefit  that will help the Federal Government recruit and retain the very best  civilian talent.   The conference report authorizes a number of important Army and Air  Force programs. The final bill supports funding for 73 UH-6M Blackhawks  and 48 AH-64 Apache helicopters in the Army.   In addition, the conference bill authorizes an additional $75.6  million to accelerate the Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft Program,  which is a top modernization priority for the U.S. Army. The agreement  also fully supports upgrading 165 Abrams tanks and includes an  additional $249.2 million to integrate a medium caliber weapon system  onto the Stryker platform. This was an unfunded armor requirement which  we were able to meet.    With regard to the Air Force, the conference report includes $1  billion for 12 additional F-35A aircraft, which was an unfunded  requirement for the Air Force, as well as $392 million for 4 additional  C-130J aircraft to support increased inter-theater airlift capability.  The bill also includes language that extends the Department's authority  to protect critical facilities and assets from unauthorized operation  of unmanned aircraft.  [[Page S7066]]    I am pleased the conference agreement includes key provisions and  authorizes critical funding that will strengthen naval readiness and  submarine production. This conference report reaffirms that we must  maintain a minimum of 11 aircraft carriers to protect our national  interests around the world and authorizes the first year appropriations  for the midlife refueling of the USS Harry S. Truman.   It continues the construction of two Virginia-class submarines per  year and supports the nine-boat multiyear contract, with an option for  a tenth boat, that the Navy and Electric Boat signed earlier this  month.   The report also supports full funding for the Columbia-class  ballistic missile submarine.   I am particularly pleased that the conference agreement also  authorizes additional funding to continue to support the expansion of  the submarine industrial business, as well as workforce development.   The conference report further bolsters maritime sealift and  mobilization by reauthorizing the Maritime Administration, including  authorizing a new cable security fleet program and requiring the  Secretary of the Navy to seek to enter into a contract for additional  sealift vessels.   Finally, in order to keep our existing ships ready for deployment,  the conference agreement authorizes additional funding for Navy ship  and submarine depot maintenance to ensure key shipyard availabilities  are not further delayed due to the existing maintenance backlog.   The conference agreement authorizes full funding for the President's  request to continue modernizing our nuclear deterrence and its triad of  delivery platforms, which are rapidly aging out. This modernization  effort began in 2010 and will continue for the next 15 to 20 years. Our  ballistic submarines will begin to age out in the 2030s. Our heavy  bombers will be replaced in the 2040s, after having served for over 80  years. And our ICBMs will start to be replaced in the 2030s, after  having been on alert 24/7, 365-days a year, for over 60 years.   On the issue of low-yield nuclear weapons, while I opposed the  deployment of the low-yield submarine ballistic missile in last year's  bill and supported the provision in this year's House bill, which again  would have prohibited deployment, that provision was not included in  this year's conference report. I maintain that this is one weapon that  will not add to our national security but would only increase the risk  of miscalculation with dire consequences, and regret the House  provision was not included in the House report.   Perhaps the most bipartisan topic in the fiscal year 2020 NDAA was  privatized housing reform. Over 30 provisions were included to help the  Defense Department reinvigorate its oversight of housing companies.  Over the last year, the Armed Service Committee received hundreds of  calls for help directly from military families. Their stories of  hardship, photos of substandard home conditions, and reports of  nonresponsive customer service by the housing companies spurred this  comprehensive package of reforms.   While this will likely not be the last NDAA to address housing  problems, the fiscal year 2020 bill makes a significant first step in  several key areas. For example, we begin by requiring several standards  in the ``tenant bill of rights.''   We ensure that DOD has a single individual in charge of privatized  housing and, in the event housing companies are found to be responsible  for causing medical problems, there will be a way for families to be  compensated appropriately. Families will now be guaranteed access to  work order systems and see what kind of home they are inhabiting prior  to moving in, much like consumers get a Carfax report before they buy a  used car. Companies must now disclose their bonus structures, document  a complaint database made by families online, and are prohibited from  forcing families to sign nondisclosure agreements.   The DOD must also create and implement a standardized formal dispute  resolution process and a uniform lease across all installations.   We still have a long way to go as a Congress to ensure military  families are getting the kinds of quality homes and living conditions  they deserve, but the fiscal year 2020 NDAA sets everyone on the right  path, and we will continue to be watching both DOD and the housing  companies.   In another area of importance to the safety of all families, after  too many years of status quo, the NDAA includes a number of new  authorities and requirements for the DOD to confront its use of toxic  PFAS chemicals. While we were ultimately unable to reach an agreement  with the House establishing new regulations through the Safe Drinking  Water Act and other substantial improvements, like cleanup via CERCLA  and declarations of hazardous substances, the NDAA does make a number  of new changes. For example, the Department of Defense must phase out  the use of PFAS in firefighting foams on its installations. The bill  restores the National Guard's access to defense environmental  restoration accounts, presses DOD to enter cooperative agreements with  local entities contaminated by PFAS chemicals, and extends the ongoing  CDC human health study of PFAS in drinking water.   With respect to countering the continued threat by ISIS, the bill  extends the train-and-equip programs that underpin our partnerships  with the Syrian defense forces and Iraqi security forces, while  ensuring appropriate congressional oversight of the use of such funds.   Specific to Iraq, the bill also begins to normalize security  assistance to Iraq by transitioning funding to enduring authorities.   The conference report also includes the bipartisan Caesar Syria  Civilian Protection Act, which is intended to help facilitate an end to  the conflict in Syria and hold responsible those who have perpetrated  war crimes. Specifically, the bill sanctions foreign persons who  knowingly provide significant financial, material, or technological  support to or knowingly engage in a significant transaction with the  Syrian Government and authorizes the Secretary of State to provide  support to entities conducting criminal investigations, supporting  prosecutions, or collecting evidence against those who have committed  war crimes or crimes against humanity in Syria.   With regard to Afghanistan, the bill extends several authorities to  train and equip the Afghanistan National Defense and Security Forces.  It also authorizes the Department of Defense to provide support for  bottom-up, Governor of Afghanistan-led reconciliation activities and  mandates that the Secretary of State, in coordination with the  Secretary of Defense, advocate for the inclusion of Afghan women in  ongoing future negotiations to end the conflict in Afghanistan. It is  in the interest of all parties to forge a negotiated settlement that  brings this conflict to a close while also protecting U.S. security  interests and basic human rights.   The bill also includes 4,000 additional special immigrant visas and  the extension of the SIV Program so we can continue to honor  commitments made to our wartime allies in Afghanistan.   As recent press reports indicate, after almost 18 years of combat and  capacity building, Afghan military and political institutions are  fragile, and the Taliban remains a serious threat. Moreover, terrorist  groups like al-Qaida and ISIS continue to pose a potential threat to  the region and beyond. The Armed Services Committee and other  committees of jurisdiction must undertake a comprehensive evaluation of  the causes of the current situation and help facilitate a thoughtful  way ahead.   The conference report also contains a number of provisions to address  the continuing threat of foreign malign influence from Russia and  others countries. Deterring and countering this threat to our democracy  is critical ahead of the 2020 Presidential elections.   The bill requires an update to our strategy for countering Russian  malign influence, which needs to be better coordinated across U.S.  Government Departments and Agencies, and expands that strategy to cover  China, Iran, and other malign actors.   To guard against malign foreign actors seeking to gain access to  sensitive information through DOD contractors, the conference report  includes a provision that I sponsored to enhance requirements for DOD  contractors and  [[Page S7067]]  subcontractors to disclose beneficial ownership information, including  whether companies are subject to foreign ownership, control, or  influence.   The Intelligence authorization bill, which is part of the conference  report, also includes key provisions to counter foreign malign  influence that have been of particular interest to me.   First, it authorizes establishing a Foreign Malign Influence Response  Center, which would bring together all elements of the intelligence  community and serve as a primary organization for analyzing and  integrating intelligence on foreign malign influence to provide a  common operating picture across the government.    The Intelligence authorization bill also authorizes the Director of  National Intelligence to facilitate the establishment of an  independent, nonprofit, Social Media Data and Threat Analysis Center to  bring tech companies and researchers together to analyze indicators of  foreign adversary threat networks across social media platforms.   Finally, the conference report authorizes funds for research on  foreign malign influence trends and indicators, including on foreign  weaponization of ``deepfakes''--that is, videos or other media that is  digitally manipulated by foreign governments to spread disinformation.   Turning to Ukraine, the conference report authorizes an increase in  funding for the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative to provide  critical aid, including lethal assistance, to this strategic partner to  defend itself against Russian aggression against its sovereignty and  territorial integrity.   With respect to Turkey, the conference report prohibits Turkey's  participation in the F-35 aircraft program as long as it possesses the  Russian S-400 air defense system. It expresses the sense of Congress  that Turkey's purchase of the S-400 system triggers congressionally  mandated sanctions and urges the administration to impose those  sanctions, which are long overdue.   As everyone is aware, this conference report does create a sixth  service within the Air Force for a Space Force. Its mission will be to  deter hostile actions in space against the United States and its  allies.   I would note that the organization created in this conference report  is far more robust than was originally passed in the Senate bill. I  believe this bill may be trying to do too much, too fast, and will  require significant oversight. That being said, I do believe the  attention we have paid to space and protecting our national security  assets in space is vitally important. I will continue to work on this  issue in the coming years.   Finally, with respect to substantive provisions, I would like to  touch on an issue I find very problematic. I am deeply disappointed  that, despite my strong support, provisions intended to prohibit U.S.  involvement in the civil war in Yemen, including arms transfers to the  Saudi-led coalition, are not included in the conference report. The  civil war in Yemen is the world's worst ongoing humanitarian crisis,  and the administration should be playing a more active and constructive  role in ending the conflict and achieving a sustainable peace.   I strongly support a prohibition on offensive arms transfers and  other offensive support for the Saudi-led coalition and will continue  working to stop the bloodshed and suffering in Yemen.   We must redouble our efforts in support of the Yemeni people and  increase humanitarian assistance. Iran, al-Qaida, ISIS, and others  continue to benefit from the chaos of this protracted conflict, and  ending the war is in the long-term security interests of both the  United States and Saudi Arabia.   Stronger U.S. support for peace talks can and should set the  conditions for Yemenis to negotiate a durable peace and for the  international community to begin the difficult but critical work of  restoring stability and basic services to the people of Yemen. These  objectives will remain significant priorities going forward.   Let me conclude by again thanking Senator Inhofe for his superb  leadership and Chairman Smith for his superb leadership of the  conference, which is a very challenging responsibility. They discharged  it with great skill. I also thank Ranking Member Mac Thornberry, who  was extraordinarily thoughtful and professional in his deportment, and  all the conferees for their bipartisan support throughout the process.  This process has been collegial and has been an example of a strong  piece of legislation that addresses concerns of Members on both sides  of the aisle.   I would also like to thank the staffs of the Senate Armed Services  Committee and the House Armed Services Committee for all their fine  work on drafting a thoughtful and comprehensive bill. Their diligent  work throughout the NDAA process has been integral in producing the  strong bill before us today.   Let me say this: They are not identified enough, in my view. The work  they did and continue to do has been superb--absolutely superb. I want  to personally thank them. Let me thank John Bonsell, Elizabeth King,  Jen Stewart, and Paul Arcangeli for their help. They are the staff  directors of the committees in both the House and the Senate.   If my colleagues would bear with me, I want to recognize all of our  staff members because they don't get the credit they deserve. Beginning  alphabetically, Adam Barker, Stephanie Barna, Jody Bennett, Rick  Berger, Augusta Binns-Berkey, Leah Brewer, John Bryant, Debbie  Chiarello, Carolyn Chuhta, Jon Clark, Maggie Cooper, Allen Edwards,  Jonathan Epstein, Jorie Feldman, Patty-Jane Geller, Tom Goffus,  Creighton Greene, Ozge Guzelsu, Marta Hernandez, Gary Howard, Baher  Iskander, Jackie Kerber, Gary Leeling, Greg Lilly, Katie Magnus, Kirk  McConnell, Keri Lyn Michalke, Jackie Modesett, Bill Monahan, Mike  Noblet, Sean O'Keefe, Tony Pankuch, Brad Patou, Jason Potter, John  Quirk, John Riordan, Arun Seraphin, Katherine Sutton, Soleil Sykes,  Arthur Tellis, Fiona Tomlin, Eric Trager, Dustin Walker, John Wason,  Tyler Wilkinson, Bob Winkler, Gwyneth Woolwine, and Jennie Wright.    Thank you.   I strongly support this conference agreement and hope that it will  receive the support of my colleagues in the Senate.   I yield the floor.   