 I want to thank my colleague Senator Hoeven for  organizing this very important event.   I think you sense a theme building here. Many of my colleagues have  spoken about the economic benefits USMCA holds for their specific  States, and I would like to add Arkansas to the list.   According to the Arkansas World Trade Center--which, by the way, does  an excellent job promoting trade in my State and growing opportunities  for our exporters--Canada and Mexico are Arkansas's top trading  partners by far. Arkansas goods and services are exported to 181  countries, but Canada and  [[Page S4842]]  Mexico combined for over one-third of our exports in 2017. Our exports  to these two countries added $2.1 billion to Arkansas's economy that  year. Nearly 69,000 jobs in my State are dependent on trade with  Canada, and another 41,000 jobs are affected by trade with Mexico.  Arkansas exports about $1.3 billion in goods to Canada and another $182  million in services. I could go on, but we have already covered a lot  of statistics here today.   It is important to remember that there are real people behind this  data. They are the workers in the paper mills in South Arkansas, the  employees of the steel mills in Northwest Arkansas, the family farmers  producing rice in the delta, and the line workers at the poultry- processing plants in Northwest Arkansas.   These Arkansans, and many more, work in the industries that produce  our top exports to Mexico and Canada. For them and countless others,  the announcement that a trade agreement has been reached with Canada  and Mexico was very welcome and promising news. Arkansas farmers,  business leaders, and workers understand how vital it is to have free  but also fair trade, particularly with our neighbors to the north and  the south. It helps create the sense of certainty that has been sorely  missing for our manufacturers, small businesses, and the agriculture  industry.   For our agricultural community, it is particularly crucial that we  push this agreement across the finish line. Our farmers face a very  tenuous situation right now. Commodity prices are well below the cost  of production. Farm incomes in 2018 dropped sharply again for the fifth  consecutive year. Total farm debt has risen to levels not seen since  the early 1980s. A rainy fall and spring have hampered planting season  and, in the case of Arkansas, produced one of the worst floods in the  State's history. All this combined has placed Arkansas's rural  communities in dire conditions. Far too many family farms are barely  hanging on, and, sadly, many more are filing for bankruptcy.   Arkansas has a diverse economy, ranging from aerospace and defense to  steel production, to the world's largest retailer, but agriculture is  by far our largest industry. It adds around $16 billion to our economy  every year and accounts for approximately one in every six jobs in  Arkansas.   In my discussions with farmers on how we can help, the same mantra is  often repeated: They prefer trade over aid. While they appreciate the  President's efforts to ease the pain during these trade standoffs, what  they really need are more markets in which to sell their products. They  understand that increased trade is the way forward to create a better  long-term outlook for their operations.   Our neighbors to the north and south are our natural allies and  trading partners. The President's team worked hard to get Canada and  Mexico to the negotiating table to formalize a more mutually beneficial  agreement. That hard work has paid off in the form of the USMCA. Now  Congress has the responsibility to see it through to the end.   Fair trade agreements have become increasingly important to  Arkansas's economy over the last half-century. As the world becomes  more interconnected, access to global markets is necessary not just for  the large corporations that call Arkansas home but also for small and  medium-sized businesses that are looking to expand their operations and  their footprints. With a level playing field, Arkansas's agriculture,  manufacturing, and small businesses can compete with anyone around the  globe. Let's help them take a giant step closer to that by swiftly  approving USMCA.   