 Mr. President, I rise to talk about an issue that is very  important to my constituents in my State of Indiana. It is also an  issue that is very close to my heart--the sanctity of life.   Tomorrow we know thousands of pro-life advocates from around the  country, including many Hoosiers, will convene in Washington for the  March for Life. This is the world's largest annual pro-life  demonstration.   You may not be able to tell this by watching today's television or  movies, but there is bipartisan agreement among most Americans that we  must protect human life. This is no old-fashioned point of view. In  fact, a recent survey of millennials showed that 70 percent supported  limits such as parental notification, blocking abortions at 5 months of  pregnancy, and ending government funding for abortion.   In Indiana, concerned citizens from all corners of the State are  fighting tirelessly to protect pro-life principles. These are the  unsung heroes of the pro-life movement--those who have dedicated their  lives to saving innocent children. These and other Hoosiers, of course,  elected me to represent their interests in the Senate, but they also  elected me to represent their values. I have been proud to work on  legislation that reflects those values.   Already in this new Congress, I have joined dozens of my Senate  colleagues on a letter to President Trump asking for a public  commitment to only support pro-life legislative and administrative  policies. To be clear, this President has indeed been supportive of  pro-life policies, but House Democrats have already indicated they  intend to move forward with pro-abortion legislation this Congress. We  would like the President to let the House know that he is going to veto  any kind of legislation that doesn't respect the sanctity of life.   I have also joined several of my colleagues this week to sponsor the  No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act of 2019, which we just voted on.  This bill would have established a governmentwide statutory prohibition  on taxpayer subsidies for abortion or abortion coverage. Federal  taxpayer dollars should absolutely not be used to fund abortion.   I am incredibly disappointed that my colleagues didn't join me in  voting to pass this important legislation today. I will continue  looking for ways to advance this needed reform.   I am also a cosponsor of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection  Act, which ensures that a baby who survives an abortion will receive  the same treatment as any child naturally born premature at the very  same age. We must do all we can to protect innocent life.   Before being elected to the Senate, I sat on the board of directors  of the Hannah House in Bloomington, IN. This is a maternity home that  offers women loving support during their pregnancy. I also spent 2  years as a smalltown attorney in Southern Indiana. During that time, I  offered free legal services to parents who wanted to adopt. I am  passionate about helping children find loving forever homes and helping  caring adults become parents. I have come to appreciate firsthand,  through my own life experiences, the importance of advocating for those  who cannot advocate for themselves.   We are divided on so many issues today, but protecting the lives of  unborn children should not be one of those issues. I will continue  working on legislation that advances pro-life values, and I am hopeful  we can soon turn these actions into law.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   