 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee has  done a tremendous job navigating all these bills through a very  difficult negotiation in such a short timeframe. Her steady leadership,  experience, and focus completing this difficult task was critical to  ensuring an end product that will garner Republican support and that  the President will sign. I also want to thank Chairwoman Lowey for  keeping the process on track during the very difficult political times  that we are in.    I would also like to extend my sincere thanks to my chairman, Mr.  Visclosky, from the great State of Indiana. Mr. Visclosky has been a  tremendous partner to me and our side of the aisle throughout this  whole process maintaining the bipartisan nature of the Defense  Subcommittee. He has been very gracious and accommodating, and I thank  him sincerely. I look forward to continuing to work in a collaborative  manner during the coming year.   The bill includes $693 billion for the Department of Defense,  including $624 billion in base funds, $70.7 million for Overseas  Contingency Operations, and $1.8 billion in disaster assistance. In  total, this bill is nearly $19 billion more than the fiscal year 2019  level.   After thoughtful negotiations between the House and the Senate, we  have a good, balanced bill that we look forward to passing in both  Chambers and getting to the President for his signature.   Our number one priority is to provide for the Nation's defense. The  world remains a dangerous place. We have got troops in combat against  ISIS, al-Qaida, and associated forces. Authoritarian competitors-- especially China and Russia--are seeking regional dominance and trying  to upend the post-World War II international order. North Korea  continues to modernize its nuclear weapons capability and means of  delivery. A hostile Iran remains a threat to Israel and other U.S.  partners, as well as our forces in the Middle East. Instability to our  south has produced conditions that bring people, which tragically  includes unaccompanied children, into our Nation illegally.   For all these reasons, we must get this bill done.   As we all know, operating under continuing resolutions actually costs  more money and results in delayed capabilities. The department needs  stable, predictable, and timely funding to ensure it is prepared to  meet the threats we face now and in the feature.   The funding in this bill recognizes threats of U.S. interests  throughout the world while continuing modernization efforts to maintain  the peace and deter our near-peer adversaries.   It also supports the men and women in the military by addressing  quality-of-life issues that Chairman Visclosky has championed by  including additional funds to address childcare and medical care. Of  course, we fund the 3.1 percent pay raise and provide additional  funding for medical research. The bill increases funding for operations  and maintenance to sustain and improve readiness levels. Funding is  provided for robust procurement of next generation equipment to ensure  our men and women in uniform always have the tactical advantage. We  also increase funding for research and development to ensure we can  meet and preferably deter near-peer threats.   Madam Speaker, I encourage everyone to vote for this bill. It is a  strong bill and ensures that our military has the resources it needs.   I want to thank the staff on both sides for all their hard work.   