 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5  minutes on the NDAA.    Mr. President, I rise to speak on the importance of the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 legislation  that authorizes $750 billion for defense, consistent with the  administration's budget request and the National Defense Strategy  Commission report.   The NDAA is a critical piece of legislation. It supports our Armed  Forces, our men and women in uniform, and provides for the defense of  our Nation. Among its notable provisions, the bill supports a 3.1- percent pay increase for the members of our armed services, the largest  in nearly a decade and very much deserved by the men and women in  uniform who protect us.   It establishes a Space Force and ensures that America retains its  leadership in this critical domain. It opens the way for significant  investments in new weapons systems, such as hypersonic missiles and  directed energy weapons along with missile defense and cyber security  capabilities. It also responds to concerns about family housing across  the Department of Defense.   Importantly, the bill continues to provide for the modernization of  our nuclear forces. This legislation fully authorizes fiscal year 2020  spending on our nuclear deterrent, including support for all three legs  of the Nation's nuclear triad. It also fully authorizes the warhead  life extension programs at the Department of Energy.   I want to highlight a couple of amendments I worked on and are  included in the legislation relative to modernizing our nuclear triad.  One of the amendments that has been included requires that the Air  Force and the National Nuclear Security Administration report to  Congress on the development of the next intercontinental ballistic  missile and the W87-1, which is a modified warhead that will be placed  on the new ICBM for decades to come.   It is vital that the Air Force's missile development program, known  as the Ground-Based Strategic Deterrent, GBSD, be synchronized with the  W87-1 warhead so that a decade from now, we have a complete new weapons  system that is ready for deployment. My amendment will help ensure that  the deployment will happen on schedule and avoid unnecessary delays in  that development.   The other amendment highlights the importance of our Nation's ICBM  force and demonstrates how ICBMs enhance deterrence as a part of the  triad. ICBMs provide the most prompt and most dispersed segment of our  nuclear forces, and they magnify the deterrent power of our nuclear  triad.   I commend my colleagues for their support of these amendments, which  is a strong statement of the continuing importance of the ICBM and the  need to ensure that it is modernized along with the rest of our nuclear  forces in order to keep us safe.   The bill is also critically important for military activities in my  home State of North Dakota. Specifically, we worked to secure a number  of provisions to support the missions at the Minot Air Force Base,  which is home to two of the three legs of the nuclear triad.  Importantly, the NDAA authorizes funding for B-52s, including the  procurement of new engines. As a member of the Senate Defense  Appropriations Committee, I have worked to authorize and appropriate  money for new engines which will help modernize the B-52 and extend its  life for years to come.   The NDAA also advances replacement of the Vietnam-era Huey  helicopters that provide security for the missile fields, and it  supports the construction of a new helicopter facility at Minot to  house the Huey replacement. It also makes a strong commitment to the  Long-Range Stand Off, LRSO, Program that will provide a new nuclear  cruise missile for the B-52, as well as continuing to advance the  investments in GBSD.   The bill also supports priorities at Grand Forks Air Force Base,  which is home to the Global Hawk, which provides important  intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities for the Air  Force. In fact, it was the Navy version of the Global Hawk which was  recently shot down in the Strait of Hormuz by Iran.   The bill authorizes more than $240 million for the Global Hawk  Program and more than $115 million for the Battlefield Airborne  Communications Node that is carried on the Global Hawk Block 20  aircraft. These investments in the Global Hawk have been a priority  because the Global Hawk BACN system is urgently needed to provide  communications support for operations around the world.  [[Page S4601]]    Finally, I would like to emphasize support for items that some of my  colleagues put forward that I think are critically important both for  my State and for the Nation as a whole.   I am pleased to cosponsor an amendment from Senator Graham that  commits us over the next decade to building our capacity to produce  plutonium pits. We must build up this capacity so we can extend the  life of our nuclear stockpile and preserve our nuclear deterrent in the  future.   I also cosponsored an amendment from Senator Murkowski that requires  the Defense Department to report on Russian and Chinese activities in  the Arctic, which is an area of the world where we need to build up our  capabilities in the coming years.   I would similarly express my support for Senator Hawley's amendment  that requires a report from our military commanders on their ability to  deter aggressive actions from Russia and China. I hope that can be  included on this legislation as well.   The bill also includes an important provision from Senator Klobuchar  that I cosponsored to help ensure that the children of National Guard  and Reserve servicemembers have access to additional support services  in schools.   I cosponsored a provision from Senator Baldwin, who joins me on the  floor today, that will protect veterans' benefits if and when they have  to file for bankruptcy. I am pleased to cosponsor her amendment.   All of these items demonstrate just what a large undertaking the  National Defense Authorization Act really is. It includes thousands of  provisions and represents a lot of work from many Members in support of  our military servicemembers and their families.   I look forward to passing the legislation today and moving it to  conference and getting it enacted into law for our men and women in  uniform.   I yield the floor.   