 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1500  which would ensure at least one member of the Consumer Advisory Board  be an expert in privacy.   Over a decade ago, predatory lending and lax regulation led to one of  the most devastating financial crises in our lifetime or any lifetime.  The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, or CFPB, was established  by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act  in response to this crisis. The CFPB is tasked with implementing and  enforcing federal consumer financial laws while ensuring consumer  access to fair, transparent, and competitive financial products and  services.   Under former Director Richard Cordray, the CFPB returned roughly $12  billion to over 30 million consumers who fell victim to deceptive  financial practices, handled over 1.2 million consumer complaints about  financial firms, reined in payday lenders, examined mortgage and  student loan servicers, combated discrimination in lending, and held a  number of bad actors accountable.   Under this administration, the CFPB's leadership ordered a number of  changes that weakened its ability to protect consumers. This included  firing members of the Consumer Advisory Board and reducing the size of  the board. This hurt the CFPB's ability to help and protect consumers.   The board's experts help inform the CFPB about emerging practices and  trends in the consumer finance industry and share analysis and  recommendations. It helps ensure the government fully leverages  expertise of those from outside of government.   H.R. 1500, the Consumers First Act, would reverse anticonsumer  changes taken by the administration and strengthen the Consumer  Advisory Board. The bill would require the CFPB director to appoint at  least 25 members, at least two-thirds of which would have to represent  consumers, including fair lending and civil rights experts and  representatives of communities affected by high-priced mortgages. My  amendment would require at least one member of that board to be a  demonstrated expert in privacy.   My amendment is needed because the interplay of privacy and  technology in the financial landscape has changed dramatically since  2008. As internet connectivity increases, Americans now transmit more  of their personal and financial information on the internet at  exponentially higher rates than in the past, and their data is at risk.   Since 2013 there have been at least 10 major data breaches  compromising billions of consumers. A number of these breaches exposed  consumers' financial information. For example, Marriott International's  2018 breach compromised the personal information of some 500 million  customers, including credit card numbers of more than 100 million. In  2017 Equifax was breached, exposing the personal information of 143  million consumers, including Social Security numbers. In 2014 the  Nation's largest bank, JPMorgan Chase, was breached, compromising 76  million, or two in three U.S. households. The list, unfortunately, goes  on and on.   In the wake of these high-profile data breaches and privacy  violations, consumers are increasingly concerned about their online  personal and financial privacy. A recent Pew Research Center public  opinion study found that over half feel that their personal information  is less secure than it was just 5 years ago, and 68 percent of internet  users believe current laws are not good enough in protecting people's  privacy online.   Our consumers are demanding action on the issue of privacy, and our  privacy laws and enforcement significantly lag much of the rest of the  world. Obviously, the current system is not working to ensure that  personal privacy is protected.   My amendment responds to these concerns by ensuring that an expert in  consumer privacy is part of the membership of the CFPB's Consumer  Advisory Board. It will make sure that these concerns are front and  center at the table as the board provides its advice to the CFPB.   My amendment is a small, yet important, nonpartisan amendment in  response to the growing movement in Congress and across the Nation and  world to protect consumers' personal data and basic right of privacy.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the comments o my colleague very  much and the support. This clearly demonstrates that when it comes to  consumer privacy, there is no party involved. We are all concerned  about it regardless of our party. So I appreciate those comments.    I would only add that certainly this member of the board should deal  not only with data breaches, but also with the basic rules and  regulations that govern privacy. We need a large, massive, and  increased broad government debate over our own rules on privacy in this  country where, in fact, we do lag the rest of the world.   Madam Chair, I appreciate, again, my colleague's support, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   