 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for yielding, and I thank  her for her leadership on these issues and so many others in her  committee's domain.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1921, the bipartisan  Ocean Acidification Innovation Act. Ocean acidification is a rising  threat to coastal communities throughout the Pacific Northwest and  threatens entire livelihoods and industries in my home State of  Washington.   There are generation of folks along the sound and in our coastal  communities who have worked in fishing and in shellfish growing, but  that is endangered if we don't maintain a healthy Pacific Ocean.   Growing evidence suggests that acidic ocean conditions harm the  ability of many marine organisms to generate shells. These marine  organisms, which include oysters, mussels, and pteropods are a key part  of the food chain for salmon, herring, and other fish.   Scientists back home at the University of Washington recently  discovered that ocean acidification also threatens the more than $220  million Dungeness crab fishery, raising serious concerns about future  implications for species and ecosystems in the region.   In Washington State alone, the commercial fishing and seafood  processing industry, which includes shellfish aquaculture, contribute  nearly 16,000 jobs and $9.4 billion in revenue to our economy.  According to a report by Washington Sea Grant, Washington State is the  Nation's leading producer of farmed clams, oysters, and mussels, and  not only are these products delicious, they support jobs.   So really, the Ocean Acidification Innovation Act is really about  jobs. This bill would allow Federal agencies to use existing funds to  conduct prize competitions to increase the ability to research,  monitor, and manage ocean acidification and its impacts. I agree with  the chair that this can't and shouldn't replace direct investment in  research. But this bill creates a strong incentive for experts to focus  on developing innovative solutions to this serious challenge.   This legislation was created in collaboration with key stakeholders,  including the XPRIZE Foundation, an innovative nonprofit organization  that creates competitions designed to encourage increased investment in  solutions to major societal problems. So, for example, the Ansari  XPRIZE awarded for personal spaceflight technology helped launch a  brand-new $2 billion private space industry.   Research also suggests that prize competitions often increase  exponentially the amount of research focused on solving a problem. For  example, the Ansari XPRIZE yielded over $100 million in private  research as 26 teams competed for a $10 million prize.   So Federal agencies have increasingly viewed these prize competitions  as a means of maximizing the return on taxpayer dollars, leveraging  prizes to attract more resources to tackle different scientific  challenges.   Mr. Speaker, I believe the Ocean Acidification and Innovation Act  will encourage collaboration and spur innovative strategies to mitigate  and adapt to ocean acidification. It will help communities,  environments, and industries that rely on healthy oceans and are facing  the hard realities of increasing ocean acidification.   I want to thank my colleague from the Pacific Northwest,  Representative Jamie Herrera Beutler, as well as Suzanne Bonamici and    Don Young for cosponsoring this important legislation. I also want to  thank the chair and the ranking member for their continued leadership  and their support of this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   