 Mr. President, maybe the fastest way to put people to  sleep is to give a speech on cloture here in the Senate, but I hope  that is not the case, because, as my colleague from Iowa just pointed  out, this is an abuse of the Senate rules to do nothing but to obstruct  and to slow down President Trump's well-qualified nominees for  important positions.   This is not about their qualifications. This is not about exercising  the constitutional responsibility of advice and consent. In virtually  every instance in which the clock has been burned to get to an eventual  vote, these largely noncontroversial nominees have been confirmed  overwhelmingly.   Call it part of the ``Trump derangement'' syndrome or the ``never  Trump'' effort. It is very clear to me that rather than take these  nominees one at a time, treat them fairly, assess their qualifications,  and vote on their nomination, these people are being delayed and denied  an opportunity to serve, and many of them have just simply given up  because of the backlog of nominations. It is unfair to them, it is  unfair to this administration, and it is completely an abuse of the  Senate rules.   We know that our Democratic colleagues have unnecessarily blocked  nominees, put them through the ringer in hearings, and, in one  particular case--the Kavanaugh nomination--engaged in an all-out smear  campaign.   This treatment has grabbed headlines, but the story that doesn't get  much attention is what I want to talk about now--this practice of  eating up time on the floor, using every second of the rules to  essentially eliminate the possibility that we can take up other  bipartisan legislation or consider these nominees on any sort of  efficient and effective basis.   As a result of the work, these nominees are being denied an  opportunity to serve, the floor is being occupied by nominations that  are uncontroversial, and we are unable to get to other important work  that the American people want us to do.   Now, it is true that the Senate is not known for speed, and, more  often than not, there is a good reason. When we are appropriating  taxpayer dollars or debating sanctions on hostile governments or  negotiating changes to our healthcare system, speed is not always an  asset.   But when it comes to confirming nominees--those who already have had  a hearing, who aren't controversial, who have already received a vote  in committee--the process should be able to move rather quickly and  efficiently.   But, as I said, this is part of a concerted effort to undermine the  Trump administration, to deny them the appointees necessary for them to  conduct the Nation's business, and, in many instances, these are  Ambassadors who should be representing the United States of America in  foreign countries where it is important we maintain good communication  with those other countries.   Over the last 2 years, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  have forced votes on nominees who in previous years would have sailed  through the Senate.   Let's look at some of these numbers. You can see how much red there  is on this chart--cloture votes in the first Congress. President Trump  had 128 cloture votes, President Obama had 12, President Bush had 4,  and President Clinton had 8. What that means is that, for example, in  the Clinton administration, there were 120 nominees who were confirmed  without the necessity of even going through the procedure of cloture.  Frequently, these nominees are either passed by voice vote or unanimous  consent or at some agreed upon time. Even fewer required a cloture vote  under President George W. Bush. There were 12 under President Obama and  128 under President Trump. If we were to continue down this same path,  we would not be able to do anything else except consider nominations by  this President, and we still wouldn't get to the end of the list.   Our Democratic colleagues don't want to hold votes on these nominees  to support or oppose a nomination; they simply want to waste the  Senate's time and to test the patience of the American people. The  majority of these nominees, as I said, aren't controversial. Nearly  half received the support of 60 or more Senators during the cloture  vote, and more than one-third got 70-plus votes.   As I said, the delay and obstruction have led to a long list of  vacancies across every Department and Agency. Critical leadership  positions have gone unfulfilled while the nominees await confirmation  votes from the Senate. As I said, many have simply given up, unwilling  to accept any more disruption in their personal lives in the vain hope  that perhaps someday, somehow, they will get a vote in the Senate. This  list includes Ambassadors, Federal judges, Under Secretaries, Assistant  Secretaries, and inspectors general. The list continues to grow while  our Democratic colleagues insist on votes that will not change the  outcome.   It is one thing to have a nominee whose qualifications are  controversial or where a debate would enlighten the Members of the  Senate on how best to cast their vote, but that is not what is  happening here.   Despite our repeated pleas for Democrats to cooperate, things aren't  going to change. That is why the rules change we are contemplating is  so important. It would expedite the process for many nominees to  receive a vote on the floor. It won't change the number of votes they  need to get confirmed--they will still need to get a majority of  votes--or tilt the scale in their favor in any way; it will simply make  sure we are not wasting time that is not being used in order to delay  or defeat nominations.   Ironically, we have been told by our Senate colleagues on the other  side that if we were to pass a rule limiting the postcloture time to 2  hours and we would start it in 2021, at the end of President Trump's  current term of office, they would vote for it. So this is really an  unprincipled and nakedly partisan approach, because while they are  willing to do it for the next President--and that could well be a  second Trump term, or it could well be another President--they won't do  it now, which demonstrates the hypocrisy they are exhibiting.   What would happen is, a nominee would get a hearing in front of the  appropriate committee. That would be debated, and there would be a vote  up or down. If the nominee was passed out of the committee and made  available to come to the floor, the Senate majority leader could still  file a paper asking for a cloture vote. If that was obtained, then the  postcloture time would be reduced from 30 hours to 2 hours. In the  [[Page S1504]]  meantime, there would be an intervening day during which debate would  occur. Every Senator would still enjoy the right to vote against any  nominee they don't support, but to just burn time for time's sake is an  abuse of the Senate rules and needs to stop. It is not just hurting  these nominees; it is not just hurting the Senate; it is hurting the  country. These Ambassadors, judges, and appointed officials who serve  in the State Department, the Department of Defense, and the inspectors  general who make sure that taxpayer dollars are spent legally and  efficiently and that people are doing their jobs--none of those  positions are able to be filled.   I would point out that this rule change does not apply to all  nominees. High-level Cabinet positions and Supreme Court Justices would  still receive the 30 hours of debate time after 51 Senators have voted  to proceed to that vote.   It is important to note that this type of rules change isn't new.  Actually, in 2013, there was a negotiated, bipartisan standing rule  when Majority Leader Harry Reid and the current Democratic leader,  Chuck Schumer, introduced a similar change to speed up the process, and  this simply builds on the foundation they laid down. So if we asked  them to do now what was done then on a bipartisan basis, their answer  will be no--for no good reason other than it is President Trump who  would presumably benefit from this restoration of that same process.   As I said, the real hypocrisy of their position is indicated by the  fact that they said they would vote for this rule, but they don't want  it to take effect now. They want it to take effect in 2021. In short,  they appear to believe that what we are trying to do is an important  rules change to make, but they don't want to do it if it benefits a  President they clearly despise.   This political theater is being orchestrated by Senate Democrats and  is impacting our ability to carry out our constitutional duty of advice  and consent. I believe this is a necessary step to get the Senate back  on track, and I will support this rules change when it comes to the  floor for a vote and would encourage all of my colleagues to do the  same.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   