 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to  confirm that Native Hawaiians and Alaska Natives are included for the  purposes and considerations of the U.S. Export Finance Agency's new  Office of Minority and Women Inclusion.   I am very proud to be joined in offering this amendment by my friend  and colleague, the dean of this House, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr.  Young).   In reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank of the United States, H.R. 4863 would  create an Office of Minority and Women Inclusion for the new U.S.  Export Finance Agency. This office would be responsible for engaging  with minority-owned and women-owned businesses in the program,  contracts and activities of the agency. This includes outreach to those  businesses to ensure their awareness of the export assistance provided  by the agency.   The laudable policy goal of this office is to increase access to  export assistance and foster overall business for underrepresented  communities.   However, H.R. 4863 currently uses references to section 1204(c) of  the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of  1989, which defines ``minority'' as ``any Black American, Native  American, Hispanic American, or Asian American.''   Because of the unique statuses that Native Hawaiians and Alaska  Natives have and the complexities of Federal law, the term ``Native  American'' is not always understood to include Native Hawaiians and  Alaska Natives.   My amendment is a simple clarification that for the purposes of the  agency and its Office of Minority and Women Inclusion, those groups are  included, as they are for many other comparable Federal programs.   Adopting this amendment ensures that Native Hawaiian-owned and Alaska  Native-owned businesses will be  [[Page H8867]]  part of the agency's outreach efforts and have greater opportunity to  benefit from the agency's export assistance.   In my home State of Hawaii, Native Hawaiian-owned businesses are an  essential part of our economy, but this is also true in countless other  communities throughout our country.   According to the 2012 Survey of Business Owners, there are almost  26,000 Native Hawaiian-owned businesses in the United States, employing  over 20,000 people.   Improving outreach to Native Hawaiian-owned businesses by the agency  provides these businesses the chance to grow and expand opportunities  for the families and communities they support, not just in Hawaii, but  across the country.   Native Hawaiian-owned businesses contribute to the economies of every  single State and the District of Columbia. Nearly half of those  businesses operate outside of Hawaii.   These statistics demonstrate the involvement of Native Hawaiian  businesses in our business communities, but they also do not adequately  give voice to the extent to which their businesses contribute to the  overall empowerment of Native Hawaiian communities, nor do such numbers  tell the story of the countless lives that have been improved and the  communities strengthened as a result of their innovation and  entrepreneurship.   Everything that I have said here today applies equally to Alaska  Natives, as I am sure Mr. Young would be quick to point out.   This amendment will ensure that the reauthorized agency will help  Native Hawaiian-owned and Alaska Native-owned businesses pursue new  business opportunities, support American jobs across the country, and  sustain and enrich the communities they support, as will be the case  for other minority- and women-owned businesses.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate very much that, in the middle of  the remarks of my colleague, I certainly heard and detected support for  this amendment.   I appreciate my colleague in the minority recognizing the importance  of minority- and women-owned businesses throughout our country and  their contributions to our export community.   This is certainly consistent with my colleagues' earlier comments  that they fully support the provisions of this bill that do, in fact,  recognize that disadvantaged communities throughout our country often  need extra assistance. As I said earlier, this is consistent very much  with other Federal programs.   I would certainly, to the gentleman's comments about China, Russia,  and other countries, emphasize that, in this particular area, the more  American businesses that can participate in export-related activities  throughout the world, the better we will all be in this country with  respect to our relations with these other countries.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   