 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 375  introduced by my friend Representative Cole from Oklahoma.   H.R. 375 is a simple, straightforward fix to a problem that has  caused chaos and uncertainty in Indian Country for a decade.   Ten years ago, the Supreme Court handed down what is now known as the  Carcieri decision. In that decision, the Court determined that  eligibility for trust land acquisition under the Indian Reorganization  Act of 1934 only applies to Tribes that were federally recognized as of  1934.   The acquisition of trust land for the benefit of Indian Tribes is  absolutely essential to Tribal self-determination, economic  development, and protection of Tribal homelands. The Carcieri decision  created an unfair, impractical, two-tiered system for Tribes that  wanted to engage in this essential function of Tribal sovereignty.   H.R. 375 simply amends the IRA to ensure that all federally  recognized Tribes are treated equally, regardless of the date of  recognition.   The Carcieri decision and its consequences harken back to the Federal  Government's shameful history of oppression in Native communities. The  decimation of Tribes and their homeland by the Federal Government is  well documented. For centuries, we ignored their treaties and  systematically stripped them of their land. It has taken almost a  century for us to even begin to undo the damage we have inflicted on  indigenous peoples.   Mr. Speaker, that work is nowhere near done. To this day, we are  still federally recognizing tribes that the government tried to  destroy. We are still striving to return merely a small portion of  ancestral land back to Tribes so they can have homelands to call their  own.   In order to continue to undo the harm we have done, we must end this  system of haves and have-nots for trust land acquisition. We must level  the playing field and alleviate the catastrophic consequences this  decision has had in Indian Country.   We must pass H.R. 375, the clean Carcieri fix. If we do not, this  administration will continue to strip trust land from Tribes like the  Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, which is the subject of another bill on the  floor today. Tribes will continue to suffer needlessly, once again at  the hands of the Federal Government.   Indian Country has been clamoring for this clean, simple fix for a  decade, and we cannot make them wait any longer.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   