 Mr. President, I thank my colleague and my friend for his  leadership, and I thank him for yielding the floor to me.   I have been here 19 years. It is pretty hard to believe. Some of my  detractors say it seems longer. It has gone by pretty fast. In the  past, I have been privileged to have been a naval flight officer for  many years and retired as a Navy captain. I am the last Vietnam veteran  to serve in the U.S. Senate today.   I have been privileged to serve as treasurer, Congressman, Governor,  and Senator for my State. I loved being Governor. I love being a  Senator. I am really lucky. There are 1,900 people in the history of  our country who have had the privilege of serving here, and we get to  be among them.   Before I came here, I was Governor for 8 years and got to be chairman  of the National Governors Association as well. It was a huge honor to  work with Governors. There are a bunch of former Governors here whom I  get to work with today. I like that a lot.   During the 8 years I was Governor, we had 8 years of balanced  budgets. In 7 out of those 8 years, we actually cut taxes, but we  always balanced our budget. We paid down some debt, and we earned an  AAA credit rating for the first time in State history. More jobs were  created in those 8 years--in the 8-year period in the history of the  State of Delaware. I don't say that to be boastful. I didn't create one  of them. As Governor, I tried to provide some leadership and to work  with stakeholders in our State and in our government and outside of  government--people from all walks of life and businesses large and  small. I tried to create a nurturing environment for job creation and  job preservation. That is what we tried to do, and we were pretty good  at it. We were pretty good at it. We are still pretty good at it in  Delaware.   That nurturing environment is made up of a lot of different things.  Among the elements are our workforce, people who are educated, trained,  and have the experience to work to contribute in the workplace, whether  it is agriculture, tourism, financial services, manufacturing,  technology, you name it.   Right now, we have a big challenge in filling all of these holes in  jobs around the country. We just got a jobs report last Friday that  shows how the job market was going in the country in the month of  November. One of the things we learned in the jobs report was that  maybe about 156 million or 157 million people went to work in November  every day, but there are 5 million or 6 million jobs where nobody  showed up. Nobody showed up because they didn't have the skills, the  education, or the training, or they didn't live in the right part of  the country, they didn't want to do that kind of job, or maybe they  couldn't pass a drug test.   A lot of jobs are going wanting in this country. That has to be a  concern as we try to provide a nurturing environment, work on the  workforce side of preparing them for success, and help to bolster the  growth of our economy going forward.   Among the other pieces of that nurturing environment, besides the  workforce, are access to foreign markets and the investment by the  Federal Government and State governments, too, in the private sector to  put investment into research and development that can be commercialized  in order to create the successful businesses going forward in the  future.   Transportation is important, not just roads, highways, and bridges,  but rail transportation, shipping, air. All of that is important.  Access to the internet--there are a lot of places in the country that  don't have access to the internet. We think they are just in rural  areas, but a lot of them are in cities--in cities that have tough  neighborhoods and are struggling.   Last night I was privileged to have dinner with the cabinet secretary  for the State of Delaware, who has been working in a great partnership  in our State, where the State provides money and we work with private  sector partners to help bring broadband to virtually every rural part  of our State.  [[Page S6963]]  That is a great goal, and I think we are closing in on achieving that.  That is another important element in the environment for successful  businesses and for business growth.   Other ingredients include public safety, and they include the  protection of our intellectual property, cyber security, and the  ability to make sure that for our products--whether they are goods and  services, or goods or services, or both--we have the ability to sell  those into markets around the world without impediment.   Another one that is important is the Tax Code--a tax code that is  fair, a tax code that fosters economic growth, a tax code that is not  incredibly difficult for people to understand and comply with, and a  tax code that doesn't leave us with a huge hole in our budget deficit.   The folks at CBO tell us these days, if we look at spending as a  percentage of GDP--Federal spending as a percentage of GDP--today, it  is a little over 20 percent, maybe 20.5 percent. The percentage of  revenues of GDP is about 16 percent. When you spend 20 percent of GDP  and you raise about 60 percent of GDP revenue, that delta there is our  deficit.   The deficit for the last fiscal year was $850 billion. I haven't sat  down and added this up. That is probably more than the first 200 years  of our country, combined, and it is $850 billion in 1 year.   The deficit for the current year is expected to be $1 trillion. It is  an unimaginable number, except maybe in the case of a war, like World  War II or maybe World War I.   I serve on the Finance Committee with Senator Wyden, Senator Brown,  who is on the floor now, and Senator Stabenow. We were faced with the  opportunity to do smart things with respect to our Tax Code, to try to  make it more fair, better able to foster economic growth, less complex,  and, actually, to reduce deficits.   As it turned out, without a single Democratic vote--in fact, we  didn't have the opportunity to offer amendments as the measure moved  through committee and on to the floor through the Senate, and we had no  opportunity to offer amendments.   I just sat in a hearing in the Finance Committee a few minutes ago,  and they quoted Rob Wallace, from Wyoming, a senior official now in the  Interior Department. Rob Wallace likes to say that the best solutions  are the most lasting solutions, and they are bipartisan solutions. They  are bipartisan solutions. We had the tax changes. They were massive  changes in the Tax Code that were run through here without any  bipartisan support.   We were told at the time the tax bill was signed into law by  President Trump that it would pay for itself, that it would not  increase deficits--that it would actually pay for itself, it would  lower taxes. It would pay for itself, and we would have more revenues.   As it turns out, that is not true. It wasn't true this time, and,  frankly, it has been asserted many times that if we can continue to cut  taxes, revenues will just flow, and everything will be just hunky-dory.  That is not true, unfortunately.   Almost 2 years, to the day, have passed since the Republican tax bill  was enacted. I think it is time to take a good look at some questions  that my Democratic colleagues and I posed when we were debating this  bill, to see how this law has fared.   First of all, is it fair?   A fair tax law would have ensured that working families in Delaware  and across the country share in the benefits of tax reform.  Unfortunately, the 2017 Republicans tax law fails the fairness test in  spectacular fashion.   According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, by 2027, the top 1  percent of earners will receive 83 percent of this tax law's relief.  Eighty-three percent is for the top 1 percent. By the same time,  Americans earning less than $75,000 will actually see their taxes go  up. How about that?   When it became clear that the wealthiest Americans would get the  lion's share of the benefits, this administration tried to play a game  of smoke and mirrors with the American people by promising that their  massive corporate tax giveaway would trickle down to working families.    President Trump told us that the average household would see their  income increase by $4,000 to $9,000 per year. Sadly, it is clear that  has not happened. In fact, according to a report by the nonpartisan  Congressional Research Service, ordinary workers saw very little wage  growth in 2018.   What about the bonuses that workers were promised? That same  Congressional Research Service report shows that the bonuses attributed  by companies to the tax law--when divided among all American workers-- comes out to $28 per person. It is not exactly the rewards that were  promised.   The second question is, how does this tax law encourage economic  growth? It was passed at a time when we were about 8 years into the  longest running economic expansion in the history of the country when  this was enacted. It came as the economy was growing consistently for  almost a decade.   Two years ago, a survey of top economists from across the political  spectrum found that only 1 out of the 43 experts surveyed believed this  type of tax reform would boost economic growth. It turns out that the  other 42 were right. Don't take my word for it. Let's look at some  facts.   The CRS report I mentioned earlier found that in 2018, GDP grew at  2.9 percent, the same as what the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office predicted before the tax law was factored in. Business  investment did increase in 2019, but CRS found that the investment  patterns did not align with the incentives of the 2017 tax law, raising  questions about how much longer term, sustainable growth will result  from the law. For example, CRS found that the tax law made investing in  R&D comparably more expensive than investing in other areas, such as  equipment and structures. But R&D investment actually increased faster  than investment in equipment and structures in 2018.   In fact, now that the sugar high of the corporate tax cuts has  passed, business investment has started to slow in 2019 to the point  where the Federal Reserve has cited what they call continued softness  in business and investment as a key reason for the Fed's most recent  interest rate cut. Instead of sustained investments, corporations have  used their savings from the tax law for record-setting stock buybacks  that have an outsized benefit for wealthy shareholders and senior  executives.   Job growth follows the same pattern. Despite President Trump's  constant self-congratulations over jobs numbers, job growth has  averaged about 180,000 per month so far in 2019, down from the sugar- high average of 223,000 per month in 2018. In fact, average job growth  in 2019 is more comparable to job growth in 2016, where it was about  193,000 a month. In 2017, it was about 179,000 per month, in the 2  years leading up to the tax law's enactment.   The third question: Did it simplify the Tax Code?   One goal of tax reform was supposed to be simplifying the Tax Code,  to reduce the unpredictability and uncertainty, but the 2017 Republican  tax law fails on this question too.   In 2017, Republicans said that after tax reform, Americans would be  able to file their taxes on a postcard. What we ended up with last year  is a mighty big postcard--one that included six new schedules, and, as  then-National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson predicted, caused additional  complexity and hassle for taxpayers, increased the risk of errors, and  resulted in higher tax preparation bills for most American families. In  fact, the word ``postcard'' got to be so unwieldy that the IRS has now  redesigned the form to look more like the one Americans filled out pre- tax law.   We also failed to get greater certainty from the 2017 tax law. I have  heard from Delaware families and businesses alike that they are  concerned about the impact of the tax law's mistakes and unintended  consequences--an unsurprising development since our colleagues rushed  to pass the law in the dead of night without any public hearings and  with changes scribbled in the margins.   What is more, the law created a new fiscal cliff at the end of 2025,  which makes tax policy unpredictable for families and businesses.   That brings me to my fourth and final question: Has it been fiscally  responsible?   Even though the law's individual provisions--including the increase  in child  [[Page S6964]]  tax credit increase in the standard deduction--expire at the end 2025,  this law blows a $1.5 trillion hole in our national debt. And it will  be far costlier than that as the deficits grow in the years and decades  ahead.   Two years ago, our Republican friends in Congress and the  administration repeatedly claimed their tax law would pay for itself.  As I said earlier, it just hasn't happened.   According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, U.S. tax  revenue in 2018 was $275 billion lower than if the tax law had not been  enacted and lower than otherwise would have happened. This sharp drop  in corporate income tax revenue has been particularly dramatic.   CBO data shows that corporations paid $135 billion less in 2018 than  they would have if the law had not gone into effect--a decline of  nearly 40 percent. As a result, U.S. revenue as a percentage of GDP in  2018 was 16.4 percent, a lot lower than the 19 percent during the 4  years of balanced budgets in the Clinton administration, when we had a  Republican majority in the House and Senate.   The other side of this equation is, again, that the spending was 20.5  percent. That delta between those two numbers explains the deficit.   Let me close with this. I would like to quote a fellow from Wyoming,  who was recently before the Energy and Public Works Committee. He has  been nominated to be the head of the part of the Interior Department  that includes national parks and fisheries and wildlife. He used to  work for Malcolm Wallop here. He is a longtime friend of John Barrasso  and I think others from Wyoming, Mike Enzi. He is a very impressive  guy. I like him a lot. This is one of the things he said: Bipartisan  solutions are lasting solutions. That is what he said. He said:  Bipartisan solutions are lasting solutions.   The tax law that was enacted 2 years ago was not a bipartisan  solution. As it turns out, in retrospect, it has not been fair, it has  not fostered the kind of economic growth long term that we expected or  hoped or told it would bring, and it has not made the Tax Code all that  much simpler. And, finally, it has just dramatically inflated the  budget deficit. That is not sustainable. Other than that, it turned out  just great.   I yield the floor to some others who have been waiting, including  Senator Brown and Senator Stabenow.    Mr. President, I take no joy today in rising to urge my  colleagues to join me in voting no on the cloture of the nomination of  Aurelia Skipwith to serve as Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service.   To my disappointment and dismay, Ms. Skipwith has not provided  information pertaining to her activities at the Interior Department  that was requested by Senate Democrats during her nomination process.  Despite my repeated requests for this information since August-- requests made twice in writing and twice in person during her  nomination process--Ms. Skipwith has refused to produce information  that is routinely provided by other nominees. She even suggested--get  this--that I file a Freedom of Information Act request for the basic  information I seek. I worry, once confirmed, Ms. Skipwith's  forthrightness will only worsen, which will severely impair our ability  to conduct meaningful oversight over the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service.   Ms. Skipwith's lack of candor has elevated questions that already  existed about her qualifications, her commitment to environmental  conservation, and whether she can ethically lead the U.S. Fish and  Wildlife Service. I believe it is irresponsible to confirm a nominee  given these serious outstanding issues. I urge my colleagues to join me  in voting no on cloture.   I thank the Presiding Officer.    Mr. President, I rise this evening with a very important  reminder for many Delawareans and for all Americans, but before I do  that, I want to say that today is December 11, and 4 days ago was  December 7. A lot of people think of December 7 as Pearl Harbor Day,  and for many years of my life, I did as well. It is also Delaware Day.  Senator Chris Coons, Lisa Blunt Rochester, and I are hosting a  reception on Capitol Hill today, and we call it ``A Taste of  Delaware.'' We are inviting folks to come and join us if they would  like.   The reason I mention Delaware Day is because that was actually the  day Delaware became the first State to ratify the Constitution. For 1  whole week, we were the entire United States of America. We kind of  opened things up and let the rest of the other 49 States in, and I  think it has worked out pretty well most days since then.   If you look at the preamble of the Constitution, it starts off with  these words: ``We the people of these United States, in order to form a  more perfect Union.'' That is what it says. It doesn't say ``to form a  perfect Union; it says ``to form a more perfect Union.'' It goes on to  talk about the public welfare and how we should be looking out for the  good of all our citizens.   The Constitution was ratified in a place called the Golden Fleece  Tavern in Dover, DE, on December 7, 1787, after 3 days of deliberation  by about 25 or so Delawareans.   There is a fellow who used to be President of Delaware--now we call  him Governor of Delaware--a fellow named Caesar Rodney, who apparently  literally rode his horse from Dover, DE, a few years earlier, past very  near to where the Golden Fleece Tavern stood for many years. He rode  his horse past the Golden Fleece Tavern on his way to Philadelphia to  cast the tie-breaking vote in favor of the Declaration of Independence.   The words in the Declaration of Independence were largely written by  Thomas Jefferson and include these words: ``life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness.'' It is hard to have life, liberty, and much  happiness without access to good healthcare or without good health.   I mention these words because that goes back to the founding of our  country, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution itself  particularly, the preamble of the Constitution, which makes clear that  we ought to be looking out for the welfare of our people.   I stand before us today reminding us that if we don't have good  health and if we don't have access to healthcare, it is pretty hard to  be happy, at least for a lifetime.   I say that as sort of a preface to what I want to say now, which is  that not everybody who is eligible for healthcare who needs healthcare  is covered. We have a lot of people who get their healthcare from  employer-provided plans. We have 300 million people in all who get  healthcare coverage in this country--half of them from employer- provided plans, about 25 percent from Medicaid, about 15 percent from  Medicare--and there is about another 10 percent who in some cases don't  have any coverage. About 20 million people have no coverage.   A lot of people now get their coverage from exchanges. Every State  has  [[Page S6996]]  its own healthcare exchange or marketplace. A lot of people are getting  their healthcare there.   A bunch of people use qualified community health centers in States on  the east coast, in the Midwest, and across America. Whether you have 10  cents or $10,000, you can get healthcare at these places, and that is  good.   But a lot of people who could sign up and get their healthcare in  marketplaces in each State don't know about it. There is an opportunity  to enroll in the marketplaces and get healthcare coverage by midnight  on this coming Sunday, on December 15. I just want to spend a couple of  minutes reminding people who don't have coverage to do that and tell  them why it is a good deal for them and their families.   There is some good news here. The good news is that all across our  country, folks have 4 more days to sign up. There is also some more  good news, and that is that after going up, up, up for years, the cost  of premiums in the exchanges and marketplaces actually dropped this  year. In most marketplaces, I think the average reduction is about 4  percent. And for the next year, in more than half a dozen States,  premiums will be coming down by double digits. In Delaware, the cost of  healthcare in our marketplace, starting with coverage beginning January  1, will be down by 19 percent.   What has happened here is that after a number of years where  healthcare insurers were dropping out of the business of offering  coverage in the marketplaces, they are starting to offer coverage  again. Twenty-three insurers offered coverage in States this year that  hadn't been offering coverage. Beginning January 1, I think about 45  more will start providing coverage. That means we are going to have  some competition for customers, for folks who need insurance, and that  competition will help create what I call a virtuous cycle, helping to  bring down costs even more. More choices means more competition. That  is a good thing for our consumers and States across America.   But wait, there is more. This year, three out of four customers can  find a plan for less than--are you ready for this?--75 bucks a month.  Think about that. Customers can find a plan in the marketplace on the  exchange for less than 75 bucks a month.   Some people might be wondering whether the Affordable Care Act  marketplace is the right choice for them or their loved ones. That is a  good question to ask. The marketplace provides quality, affordable  healthcare coverage for Americans who don't receive affordable health  insurance through their employer.   For instance, last Friday, a couple of people I have been talking to  in my State just in the last week or so about healthcare coverage--I  was down at a place called Lewes, DE, which was first colonized by the  Dutch 400 years ago. It was the first town and the first city, Lewes,  DE--I met there a fellow who is a self-employed artist. His name is  G.W. Thompson, and his life was forever changed by the Affordable Care  Act when he was able to find affordable and comprehensive health  insurance.   For folks that are waiting to start a business and need healthcare  insurance, I would encourage you to do this: Visit HealthCare.gov--I  will say that again, HealthCare.gov--today. Find a plan that works for  you. You have got plenty of choices.   Earlier this year, I met a widower in Delaware named Marie. She lives  with a preexisting condition. As it turns out, there are tens of  millions of people in this country who live with a preexisting  condition. For many, many years, they didn't have access to healthcare  because they had a preexisting condition. That is not the case anymore.  Folks who do have a preexisting condition, they can get access to  healthcare thanks to the excellent staff at a place called Westside  Family Healthcare. That is one of the federally qualified community  health centers, and they have a great place in Delaware. Marie was able  to go there and enroll in an ACA plan that covers her preexisting  condition and helps to keep her happy.   Let me just say to the folks across the country, if you are 1 of 133  million Americans living with a preexisting condition, I urge you to  visit, again, HealthCare.gov, HealthCare.gov. Find a plan that works  for you. If you are a young person who has just turned 26 and can no  longer stay on your parents' health plan, visit HealthCare.gov today  and find a plan that works for you. If you or your family have tried to  enroll in Medicaid but did not qualify, visit HealthCare.gov today and  find a plan that works for you.   Don't forget, nearly 9 out of 10 customers are eligible for financial  help, which could mean a big savings for you and your family, but to  that line, I said this before--I am going to say it again--make the  call. The deadline to enroll in affordable healthcare in one of the  marketplaces in your State is this Sunday. It is Sunday at midnight. So  you have got 4 days and, depending on which time zone you are living  in, maybe close to 6 hours in order to sign up.   Don't wait another day, though. Sign up today. Go to HealthCare.gov  now through this Sunday, December 15, to shop for a plan that will give  you and your family coverage through 2020. If you sign up, sign up  before midnight this Sunday. You will have coverage beginning January 1  through December 31 of next year.   I know there are a lot of things that always have to get done before  the end of the year. This is one that I think is too important to miss.  It is too important to miss. So one more time, visit HealthCare.gov to  find healthcare coverage that works for you and your family's needs and  your budget, regardless of what State you live in, if you have no  coverage.   Mr. President, I want to end this by saying, since the Affordable  Care Act was enacted, we have seen some--not all--but some of our  Republican friends here in this body and across the country do their  dead-level best to undermine the Affordable Care Act. Those efforts  have ramped up considerably under the current administration. The  President and 18 Republican attorneys general have gone so far as to  file a lawsuit that attempts to scrap the healthcare law in its  entirety.   That lawsuit is working its way through the courts now, but it is  important for everyone to know, despite these efforts to sabotage our  Nation's healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act is still the law of  the land. If you want to sign up for coverage for the next year, you  can still do that until midnight on Sunday. I don't think there is a  reason not to sign up, and I would urge anybody who's out there  listening, watching, if you don't have coverage, let's do it. Do it  today, and you will be glad you did.   The idea of life, liberty, and the pursuit to happiness will be a  little bit closer to being realized for you.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   