 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there was an article in the paper today  telling us something that surprises nobody in this Chamber, really, on  either side, surveying the tax packages, the proposals from Democrats  and Republicans, and making the contrast, and it said the Democratic  tax packages are significantly better for the middle class than the  Republican tax package.   We know what happened 2-plus years ago when the Finance Committee, in  the middle of the night, kept writing new language and biasing it  towards the wealthiest people in the county.   We know that the Trump tax bill, voted for by the majority, opposed  by all of us because over 75 percent of the benefits, over time, went  to the richest 1 percent. Contrast that with our Working Families Tax  Relief Act, which focuses on middle-class and working-class taxpayers,  focuses on the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit under  the theory that, if you cut taxes for the rich, which Republicans  always do, that the money trickles down, but it doesn't trickle down.  They say it is going to trickle down and help the middle class. Well,  it really never does.   I heard President Trump promise a group of us in the White House that  everybody would get a $4,000 raise and several thousand dollars in tax  cuts for middle-class families--it just didn't happen.   The way you grow the economy is you focus on the middle class, you  cut taxes for the middle class, put money in their pocket, they spend  it in local communities. You cut taxes for the rich, it goes to a Swiss  bank account or wherever it goes.   So the newspaper today said what everybody already knows, that the  best way to grow the economy, the best way to help this country, the  best way to help the middle class is--surprise--cut taxes for the  middle class. That is what the Working Families Tax Relief Act does. It  helps working class kids.   The Trump tax bill pretended to cut taxes through the child tax  credit. For the child tax credit, it actually left 26 million children  out. Our legislation focuses on those 26 million children. They are not  children of the rich. They are children of the middle class. They are  working families. They are low-income kids.   So it is clear that that is the way this body should go. I understand  who has the votes. I understand that the President of the United  States--where the White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street  executives--the President of the United States can always jam another  tax cut for billionaires through this body.   But let's do the right thing and actually put our focus on working  families.   I yield the floor.   