 Madam Speaker, first, let me thank the  gentleman from California (Mr. Rouda) and the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller) for their comments in support of this  legislation.   I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 1847, the  Inspector General Protection Act, which will enhance the independence  and integrity of our IGs.   Since Congress passed the original Inspector General Act in 1978,  these government watchdogs have played a crucial role in our democracy.  They root out waste, fraud, mismanagement, and abuse at all levels of  government, saving American taxpayers billions of dollars annually and  ensuring that government programs benefit the people.   According to the nonpartisan Council of the Inspectors General on  Integrity and Efficiency, taxpayers saved $32.7 billion in fiscal year  2017 from audit recommendations. That is a $22 return on every dollar  invested.   Unfortunately, both Democratic and Republican administrations have  hamstrung our IGs with persistent vacancies and underfunded budgets.  According to the Project on Government  [[Page H5951]]  Oversight, vacancies of permanent inspectors general is not a new  problem or one that is unique to this administration. This issue has  persisted for years under both Democratic and Republican leadership.  The Department of the Interior, for example, has lacked a Senate- confirmed inspector general for over a decade.   But it is not just vacancies that have been problematic. In a  committee report, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs noted that ``another type of personnel action has  the potential for doing significant damage to OIG independence if  abused: placing an IG on indefinite paid or unpaid nonduty status.''   My bill will address both of these problems.   First, H.R. 1847 requires notification of Congress in advance of an  inspector general being placed on administrative leave. This ensures  Congress is aware of any potential attempts to improperly sideline an  inspector general.   Second, the bill requires the President to report to Congress if an  inspector general has not been nominated within 210 days after a  vacancy occurs for the position, including the reasons a nomination has  not been made and a target date for doing so.   This reasserts Congress' oversight role and allows Members to  question, on an informal basis, the decision of any future  administration to leave core offices vacant.   As Senator Chuck Grassley told The Washington Post in 2017,  ``Independent, nonpartisan IGs can be some of the President's best  allies in finding and cutting waste, fraud, and abuse in the  bureaucracy.''   I agree with that statement. That is why I look forward to working  with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, as well as the U.S.  Senate, toward getting this commonsense bill signed into law.   I am grateful to my colleague from Georgia (Mr. Hice) for partnering  with me on this legislation and to Chairman Cummings and Ranking Member  Jordan for recognizing the importance of strengthening our Nation's  inspectors general.   I am also proud that this bill has received the endorsement of good- government groups across the ideological spectrum, including Project on  Government Oversight, R Street Institute, American Oversight, Campaign  for Accountability, Common Cause, and Public Citizen.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting good  governance by voting ``yes.''   