 Mr. President, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor  the life of Mandeville police officer Captain Vincent ``Vinnie''  Liberto, Jr., who was killed in the line of duty last week. Captain  Liberto will be remembered for his life of service to the community and  country.   After graduating from Brother Martin High School in New Orleans, he  joined the U.S. Marine Corps, where he ultimately served 10 years as  sergeant.   Captain Liberto had a combined 30 years of law enforcement service, 5  with the Orleans Parish Sheriff's Department and 25 years with the  Mandeville Police Department, where he was recognized as officer of the  year.   The captain had a brilliant mind for law enforcement. He graduated  from the FBI National Academy and ran the Mandeville Police  Department's Criminal Investigations Division, where he worked as a  polygraphist and was responsible for the Department's enforcement  functions.   Those who knew him best describe him as a gentle giant, polite,  upbeat, reasonable, and fairminded--all qualities that make a great  police officer.   In his yard flies the Marine Corps flag, and mounted on the front  door are twin wreaths, one for the marines and one for the police.   Captain Liberto is survived by his wife, Tracey, and seven children.  He was 58 years old.   His passion for service was so strong that he inspired several of his  children to follow in their dad's footsteps by entering the military  and law enforcement. That is the definition of setting a great example  for children.   Captain Liberto's death is a painful reminder that our law  enforcement officers put their lives on the line to keep our community  safe. He died during a gunfire exchange when a routine traffic stop  turned into a tragedy. The other officer, Ben Cato, was also injured  but thankfully has returned to work.   Like Captain Liberto and Officer Cato, our law enforcement officers  report to work every day knowing that they might not come home at  night. They do it for us all, and for that we should always be  grateful.   I ask those who are listening to say a prayer for Tracey, their kids,  and the officers of the Mandeville Police Department, and for their  entire community that is grieving the loss of one of their own.   Vincent Liberto made Louisiana a better place and our country a  better place, and he will be sorely missed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   