 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Quigley for yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of H.R. 264. This bill appropriates  desperately needed funds for the Treasury Department and the Internal  Revenue Service.   As the shutdown persists, the financial and emotional drain on  employees and taxpayers continues. There are tens of thousands of  furloughed Treasury employees who want to work and proudly would do so,  but they cannot. They also cannot pay bills, cannot afford medical  care, and, like us, cannot understand any of this. Every day that  passes and every minute the shutdown continues it is too long and too  costly. Reopen the government and begin to negotiate.   I spoke to the Treasury Secretary yesterday, along with the IRS  Commissioner as well, regarding the impact of the partial shutdown on  the IRS and the tax-filing season. I was informed that the IRS will  release its contingency plan for the tax-filing season in the next few  hours, or, certainly, within the next day and issuing refunds in coming  days, apparently, an effort will be made to reach that goal, but it  will also require a significant number of IRS employees to return to  work without pay.   These developments are no substitute for fully funding the government  and reopening the agency. Reminder: The average refund is just under  $3,000. That helps out a lot of middle-class individuals who will use  it to pay down Christmas debt, perhaps. They depend upon that as part  of regular cash flow.   Mr. Speaker, we do not know the full damage and cost of the shutdown,  but we knew going into it that somebody was going to get hurt. So we  should end it today before any more damage is done.   If a taxpayer calls the IRS right now for assistance, they will hear  the following: ``Live telephone assistance is not available at this  time. Normal operations will resume as soon as possible.'' But they are  expected to go into work as well to help process those tax forms.   The time is now to reopen the government, and as I noted, negotiate.   The time has come for our colleagues on both sides to stand up and  vote ``yes'' and fully reopen these agencies.    Madam Speaker, I thank Secretary Shalala for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I feel like I have a preexisting condition. It is  arguing about the Affordable Care Act. For 10 years we have argued  about the Affordable Care Act. A campaign is part of forming a  government, and no issue resonated with the American people in the last  election like the issue of preexisting conditions.   My friend, the gentleman from California, previously said he didn't  understand why people had to buy something that they didn't want. Well,  we require people to buy automobile insurance. And, by the way, you  don't buy automobile insurance the day after you have been in an  automobile accident. And we probably don't want to buy homeowners  insurance, but, guess what; we don't buy it the day after our house is  burned down. We buy it because the genius of insurance is the spreading  of risk.   So I ask the following rhetorical question, and that is, why should  the rest of us annually put $1,000 into our premiums for health  insurance to take care of those who don't want to buy health insurance?   So what this discussion and argument is really about, for the moment,  is the following: The child who is born with diabetes is then told,  under the old system, that they can never buy health insurance, or, if  they do, it has to be rated--back to the old actuarial argument about  how do we spread risk.   The protections that were built into the Affordable Care Act, which I  helped  [[Page H344]]  to write, were based upon the idea of using the best principles of the  marketplace while simultaneously using the ability of the Federal  Government to prod certain behaviors, and those behaviors included a  ban on preexisting conditions as an option for people who didn't want  to buy health insurance.   So what did the other side do? They filed the lawsuit. Now, they  generally lecture us on activist judges. They decided that they would  challenge what has become okay with the American people, the Affordable  Care Act. They would challenge it in the Federal courts and really  didn't want to bring down the entire Affordable Care Act. Instead, they  wanted to disassemble piece by piece parts of the Affordable Care Act  that really, in a lot of ways, have made for its success.    There is no argument with the following statistic that, today,  between 17 and 20 million Americans have health insurance that didn't  have it before the Affordable Care Act.   And back to those people who, by the way, their system of healthcare  was the emergency room. So, in the emergency room, we all know, it is a  pretty poor way to get health insurance because it really doesn't  emphasize preventive care.   So all of these options that we built into the Affordable Care Act,  including making sure that people that had preexisting conditions  couldn't be exploited in the marketplace with undue costs, this  argument that we continue to have, Madam Speaker, here about the  Affordable Care Act could be rectified in short order by both sides  just working together to improve the Affordable Care Act.   