 Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of North  Macedonia's accession to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.   North Macedonia's path to NATO accession has been a long one. Despite  being regarded early on as a leading candidate for NATO membership,  Macedonia's name dispute with Greece became a huge roadblock. A  disagreement over a country's name may not seem like a big deal to  those looking in from the outside, but getting over this hurdle  required significant political courage.   In 2017, Greece's Prime Minister Tsipras and Macedonia's Prime  Minister Zaev displayed that level of political courage when they  committed to settle the nearly three decades-long dispute. Because of  their leadership, these two nations signed the Prespa agreement last  year. Greece agreed to remove its objection and approve Macedonia's  accession to NATO in exchange for Macedonia agreeing to change its name  to North Macedonia.   This dispute resolution between Greece and North Macedonia  demonstrates that NATO is not only an effective defensive alliance, but  it has been a tremendous force for stability in Europe. North Macedonia  is poised to soon become NATO's 30th member because it worked to  resolve a longstanding bilateral disagreement.   I support NATO's longstanding open-door policy, and I hope that the  goal of NATO membership will continue to guide other aspirants to solve  longstanding disputes, fight corruption, and make difficult necessary  domestic reforms.   Beyond North Macedonia's accession, I would like to speak more  broadly on how important the NATO alliance is to the United States.  NATO is based on the principle of collective defense. Article 5 of the  North Atlantic Treaty states that an attack against one member is an  attack against us all.   NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg detailed NATO's value when he  addressed a joint meeting of Congress earlier this year and both  started and ended his speech by saying: ``It is good to have friends.''  I couldn't agree more.   In the wake of the attacks of 9/11, our friends, our NATO allies,  invoked article 5 for the first and only time in the alliance's  history. Our NATO allies and many of the aspirants stood shoulder to  shoulder with us in Afghanistan. They lost 1,000 of their sons and  daughters in honoring their commitment by fighting alongside us. The  United States should never forget our NATO allies' contribution and  sacrifice.  [[Page S5941]]    A strong NATO alliance is just as important and relevant today as it  was at its founding in 1949. I am pleased that the full Senate is  taking up this measure to approve North Macedonia's accession to NATO,  and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor with a resounding yes.   I yield the floor.   