 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding  to me. I want to speak in opposition to H.R. 3.   Saying that drug costs are too high for many Americans, Republicans  and Democrats can agree on that. That is why we spent the better part  of a year working toward a bipartisan solution to lower out-of-pocket  prescription drug costs and crack down on overpriced drugs.   Sadly, Democrats abandoned that effort in favor of the socialist  policies in H.R. 3. For Democrats, the answer is always more  government, and H.R. 3 is no exception.   The bill gives the government sweeping new powers to allow government  bureaucrats to arbitrarily set drug prices. Democrats keep calling it  negotiation.   Here is how negotiation works under H.R. 3. The Federal Government  will tell a drug company what the drug price is going to be. If the  drug company doesn't like it, they have two options: pay a 95 percent  tax on their revenue or leave the U.S. market. That doesn't sound like  negotiation to me.   The Congressional Budget Office claims this will result in such low  drug prices that some of the lifesaving cures won't even come to  market. Under this arrangement, there is very little incentive for drug  companies to invest the time and money it takes to create new cures and  treatments. We know it takes $2.6 billion and 10 to 15 years, on  average, to bring one drug to market.   This bill's arbitrary action against drug companies carries a steep  cost to the American people in the form of fewer future cures. What  cures will those be? Alzheimer's? Cancer? Schizophrenia?   Killing drug innovation and ending the development of lifesaving  cures is unacceptable. We can't take that risk. We have to do better  for sick Americans hoping and praying for a cure for themselves or  their loved ones.   We can solve this problem, but not with the Democrats' fewer cures  act. We have to do this in a bipartisan way.   Fortunately, there is an alternative to the Democrats' proposal. This  week, Republicans have introduced H.R. 19.    I have introduced H.R. 19, the Lower Cost, More Cures Act.  This bill contains effective bipartisan policies that could become law  right now.   It cracks down on overpriced drugs and lowers costs for patients  without crushing the hope of future lifesaving medicines.   It is time to stop playing political games and start working toward  solutions for the American people.   H.R. 3 is a terrible idea that will drive drugs out of the U.S.  market.   