 Madam President, I thank Senator Murray, Senator Harris,  and my colleagues who are on the floor.   I point out that we are now on day 26 of this outrageous and  dangerous partial shutdown that was totally avoidable. It has been  caused by one person--President Trump--and is now being assisted by the  Republican leadership in this body by its not allowing the U.S. Senate,  which is a coequal branch of government, to take up legislation that  would reopen government--legislation that has previously passed this  body and would, clearly, pass on a vote if the majority leader would  allow us to have that vote. We could then reopen the government.   The unanimous consent request that I offered yesterday with my  colleague  [[Page S240]]  from Maryland, Senator Van Hollen, would allow the appropriations bills  that have nothing to do with this current dispute with the President to  be fully functional, and it would allow for a continuing resolution for  the Department of Homeland Security. We could then work, as we should  work, to deal with border security and immigration issues. Yet the  majority leader objected to the Senate's taking up that legislation,  and the shutdown continues.   There are 800,000-plus citizens who work for the Federal Government  who are being denied the ability to either get paychecks for the work  that they do or are being furloughed without pay. In each one of those  cases, there is a hardship that is having an impact that goes well  beyond just the 800,000.   There are businesses in Baltimore that are wondering whether they can  keep their doors open because they depend on Federal workers to come in  and use their services. Whether it is a laundry, a cleaner, a  restaurant, or a supply store, they know their sales depend on people  having checks to pay their bills. The Federal workforce does not. So it  is affecting secondary employment. There have also been a lot of  layoffs by those who depend on the contract services of the Federal  Government.   There are many individual stories, and Senator Van Hollen and I have  traveled throughout our State and have met with government workers. We  have heard the account of one person who was supposed to close on a new  home, his first home. He is not going to be able to do that because he  doesn't have a paycheck that shows the wages necessary in order to  support the mortgage because his most recent paycheck is zero.   We have heard from a person in my office who is an air traffic  controller. Her husband is also an air traffic controller. They are  responsible for relatives who are dependent on them. One needs a  medical procedure, but they are not going to be able to move forward  with that medical procedure because they don't have the out-of-pocket  costs that are going to be necessary to pay for that. The list goes on  and on and on of hardship--of people wondering whether their credit  scores are going to be affected, which could affect their employment  because they are going to be late in paying their mortgage payments.  That is assuming they get paychecks in the next couple of months  because, then, their homes could well be foreclosed on.   I could put a face on each one of these 800,000, but let me just  share an account by Lamar Cobb, who is a lead transportation security  officer at BWI Marshall Airport. I was there earlier this week, meeting  with the government workers who are keeping our airports and our air  traffic safe. These are dedicated people who are working without pay.  He came forward.   One of the reporters there asked: Can you give us an individual  hardship that you have actually confronted?   He explained that he has a 10-year-old daughter whom he describes as  his heart and pride and joy. He had to take her out of cheerleading  because he could not pay for it while he works at BWI without receiving  a paycheck. Then he said something that, I think, really hit us all. He  said at the press conference: It may not seem like the end of the  world, but to a 10-year-old, it is pretty close.   These are the circumstances in which we are putting our fellow  citizens by saying: Work without pay or be furloughed without pay.   It makes no sense at all. We should never have had the shutdown. We  could end it now by the Senate's carrying out its constitutional  responsibility as a coequal branch of government. Let's vote on the  legislation that can reopen government. Let's do what we are  responsible to do--let's end this shutdown.   I yield the floor.   