 Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I first want to thank Chairwoman Waters for  her hard work and the hard work of the committee on behalf of American  families in Maine and across the country who have fallen victim to  financial schemes.   I rise today to offer my amendment on behalf of military  servicemembers and veterans and their families. One of the challenges  that military men and women face are countless financial scams that  exist in the financial marketplace. Travel just outside of a military  base, Madam Chair, and there will be payday lenders with high interest  rates, title loan companies, and supplemental life insurance schemes  all looking for their next target.   Military personnel who are distracted by financial problems created  by these schemes cannot focus on doing their jobs to the best of their  abilities. If the problems get out of hand, they can even end a  military career. On average, thousands of servicemembers are separated  each year from the military for financial hardship and other issues  related to these types of schemes. Even worse, many servicemembers or  their families come under pressure from scammers while they are in the  midst of a deployment.   Just as an example of this, I was in an infantry unit. I served in  Afghanistan and Iraq. I have known people who have actually taken the  time, when they get that rare opportunity, to hop on to a sat phone.  They should be calling their family or a loved one, and instead they  are calling to talk to a debt collector because they had fallen victim  to one of these scams, then had it turned over to a debt collector. By  law that is not supposed to happen, but too often servicemembers don't  know what their rights are and what the law is, and they end up trying  to deal with this kind of a stress while in the midst of a deployment  to a place like Iraq.   We know it is not right. We need to make sure struggling military  families can have resources that they can turn to for help.   Unfortunately, these challenges don't stop upon leaving the service  either. According to a study done by the AARP, nearly eight in ten  veterans report having received a scam attempt in the last 5 years. I  get them myself. I get them in the mail. I get them from people talking  to me about my VA home loan or education benefits and others, offering  what sounds like a good deal, but we know it is not.   Recognizing the vulnerability of vets and servicemembers to predatory  lenders and other financial scams, Congress created the Office of  Servicemember Affairs at the CFPB. The office monitors complaints from  servicemembers and veterans and their families and takes appropriate  action to protect them.   Since 2011 the CFPB has received approximately 123,000 complaints  from servicemembers, and the problem is not improving; it is actually  getting worse. From 2016 to 2017, there was a 47 percent increase in  complaints received from servicemembers.   My amendment helps ensure that the CFPB can better protect veterans  and servicemembers from financial abuse, fraud, and scams. The  provision opens up CFPB's Consumer Advisory Board to a representative  veteran from the military community and the veterans' community.   The advisory board is a critical part of CFPB's role as a watchdog  for consumers. They inform CFPB about emerging trends, they share  analysis and recommendations for action and policies, and they assess  the consumer impact of emerging financial products, practices, and  services.   Putting a family member of a servicemember or a veteran on the  advisory board will ensure that CFPB is better informed of new and  emerging scams and tactics targeting servicemembers and veterans so  that we are better able to protect them.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I will go ahead and close and leave it to  the gentleman to close on his end.   This amendment will help servicemembers, veterans, and their families  make sure that they are protected financially and give them a voice at  the table. I encourage my colleagues to support it. I thank the ranking  member for encouraging his colleagues to support it as well.   I would be happy to talk to our colleague from Kentucky about ways in  which we can work together to protect our servicemembers and veterans.  I know we are all in on that together, to do the best that we can for  our servicemembers and veterans.   Madam Chair, I thank the ranking member, the chairwoman, and the  entire committee for their support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   