 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week we will begin consideration of  the National Defense Authorization Act, the annual legislation to  authorize funding for our military and national defense. This year's  legislation builds on last year's bill, with its emphasis on restoring  military readiness and ensuring that we are prepared to meet threats  from major powers like China and Russia.   Some may take it for granted that we have the strongest military in  the world, but our military strength, built on the service and  sacrifice of our men and women in uniform, requires sustained  investment. In recent years, budgetary impasses paired with increased  operational demands have left our Armed Forces with manpower deficits  and under-equipped for confronting the threats of the 21st century.  Given the multitude of threats around the world, we cannot afford to  become complacent or ease our preparedness. The truth is, the last time  our military underwent a comprehensive modernization, Ronald Reagan was  President.   In November 2018, the bipartisan National Defense Strategy Commission  released a report warning that our readiness had eroded to the point  where we might struggle to win a war against a major power like Russia  or China. The Commission noted that we would be especially vulnerable  if we were ever called on to fight a war on two fronts. Repairing this  readiness deficit has to be one of Congress's most important  priorities.   Last year's National Defense Authorization Act took major steps  forward on modernization, making significant and targeted investments  in the research, manpower, and materiel needed to equip our military to  face 21st-century threats. We have made real  [[Page S3811]]  progress, but there is a lot more work to be done.   This year's National Defense Authorization Act focuses on building on  the progress we have made. It invests in the planes, combat vehicles,  and ships of the future, including the Joint Strike Fighter and the  future B-21 bomber, which will be based at Ellsworth Air Force Base in  my home State of South Dakota. It authorizes funding for research and  development and advanced technology. It authorizes funds to modernize  our nuclear arsenal to maximize our deterrence capabilities. It also  focuses on ensuring that we are equipped to meet threats on new fronts,  including in the space and cyber domains.   It is important that we invest in these new areas of the battlefield  to ensure we are prepared to meet and defeat threats. We are once again  in an era of great power competition, where states like China and  Russia harbor imperial ambitions. The National Defense Authorization  Act will help ensure that we have a credible deterrence and are  equipped to meet threats from great powers as well as rogue states and  terrorist organizations. This legislation will also invest in our  relationships with key allies and security partners to help counter  shared threats.   Importantly, this NDAA will help our military bases rebound from  recent natural disasters.   Finally, of course, this legislation will invest in our most  important resource--our troops and in their families.   This year's National Defense Authorization Act authorizes a 3.1- percent pay increase for our troops, the largest increase in a decade.  They more than deserve it, and an increase is important for recruitment  and retention in our All-Volunteer Force when the economy is as strong  as it is.   The bill also focuses on addressing the recent significant health and  safety issues faced by many families with private on-base housing, and  it contains measures to support military spouses seeking employment and  increased access to childcare on military installations.   It also allows parental leave to be taken in multiple increments,  better adapting to the lives of our warfighters.   In his first annual address to Congress, George Washington noted:  ``To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of  preserving peace.''   There is no better way to preserve peace and protect our Nation than  to ensure that the U.S. military is the best equipped, most capable  fighting force in the world.   I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass the National  Defense Authorization Act and to give our military men and women the  tools they need to defend the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   