 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, and I  thank the chairman for all his hard work on this bill and so many  others that are related to this.   I also want to thank the Natural Resources subcommittee chair and  ranking member, Mr. Gallego and Mr. Cook.   I want to thank my colleague from Massachusetts who has worked so  hard and is a cosponsor, Mr. Kennedy.   I also want to give particular thanks to the gentleman from Oklahoma  (Mr. Cole) for his support and also voice my strong support for H.R.  375, the bill that was just debated that is well thought out, well  worked through--over a decade--and well worth the support of everyone  here.   Mr. Speaker, the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe has resided in southern New  England for more than 12,000 years. To not have their land federally  recognized is simply a disgrace.   We have seen them in our history books, in historical paintings, in  iconic murals. They are the Tribes that welcomed the Pilgrims for the  first Thanksgiving. This President even put them in his own  Thanksgiving proclamation just last year. He recognized them.   Tragically, like so many Native Americans, the Mashpee Wampanoag  Tribe has lived through centuries of injustice, the latest of which  this House is debating today.   For years, I have worked personally with the Tribe as they have used  hard-earned Federal recognition to provide adequate housing, jobs, job  training, and essential services, including native language learning,  early childhood education.   And this is important. We all know, in my region, the plague of the  opioid epidemic, through Cape Cod, in that region. The incidence of  overdose for the Wampanoag Tribe is 400 times. I will repeat that, 400  times more, the number of overdoses for that Tribe. I have worked with  them and will continue to work with them, if they are in existence, to  try and help them deal with this scourge.   The Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe is also a Tribe that, as you look at the  landscape for Tribes around the country, is suffering so many things  that other Tribes are--the uncertainty of their status.   And this is the Tribe, I think, that best shows the inequities that  are involved in these types of recognition.   I will just say, I introduced this bill last Congress when we first  heard rumors that the Department of the Interior was going to, for the  first time, reverse the position of the previous administration and  refuse to defend the Mashpee Wampanoag's right to their historic land.  They are the only Tribe that has received recognition and then had it  taken away from them.   Now the Tribe's reservation is hanging by a thread, and they have  been left to defend their land on their own. This is an existential  threat.   Without support from Congress, it will be nearly impossible for the  Mashpee to engage in any kind of true self-government because they  won't own their own land: no economic development, no Tribal  headquarters, no elder housing, no pre-K programs. It means being  treated as a second-class Tribe with no future.   Bipartisan legislation to help a Tribe like the Mashpee would  normally pass the House without issue. Just 2 weeks ago, we passed a  parallel Republican-led bill for a Tribe in California without a single  Member objecting--not a peep from the other side. President Obama  signed a bill like this into law in 2014, and, importantly, President  Trump did the same just last year.   Sadly, although the substance of H.R. 312 is noncontroversial, the  tactics employed by the bill's few opponents are not. Throughout this  process, we have seen gross mischaracterization and outright lying for  personal and financial gain.   My Republican colleague, ranking member in the Rules Committee, a  member of the Chickasaw Nation, a Republican from Oklahoma and an  expert on these issues, said last night at the Rules meeting, never has  he seen such misinformation about a simple bill, to the point of being  scurrilous.   This is not about gaming. It is not about picking winners and losers.  It is simply about a Tribe's rightful place in its native land. That is  all.   Mr. Speaker, I believe in the best in this institution. I believe  that many of us in Congress are here to lead. We are here to debate  issues on their merits; we are here to find common ground when we might  otherwise disagree; and we are here to set an example to show the  American people what is right. Yet what we have seen happen to the  Mashpee bill in the past week reflects the worst. No low seems too low.   Where is the bottom?   We have seen the President, through his tweets, trying to sink an  entire Native American Tribe in the name of special interests, dirty  lobbying, and outright bigotry.   The cast of characters behind the scenes spewing information is  revealing: a rightwing lobbyist, Trump loyalist; a Trump campaign  operative who worked for convicted felon and Trump campaign manager  Paul Manafort; individuals with financial interests that  [[Page H3819]]  are counter to the Tribe, including two former Trump Plaza Casino  officials and a major financier with both casino and National Enquirer  interests.   Cultural warfare to benefit bank accounts, corrupt intent for  personal gain, all in the form of a racist tweet. And some Members of  this body are eager to let him get away with it. But not me, not my  cosponsors, and not the majority of this House.   I still believe this House has an opportunity today to do what is  right. We can show the Native American people that we will stand up for  them, that after nearly 250 years since our country's founding we would  not be where we are without them. They deserve that dignity; they  deserve that respect; and they deserve that sovereignty for their  historic homeland.   Mr. Speaker, let's be on the right side of history today. Vote  ``yes'' and save the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe.    Mr. Speaker, I have been around here a little while, and  I have never heard so many people from Arizona really concerned about  anything that is going on in Rhode Island. For that matter, I haven't  heard many people in Rhode Island that concerned about what is  happening in Massachusetts.   But this is what it is about, I guess. It is not what it is about to  me. It is not what it is about to our cosponsors. I know it is not what  it is about to Mr. Kennedy. I know it is not what it is about to the  chairman of this committee.   I am puzzled. People are saying this is a circumvention dealing with  gaming. This bill isn't about gaming. Let me bring it back into focus,  but let me just address one thing first.   I am puzzled because this Tribe went through the State process. This  wasn't a circumvention. They went through the Commonwealth of  Massachusetts' process for deciding gaming institutions. The State  decided this. Congress isn't deciding this. The Commonwealth of  Massachusetts decided this. They created an area in southeastern  Massachusetts along with two other areas in the State where this would  be located.   So I have got news for the people in Rhode Island: They can do their  best to kill this bill and destroy this Tribe, but it is still going to  get a casino because the State of Massachusetts said so.   So now that I am through just pointing out what this bill isn't  about, let me just make the last point about what it is about.   It is about justice. It is about doing the right thing. It is about  taking a Tribe that, through its whole history, has lost all of its  land even though it did occupy that land where it is in Taunton, where  it occupies it now.   This is about doing the right thing, and it is a disgrace in this  Congress that politics, special interests, lobbying, and conflicts have  taken over this debate. Let's do the right thing. This is part of our  history. We wouldn't be here where we are without this Tribe. Let's  respect that. Let's pass this bill.   