 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone for his  leadership, and I am proud to lead the charge on this resolution  condemning the administration's attacks on American's healthcare in  Federal court.   With the support of so many of my colleagues, this resolution puts  the United States Congress on the record as being on the side of the  people. As this administration seeks to tear down our healthcare  system, this Congress will not stand by while cynical and partisan  interests attack our healthcare system and that of hardworking  Americans.   Whether it is allowing young people to stay on their parent's  insurance until they are 26, or protecting people from lifetime caps,  or ensuring that folks with preexisting conditions get the care that  they need, this should not be a partisan issue.   The fight to protect preexisting conditions is personal for me. My  mother is a breast cancer survivor and my wife Aly and I just  celebrated the birth of our son. Both of those are preexisting  conditions. And concern about healthcare is, by far, the number one  issue that my constituents talk to me about back home.   That brings me to Natalie, a lawyer with young children, Hugo and  Mia, who is married to Nathan, a law professor at Southern Methodist  University. Nathan recently attended the State of the Union here with  me in Washington.   I met Natalie on the same day that the House voted to repeal the  Affordable Care Act. I learned that she had stage IV cancer and that  she had come to my event from her chemotherapy treatment. She explained  to me that her goal was to fight her cancer for as long as she could so  that her two children would know her.  [[Page H2958]]    Natalie came to my event that day because she was worried about  future moms who would lose their care if the Affordable Care Act was  repealed. She was concerned about a return to the bad old days with  lifetime caps and discrimination against people with preexisting  conditions.   Sadly, Natalie passed away last year, but her fight goes on, a fight  that I am honored to carry forward on behalf of north Texans here in  Washington. My home State of Texas has the highest uninsured rate in  the country. One in five people in Dallas County, where I live, do not  have health insurance. We can and must do better.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the House and  the Senate to join us in condemning these attacks on our healthcare  system. We must make sure that we don't go back to the bad old days  where people can get thrown off their healthcare just because they got  sick.   This resolution is a good first step, but we must come together to  help our constituents by working together to pass legislation that will  stabilize our system and lower costs for everyone.   