 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as we look at H.R. 1, at least the  limited amount of time that we have had to actually consider H.R. 1 as  it has been rushed through the committee process and it has been rushed  to the House floor--it grew from 571 pages when we had the opportunity  to briefly review it on one day for 5 hours when it was before the  House Administration Committee. It has significantly grown since then  before it even came to the floor.   But as those who do take a look at it realize, yes, there may be some  good ideas in H.R. 1. And what is interesting, those good ideas that  are in H.R. 1 are things that are already in States. They are ideas  that States have implemented.   This amendment, when you look at it, it sounds like a good idea.  Well, let's put all of the polling places on the same timeframe.   I submit to my good colleague from New York, if there is an issue in  New York, then the gentleman ought to lobby his State legislature to  make that change because the Constitution gives that power to the State  legislatures.   Mr. Chairman, as I was coming to Washington again this week, I left  my home early on Tuesday morning, and I went to the State capitol in  Georgia where I had the opportunity to address both the statehouse and  the State legislature, which I served in both of those bodies.   What was amazing, as I talked about this bill, there was bipartisan  opposition to this bill. Why? Because this bill strips away the  authority of States to actually set their own laws regarding elections.   Some may think it is a good idea to centralize that power here in  Washington, D.C., but the problem is the landscape of America is  diverse. The geography of America is diverse, and the States are more  well-suited to actually meet the constituencies' needs of that State.   Some would say that the Federal Government is more powerful; we can  actually enforce this across the board.  [[Page H2560]]  Well, the one-size-fits-all doesn't work, and besides that, we don't do  very much very efficiently.   As I was looking at the State legislature, there is one thing that I  know: Their session in Georgia is going to end in a few days, and by  the end of that session, they will have passed a budget and  appropriations to fund the State of Georgia for the next year, and it  will balance.   Mr. Chairman, do you know the last time that we did that by our  deadline? Newt Gingrich was Speaker of the House. We can't even pass  our own appropriations here. We are not even following our own laws,  but we want to take on more laws and force the States to follow what we  think is a good idea?   Early voting, we established that in Georgia years ago, and it has  worked well, and we have worked to perfect that.   Mr. Chairman, while this amendment may sound good and it may be well- needed in New York, I would submit to my colleague that this is  something that the New York Legislature should take up. This is not  something that should be under the purview of Congress.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, again, I love this country. I love what  this country has stood for. I love the idea of our Founding Fathers,  who made this Nation the greatest Nation in the history of the entire  world. It is unique because our Founders understood that a government  that is closest to the people is the most effective and the most  efficient. This bill will undo 220-plus years of States setting their  own voting requirements, running their own voter laws.   As I have stated, there is little that we do efficiently here, and we  have already uncovered that there are a lot of unintended consequences  in this bill. If the States make mistakes, they are much faster, much  quicker, and more responsive to correct those mistakes than we would be  here.   I encourage my colleagues to vote against this amendment and vote  against the underlying measure.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   