 Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   With all due respect to the gentleman from Arizona, he is very weird  in that he runs his congressional office like a think tank where people  contemplate the ways that technology can improve healthcare and the  environment in a nonpartisan way, because these are not issues that  have anything to do with whether someone is a Republican or a Democrat.   But so many of these ideas that the gentleman and I have discussed  for years fail to make their way into the most dynamic economy and  marketplace in the world, which is the United States of America.   So my question for the gentleman is: How do we go from the innovative  space of great Americans coming up with sensor technology to action in  the Congress or within our government that is worthy of the great  people we serve?    I will.    Was it a refundable tax credit or was it an upfront  credit?    So it is a production tax credit?    I would ask the gentleman, as we try to take these good  ideas that seem to not be emerging from the Federal Government but from  several States and from local communities that are doing some of their  own great work, I feel at times like you have got one party here that  thinks that Big Government is always the answer, and you have another  party who thinks that big business is always the answer, and at times  these technological solutions come from neither. They come from the  creative class, the innovative class.    So what is the get-out-of-jail-free card so that we can  liberate ourselves from a policymaking climate that seems to be more  robust in virtue signaling than in actually following data?    I appreciate the gentleman mentioning our oceans. As  someone from a coastal State that means a great deal to me.    Based on the current rate of climate change you may get  your wish.    It doesn't strike me as an enviable outcome. I do thank  the gentleman again for yielding for this discussion.   It is my sincere hope that this is a discussion that we can have with  Members of Congress from urban districts, rural districts, liberal  Members, and conservative Members, because as the gentleman correctly  points out, these are actually solutions that do not lend themselves to  a partisan tilt.   I am sincerely hopeful that the gentleman will continue to lead on  this subject, and I thank the gentleman for yielding.   