 Mr. Chairman, I thank my co-chair of the Problem  Solvers Caucus,   Tom Reed, for his leadership.   Mr. Chair, thank you for allowing me to speak on behalf of this  important bipartisan amendment to H.R. 1. I also want to thank  Congresswoman Lofgren and Congressman Sarbanes for their leadership on  this legislation. And my colleagues who offered this amendment, my very  good friend Congressman Suozzi and Congressman Fitzpatrick, I thank  them for their work on this bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus  initiative, which I know will further help improve H.R. 1 by stopping  the flow of foreign money into our elections.   This amendment was developed with strong support from the bipartisan  Problem Solvers Caucus, utilizing the new Break the Gridlock rules  reforms that the caucus helped put in place in the new Congress.   This is the first time the 20-20 rule is being utilized for broad,  bipartisan support legislation, and an amendment like this sends  exactly the right signal to the American people that we can work  together to move legislation.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 1, the For the People Act, which  will help strengthen voting rights in our country, help clean  corruption out of our politics, and protect free and fair elections,  which is the bedrock of our democracy.   Civil rights means everyone in our great Nation has equal rights and,  therefore, equal speech. Dark money in our politics flies in the face  of that American ideal, from wherever it comes. Even worse is dark  foreign money.   Loopholes in our campaign finance system have left our electoral  process vulnerable to unlimited spending by foreign governments,  corporations, and foreign nationals in our elections. We have seen that  foreign entities are able to spend undisclosed amounts of money to  influence U.S. elections by using subsidiaries, shell corporations, or  advocacy groups to hide their influence.   In 2016, American Pacific International Capital, a company owned by  Chinese nationals, used these loopholes to donate $1.3 million to a  super-PAC in the Presidential election.    Even in this most recent election in 2018, Iran,  China, and Russia all attempted to influence American voters and  policy.   Americans on both sides of the aisle agree this is a critically  important issue that we must do something about. The adoption of this  amendment will further codify the intent of Congress to end unchecked  foreign spending, which is the scourge of our democracy.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to more support for 20-20 legislative  amendments.   