 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding, and I appreciate those kind words.   Madam Speaker, I rise with my colleagues this evening in support of  the Republican Study Committee budget for 2020.   Here in Congress, there are immense problems and vast issues that we  deal with, and sometimes they can feel overwhelming. For that reason,  it is important that we have a purpose, that we have a vision, that we  have a pathway to get us out of some of the issues that we face and to  give us a sense of purpose for getting through those things, a  playbook, if you will.   Madam Speaker, I just want to publicly commend my colleagues who have  labored so diligently to put together this draft. I especially want to  recognize the RSC chairman,   Mike Johnson, and the Spending Task Force  chairman,   Jim Banks, my good friend. Their leadership has been  invaluable, and we are deeply appreciative to all of them.   I am particularly pleased that in this budget they have included a  proposal to eliminate official time. This is something I have been  working on for a long time.   For those who may not be familiar with it, official time allows a  Federal employee who is part of a union to conduct union activities in  the course of their workday even if that means not doing the job that  they were hired to do.   In many cases, people are hired to do a job and yet 100 percent of  their time is spent doing Federal union activities, and so the taxpayer  is paying these people to do a job which they are not doing. It ends up  these agencies have to hire someone else to do a job while the first  individual is doing union activities rather than that for which they  were hired.   Over the years since I have been here, I have personally tried to cut  some of the official time usage. That didn't work. We have tried  diligently to reform official time, to no avail. We have even tried to  just provide some degree of transparency, and yet in every attempt,  everything that we have tried to do, we have faced tremendous  opposition both from Federal employee unions and many of their allies  here in Congress.   Make no mistake, the opposition is real; it is strong; it is  entrenched in this place. And yet we have got to continue to move  forward. We have got to try to address these issues.   The Federal bureaucracy has tremendous power and influence over our  lives, and yet in this case of official time, there is little to no  transparency or accountability.   To add to the problem, it is virtually impossible to remove a Federal  employee. According to the GAO, the Government Accountability Office,  it can take between 170 and 370 days to remove a bad actor, a bad  worker in a Federal position, and this is because of the appeals  process, grievances that can be filed, complaints that just drag on and  on and on.   There are thousands, by the way, of Federal employees who agree with  me. Recently, a survey found that 31 percent of Federal employees feel  that there are few to little steps taken to remove or deal with poor- performing employees in the Federal Government.   So, Madam Speaker, we need to restore fiscal sanity around here. We  [[Page H3833]]  need to enforce accountability and instill transparency in our Federal  Government, and I believe this RSC budget is a step in that direction.  It rises in stark contrast to the nonexistent budget of the Democratic  majority.   So with that, again, I thank my friend for yielding to me.   