 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to recognize Lt. Gen. Steve  Basham, who recently departed his position as Director of Air Force  Legislative Liaison and assumes his new duties as Deputy Commander of  the U.S. Air Forces in Europe and Air Forces in Africa.   As the Director of Legislative Affairs of the Air Force, Lieutenant  General Basham worked directly with the Senate and the House of  Representatives on all aspects of organizing, training, and equipping  our airmen to project global combat power abroad. Throughout this time,  then-Major General Basham prepared the Secretary and the Chief of Staff  of the Air Force, as well as other senior Air Force leaders, for  engagements on Capitol Hill, to include extensive testimony before  congressional committees.  [[Page S3277]]    A product of some of these strategic engagements was the decision to  select Ellsworth Air Force Base as the first unit to host the B-21  Raider bomber, a strategic decision that I personally thank the  Secretary of the Air Force for making. I also thank Lieutenant General  Basham for his steadfast efforts in the deliberate decision-making  process.   In 1989, following his graduation from Western Kentucky University,  Lieutenant General Basham was commissioned through Air Force Officer  Training School and achieved his flying wings. Over the course of his  distinguished career, he has attained a command pilot rating with more  than 3,400 flying hours in the T-37, T-38, B-1, B-2, and B-52 aircraft.  He holds the honor of being one of the first four pilots to fly the B-2  stealth bomber in combat.   Throughout his career, Lieutenant General Basham has held numerous  other positions of strategic importance, including Deputy Director of  Requirements for the Joint Staff at the Pentagon and as the Director of  Strategy, Plans, and Programs for Headquarters Pacific Air Forces at  Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam in Hawaii.   Of course, none of this could be done without the support of his wife  Angie and their two daughters, Lauren and Sarah.   On behalf of the U.S. Congress and a grateful Nation, I extend our  deepest appreciation to Lt. Gen. Steven L. Basham and his family for  their dedicated service to the Air Force and to our Nation. We wish  them all the best as they move on to his next assignment and continue  working to keep our Nation and our allies safe from potential Russian  aggression in Europe, as well as violent extremists in Africa.   There is no question that the Air Force, the Department of Defense,  and the United States will continue to benefit greatly from Lieutenant  General Basham's outstanding leadership.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   