 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, across America, there are 130 million  individuals who have a preexisting condition. This means individuals  have a diagnosis, an illness, a medical condition that without the  Affordable Care Act would likely mean they were priced out of insurance  because the costs associated with their illness are so high that no  insurer would provide them coverage or the cost of insurance is much  higher than those who don't have that illness or that condition.   These preexisting conditions don't discriminate. They affect  Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives, people who watch  FOX News, people who watch MSNBC. This isn't a partisan issue;  preexisting conditions affect everybody.   In my State, give or take, 522,000 people have preexisting  conditions, and I talk to them every time I go back to Connecticut. I  remember 2 years ago when I was walking across the State--something I  do every year. I take about a week in the summer, and I walk from one  end of the State to the other end--there were families who would find  out on social media where I was going to be walking that day and pre- position  [[Page S2915]]  themselves hours ahead of time by the side of the road so they could  tell me about their diagnosis. One young woman was sobbing on the side  of the road in Meriden, CT, as she explained to me her lupus diagnosis  and how, without the Affordable Care Act and the protections it  provides her, she would not have insurance; she would not be able to  afford the medications that keep her well and alive; and her life would  be ruined. Those individuals are freaking out today because they have  watched this President--and frankly this Republican Congress--use every  power at their disposal, every tool in their toolkit to try to take  away these protections for people who are sick, for people who, through  no fault of their own, just have higher medical bills than the rest of  us. They don't feel like they should be discriminated against or  forsaken by the health insurance marketplace because of their  unfortunate diagnosis.   The latest assault on people with preexisting conditions comes  through an effort by the administration to allow States to sell  insurance plans that don't cover basic medical needs, plans that would  allow for a skimpy set of benefits to be sold out on the insurance  marketplaces. Now, admittedly, that might be good news for pretty  healthy people who don't want to pay for a full insurance product  because they think they don't need it.   The first problem with that is you are only healthy until you are not  healthy. The second bigger problem is, when all the healthy people go  to these skimpy plans--sometimes called junk plans--and all the people  with preexisting conditions get left behind on the regulated plans,  where insurance is real, where it covers everything you need, costs go  down for the healthy people, and they go through the roof for the sick  people, which is the entire problem we were trying to solve in 2009 and  2010. It is, in fact, the problem the Republicans say repeatedly out on  the campaign trail and back in their districts and States that they  want to solve too. I don't know that I have met a Republican Senator  who doesn't say that they don't think people with preexisting  conditions should be discriminated against. Yet this rule the  administration is proposing is going to allow States to do just that.  It will allow for a ``have and have not'' insurance system, in which  people with preexisting conditions are charged more and people without  preexisting conditions are charged less.   My intention was to come down to the floor today and offer a  unanimous consent request to get us on the road to solving this latest  assault on people with preexisting conditions. Let me explain to you  what my request was going to be. I understand there are Republican  objections, and there is not the ability to object today when I make  this request, so I will reserve the right to make that request until  early next week.   Here is the substance of the request I was planning to make today.  Last week, the House of Representatives passed a piece of legislation  called the Protecting Americans with Preexisting Conditions Act, and  what this legislation would have done--and will do, if passed and  signed by the President--is prevent HHS from taking any action to  implement the administration's waivers for States to set up these junk  plans, these skimpy plans.    It is in keeping with the intent of the Affordable Care Act, which is  to allow flexibility for States--there is an ability under the  Affordable Care Act for States to innovate and to be flexible, but the  Affordable Care Act says you can't do that in a way that hurts  consumers. You can't do that in a way that provides less coverage to  consumers.   The rule the Trump administration is proposing, in many of our minds,  is a violation of the Affordable Care Act in and of itself, which is  still the law of the land, but this piece of legislation would clarify  that you cannot allow for the development and widespread sale of these  junk insurance plans without dramatically harming the healthcare of the  130 million Americans who have preexisting conditions.   So my intent was to ask for a unanimous consent request to bring this  bill for a vote in the Senate. I will do that next week.   At some point, we have to act like we actually are the U.S. Senate.  It is not enough to just say over and over again that you support  people with preexisting conditions and then do nothing as the  administration launches a daily, nonstop, unending, unceasing,  relentless effort to destroy healthcare for people with preexisting  conditions.   This is the latest assault on people with preexisting conditions, but  it stands in a very long, ongoing line of actions by this  administration, backed up by Republicans in the Congress, to try to  reduce coverage and increase costs for people with preexisting  conditions.   It started, of course, with the whole repeal effort, which would not  have replaced the Affordable Care Act with anything meaningful. The  bill that passed the House of Representatives would have stripped  healthcare away from 30 million Americans. The tax bill that included a  portion of healthcare repeal that was passed and signed by the  President eliminates healthcare for 13 million Americans, and many of  those have preexisting conditions.   As we speak today, the administration is readying to go to court with  a whole bunch of Republican attorneys general to ask the Federal  judicial system to overturn protections for people with preexisting  conditions. So having failed to get the entirety of the bill repealed  through the Congress, the administration now is going to court to try  to get the protections for people with preexisting conditions repealed.   Once again, this Congress, this Senate is silent on that case. We  have offered another piece of legislation to stop that lawsuit from  going forward. We don't have any takers on the Republican side. This  assault is real. I didn't make it up. It is not imagined. If this court  case that the Trump administration is pushing succeeds, overnight the  entirety of the Affordable Care Act will be invalidated, and there is  no plan to replace it.   If these junk plans go into effect--listen, maybe I will be wrong. I  hope I am wrong. Maybe there will not be a flight of people to these  skimpy plans, but much of the analyses I have seen suggests that will  happen. If it does, there is just no way, other than for the cost to go  up for everybody who is left behind on the regulated plans. I don't  know about you, but when I talk to my folks living paycheck to paycheck  in Connecticut, they don't have a lot of room in their budget for  increased premiums for healthcare. They are maxed out as it is.   So I will stand down for now, but I will be back early next week to  offer this unanimous consent request. I hope, if my colleagues turn it  down, if they don't want to bring up a piece of legislation that would  stop this latest regulatory assault on the Affordable Care Act, that  they will come to the table with other ideas as to how to protect  people with preexisting conditions from this campaign of sabotage by  the administration; that they will finally recognize that this assault  on the Affordable Care Act in the court system is a really awful  precedent to set.   It is going to come back and bite all of us as legislators if it is  successful. Without any real hope of a replacement for the Affordable  Care Act, it leads to a humanitarian disaster in which 20 million to 30  million people lose insurance because of it.   This is as important as it gets. There is very little that matters to  people more than their health and their healthcare, and I hope that  possibly next week we can come together as a body and finally do  something about the administration's attempt to take away these  protections for sick people and people with complicated diagnoses all  across the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   