 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   On May 24, the Trump administration notified Congress that it was  declaring a so-called emergency to bypass congressional review of 22  arms sales to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.   I am offering this amendment because there is no emergency, just a  conflict in Yemen that has killed thousands of civilians with U.S.-made  weapons and a Congress that is tired of being complicit. That is why we  voted last month to pass bipartisan, bicameral resolutions to end U.S.  support for the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.   Despite that clear signal from Congress, the administration decided  to use an emergency power to go around us and push through an unpopular  arms package that would likely be used in that conflict.   That package includes an unprecedented proposal to move production of  precision-guided munitions to Saudi Arabia, essentially outsourcing  jobs to the kingdom of Saudi Arabia.   Simply put, this is an egregious abuse of the emergency authority we  gave the executive and a direct affront to our institution.   To add insult to injury, the arms in question aren't even available  to be exported. As Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military  Affairs Clarke Cooper testified last week, most of these weapons  systems will not be ready for months, if not potentially years.   Our arm sales process was designed to include congressional review  specifically to ensure that each case serves U.S. interests.   If the administration believes that these sales can stand on the  merits, they should make their case to Congress. Until they do, we must  use the power of the purse and every other avenue to block them.   I also want to thank Chairman Visclosky for his leadership and  support as well. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the comments of  the gentleman from California.   I simply note that the issue here is not whether we should sell arms  to our allies, such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. The  issue is whether Congress should have a role or we are going to be  completely bypassed by this administration.   That is all this amendment seeks to do, to have Congress take a role  in the way we have always taken a role in arms sales.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Visclosky).    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of  my time.   