 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from  Connecticut for leading this discussion today on gun violence. We want  to focus on one bill in particular, one piece of legislation, but I  want to step back for a moment and talk about this issue more broadly  in terms of what it means for the American people.   We are talking about a problem, the problem of gun violence, which is  a uniquely American problem. No other country has this problem. No  other country has the amount of mass shootings. I don't know the exact  number,  [[Page S3819]]  but we have had so many that we know them by the name of the community.  When we say Newtown, CT, or Sandy Hook Elementary School, when we talk  about places like Columbine, or Parkland, you know what happened at  those places because they have become so common. So this is a uniquely  American problem that Americans have to solve. Some of those Americans,  obviously, have to be Members of Congress.   You would never know there was this problem based upon the inaction  by Congress, by the Senate, and, until recently, the House over many  years.   The one question I have to ask is, are we going to surrender to this  uniquely American problem--because the inaction by Congress over many  years now would indicate to me that the answer to that question is yes;  that a lot of Members of Congress, House and Senate, have concluded  that there is absolutely nothing we can do to reduce even the  likelihood of another mass shooting or reduce the likelihood of more  and more gun violence.   So here we are. The House has passed background check legislation  that, as Senator Murphy just outlined, is overwhelmingly popular with  more than 90 percent of Americans who support it, and we are in day  113. It has been 113 days since the House passed it, and there is no  action on the Senate floor. There hasn't even really been a debate of  any kind here in the Senate on gun violence or what to do about it.    So consider that time frame and all the time that has gone by since.  The one bill that dealt with this issue of gun violence that passed  either House in probably 25 years is now 113 days from having any  action in the Senate. So with no action on something as popular and as  well-supported as that bill and on such an important issue as gun  violence, I have to conclude that without any action here in the  Senate, in this particular legislative graveyard, the Senate is  surrendering to this problem. It is just letting this bill die in the  Senate over time.   Among the many examples we could talk about, I will give you two  examples from both ends of our State of Pennsylvania. In the city of  Pittsburgh, we witnessed the deadly act of violence against the Jewish  community. The worst act of violence against a Jewish community in  American history was at the Tree of Life synagogue back in October,  when a shooter opened fire on three congregations worshipping during  Shabbat services. Three different congregations were worshipping at the  same place. This deadly mass shooting--a targeted, cowardly, hateful  attack on the Jewish community--resulted in the deaths of 11 innocent  Pennsylvanians and injured 6 more, including 4 members of law  enforcement. Eleven people were gone in a matter of minutes, and in  this case they range in age from the ages of low fifties, I guess, to  the oldest being 97 years old, if memory serves me.   While this attack was horrific for so many reasons, it is just one  example of the ongoing and systemic problem of gun violence across our  country. It is an epidemic. I will say it. It is a uniquely American  problem, and we are acting as if there is no problem at all here in the  Senate.   Just consider this. Through the month of April, nearly 400  individuals have been shot in the city of Philadelphia. In many cases,  if that doesn't lead to death itself, it leads to grievous permanent  injury.   Just this past weekend in Philadelphia, there were 19 shootings in  one city--19 shootings in one weekend with 5 deaths and 28 others  wounded. One of the shootings occurred in a public park during a  graduation party. Six people were shot and one was killed. They were  all under the age of 25.   Here is what the toll so far is this year. This year the gun-related  death toll in Philadelphia is 152--in one city. Needless to say, the  national statistics on this--the national numbers--are staggering, in  addition to the numbers I cited from Philadelphia. Gun violence affects  more than 100,000 people every year, impacting their lives year after  year in numbers like that.   On February 27, as I mentioned, the House passed H.R. 8, the  Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019--113 days ago--but the  majority leader has refused to call this bipartisan bill to the floor  of the Senate. Shouldn't we even debate it? Is that really where we  are--that this uniquely American problem of gun violence is not even  worthy of a debate? We are looking for a vote, obviously, but is it not  even worthy of a debate and then a vote?   We know that there may not be the votes in the Senate to pass this,  but we are not even going to debate something on such an important  issue? This is a piece of legislation supported by more than 90 percent  of the American people. If you don't want to be for it, just tell us in  the debate and register your vote. At least we will have debated the  one bill that passed the House in 25 years. We have this one  opportunity on one bill, and it is not even worthy of a debate here in  the Senate.   I am a proud original cosponsor of the Senate version of the bill,  the Background Check Expansion Act, because it is a type of commonsense  legislation that makes Americans safe from the horrors of gun violence.  In fact, expanding background checks is supported by more than 90  percent of Americans because they know--we all know--that background  checks make our community safer.   Since 1994, background checks have prevented more than 3.5 million  gun sales to dangerous criminals and others prohibited from owning  guns. Yet these background check bills haven't seen the light of day  since H.R. 8 was passed in the House. I will say it again: 113 days  ago. They were sent to this legislative graveyard. I have to ask my  Republican colleagues: Why don't you ask the majority leader to  schedule just one debate? It could be a limited debate. Then, let's  have a vote up or down. I hope there may be a vote on some other  measures, but at least let's debate and vote on a background check bill  that passed the House of Representatives.   The time for talk about this issue and the time for lamenting the  problem has long passed. We have to do something about it. That means  debating and voting. That is what we are supposed to do here--debate  big issues and vote. Vote how you want, but at least debate and vote on  this issue, which will reduce the likelihood that we will see more and  more tragedies like we have seen.   We are told that 100 people are shot and killed every day in the  United States of America. One hundred people are shot and killed every  day. We go not just days but weeks and months and now years without a  single bill getting the kind of debate and vote that it should get and  without a single bill passing.   At least let's get a start with this piece of legislation. Let's  debate it and vote on it.   I yield the floor.   