 Mr. President, I thank my friend and partner from  Maryland for all of his work in ending the shutdown.   I thank him, as well as our friend from Alaska, Senator Murkowski,  for bringing us together in a bipartisan way to find a solution to end  this shutdown as soon as possible. That is why I support the bipartisan  amendment that will be filed this afternoon to open the government for  3 weeks.   I should stress that this is not my preferred solution. I would like  to take up the bill that is at the desk that would open eight of the  nine Federal Departments right away and give us time to deal with the  Department of Homeland Security. Yet the proposal before us is our best  option at this point in time for resolving this shutdown.   What will 3 weeks accomplish? It is a fair question.   First of all, it will allow Federal Government employees--all of  them--to get back to work for the American people and help resume vital  services.   No. 2, it will make sure that all of them get paid--those who are  working without pay and those who have been locked out. That is  important because all of us know that tomorrow marks the second full  pay period of when they will get big fat zeros on their paychecks even  as their bills keep coming through the door.   It will do something else that is very important. It will give the  Senate and the House a little breathing room to work together on a  bipartisan basis to address a number of priorities--priorities to make  sure we provide adequate border security, which can include additional  resources. We can spend some time addressing immigration issues,  including those that were just mentioned by the Senator from South  Carolina.   I believe this time and space is absolutely needed to allow us to  work together in a bipartisan way. While 3 weeks may not sound like a  lot of time, in part, it will help focus our attention on getting the  job done, and we will all be held accountable in the House, in the  Senate, and in the White House for getting our work done in that  period.   I thank our colleagues for showing this good faith in trying to find  a solution to doing it. Take 3 weeks. Open the government. Let's have  those very important discussions. Let's do it in a sober and serious  way. If we do so, I am confident that we can find a permanent result  that will help us get out of this crisis.   I thank the Senator.   I yield back my time.   