 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in opposition to this bill today because this is just another  one of the Democrat Party's political stunts.   The 116th Congress continues now under this cloud of a partial  government shutdown, and it is for one reason and one reason only, and  that is that the Democrats continue to put their political agenda ahead  of the security of our country.   So here we find ourselves, the very first act of the new majority is  to bring a Senate bill forward without any hearings, without any  debate, and certainly without any amendments.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, Democrats that bring the bills to the floor  this week are really bypassing the entire process, bypassing every  Member's responsibility here in Congress, and that is to put their mark  on each and every bill.   It also may be to distract from some of the President's ideas as  well. In fact, the President's funding request is completely normal,  and it is necessary. It is not extreme. It is not divisive. It is not  political in any way whatsoever.   What is extreme, what is divisive, what is political, and what is  unnecessary is the Democrats' refusal to actually negotiate with the  President, their refusal to hear the facts and understand the facts as  presented by the experts.   They are more committed to satisfying their political base than  securing the border and opening the government, which we could do very  quickly if they just chose to meet with the President and negotiate on  good terms and in good faith.   If that is not bad enough, there are serious problems with this bill.  The underlying measure itself is certainly not perfect. After all, it  is a Senate bill, might I remind you, Mr. Speaker. It is identical to  the bill that they passed last year, and it does not include any of the  House priorities.   Democrats are not allowing any amendments here today, so there is no  way even to improve this bill, to perfect this bill, and we know we are  the body of perfecting the Senate's legislation.   Our constituents have elected us each here to represent them in  Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike, not to abdicate our  responsibilities and simply accept something from the Senate.   In fact, today is beginning a process that I see as very dangerous  and, in fact, is just asking this body, under this new majority, to  have every Member of the House of Representatives vote on nearly $300- plus billion of spending without one committee hearing, without one bit  of debate, without one amendment, and without any bit of perfection,  and, yet, stand before our constituents and say we have given this full  and thorough thought.   Now, there are many House priorities that both Democrats and  Republicans support that would certainly improve this legislation. For  example, the bill that we passed out of the House last year had many  great bipartisan elements to it. We passed it back in July, and it  contained nearly $276 million for the Calexico, California, land port  of entry, fully funding what was necessary there at that land port of  entry. Yet, the Senate bill is $100 million short.   Additionally, the bill that passed the House last year included 20  pieces of legislation that were bipartisan financial reforms that were  approved by this Chamber during the last Congress with a vote of 270  votes or more.   Mr. Speaker, you don't find that very often and you certainly haven't  over the last couple of years, yet it was included in what we passed  last year. Might I add, it is completely omitted by the Senate.   So Democrats and Republicans, including Chairwoman Waters herself,  sponsored many of these provisions--I know she is here with us today,  and I hope she speaks to the fact of their absence in this bill today-- that were building upon the JOBS Act from 2012.   These provisions facilitated capital formation, enhanced our capital  markets, and provided targeted relief to various institutions. More  importantly, Mr. Speaker, it provided consumer protection, which I  think and I would hope is a bipartisan quest for us.   The Senate bill also shorts the Small Business Administration's  Entrepreneurial Development programs, something that has been  bipartisan in this House. They short it by more than $10 million  compared to what we passed last year. It shorts the SBA's Women's  Business Centers by $1 million and their veterans outreach by $400,000.   Mr. Speaker, those are things we included last year that the Senate  has found are not a priority. The question I would have before this  House today is: Do we no longer hold those as priorities?  [[Page H333]]    If we pass what is proposed today, we are, in fact, saying it is no  longer a priority that we focus on veterans' or on women's businesses.   If that is not bad enough, the Senate bill is more than $31 million  short on SBA's disaster loans program. Many areas of this country,  including my State, including many of the States represented in this  room as we speak, are still reeling from last year's disasters. So do  Democrats really want to cut this lifeline short?   Mr. Speaker, I would hope not.   By abandoning the bipartisan House bill, Democrats are underfunding  programs for women, veterans, and disaster victims.   Additionally, this Senate bill contains nothing--and I say, Mr.  Speaker, nothing--for community development financial institutions to  assist those with disabilities.   Are we standing here today, Mr. Speaker, and saying that those with  disabilities are no longer a priority of this House? A ``yes'' vote  today would confirm that.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I am certainly not supporting this bill.   But I know that I have worked with my friend, Mr. Quigley, who is now  the chairperson, and we are going to have a great working relationship.  But this Senate bill is deficient of even his priorities.   I know it is very difficult for him today to introduce a bill that he  didn't craft, that he didn't originate other than by name only. I know  it is probably even more difficult that he is introducing a bill that  was originally introduced by Republicans in the Senate.   It doesn't include even his priorities that I worked on long and hard  with him, including the Elections Assistance Commission, which was a  strong priority of his. They cut it by more than $1 million over what  we had included last year.   The Consumer Protection Safety Commission is also $1 million below  what our House bill was, and it does not fund the grants for pool  safety, which I think we all know is a longtime House priority for many  Members of this body.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, the National Defense Authorization Act created  an entirely new structure for the Treasury Department's Committee on  Foreign Investment in the United States. They need another $6 million,  just $6 million to meet the requirements of this new authorization,  which will help protect all of our Nation's interests.   I guess I should say it one more time. The Senate has let us down,  and they don't even include that in this bill as well.   So I lay a lot of blame on the Senate bill itself and the components  of the Senate bill, but that shouldn't take away from the fact that it  is being introduced in this House today by the new majority.   Mr. Speaker, I heard the presentations that were given on opening day  last week as we were all sworn in, and I was hopeful that there would  be a very open, deliberative debate process that we would engage in, in  this House. I know there will be those that will claim there is urgency  and there is haste, and we must move fast. But we should never move  fast and hastily and disregard the constituencies that we each  represent or their voices, or putting our fingerprints on legislation  in the name of efficiency or in the name of where we are today and the  political differences.   We must embrace this political debate. We must allow every Member's  voice to be heard.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my friends on the other side of the  aisle: Let's give this a chance. Let's open up this process. Let's come  to the table.   We can do this. In fact, Mr. Quigley and I have shown that that can  be done even as we worked through last year.   We can fund border security. We can secure our Nation. We can reopen  the government. We can incorporate the priorities of Republicans and  Democrats in the House today, because, after all, we are closest to the  people. Don't their voices deserve to be heard?   The American people are counting on us, Mr. Speaker, so they have  elected us to do this. I hope we can do it. I rise in opposition and  will be opposing this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may  consume to the gentlewoman from the State of Texas (Ms. Granger), the  ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, my good friend and  wonderful Representative.    Mr. Speaker, let me just point out really  quickly that I hear the argument on the other side that passage of this  bill will reopen the government right now, today, and get it all  working again. Let me remind everyone, that will not happen. This is  not the bill that fully funds what is outstanding at this point. This  is one little component.   But I love the passion of my friend from Georgia. He and I worked  well together on the committee, and h has taught me much. One thing he  taught me was to fight for what is important, fight for those  priorities that are important, and one of his number one priorities is  omitted in this very bill that he is advocating for passage of.    Fight for your priorities, House Members. Republicans and Democrats  alike, fight for what you believe in and don't let go, because the  Senate passed something and it is easier.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. McHenry), the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee,  a great champion for free markets and capitalism, and my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume to make a few points.   Mr. Speaker, this bill has already been voted on. As I recall, last  week, the majority party put this on the floor, passed it out of the  House, and, guess what, the government is not open. This is not the  solution. So I don't get why we are here today doing this in such a  closed, lockdown process.   What is a solution, potentially, could be if the chairwoman's  bipartisan efforts from last year were given the opportunity to be  voted on today with a simple amendment. So what we are talking about,  maybe, is that 15 or 20 more minutes of our precious time today is too  much to ask to perfect Senate imperfections.   That is really what today's debate should be about. It is not about  this legislation. We have already voted on it--we voted on it last  week--and I think the minority voted ``no,'' the majority voted  ``yes,'' and, guess what, the government is still not open. Why? There  is only one reason and one reason only: Democrats are unwilling to  negotiate with a President they just don't like.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Hill).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, largely, in this debate, you are hearing two different  elements. You are hearing a little bit of a policy argument on the  Democratic side, the other side of the aisle, and from our side you are  hearing a process argument. I think this is really important.   We, in essence, are in the third day of the 116th Congress and  shutting the process down, 435 Members' voices being silenced.  Extrapolate that across 800,000 constituents we each represent. Those  are the voices that are being silenced here today in the name of  expediency, in the name of political stunts, in the name of finger- pointing, but without really any resolve or desire to bring a fruitful,  positive conclusion to what is a very difficult and painful time that  we are in right now. I agree with that.   I think about over the holidays, and it is interesting how the other  side is pointing fingers at the President here and there, but the  President was here. He was in Washington, D.C. He was waiting for the  other side to come and have a discussion and talk about these tough  issues together, to work through them. Where were they? If I recall,  maybe the incoming Speaker-elect might have been in Hawaii. Other  Members were on vacations with their families.   While families of these agencies were struggling and wondering about  their next day, their Christmas, and their next paycheck, the  leadership of the Democratic Party was on vacation while the President  was here saying: I am here. The door is open. Let's talk.  [[Page H336]]    I think he still extends that invitation, and I hope they take us up  on that.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, if you think about the overarching discussion and issue  and where the division is, it is really about the fundamental question  of border security.   Some don't like the term, ``the wall.'' I would hope, maybe, that we  are all for securing our country. Maybe it is just terminology that  separates us oftentimes, but through this time of thinking about the  words we are choosing, lives are being altered; they are being  impacted.   Individuals are losing their lives because of illegal activity that  occurs through our porous border, and it is just, in many cases,  because of insufficient funds while we have this debate about words and  terminology: What is a fence? or a wall? or a barrier? or technology?  It doesn't really matter what terms we use when lives are being altered  daily while we squabble, just squabble, over a few terms.   It is amazing how the other side says that they can't support this,  they just can't support funding for the wall. What they are saying,  really, is that they can't support this President because they don't  like him.   But, in fact, on two different occasions, within the last 18 or 19  months, the new majority party did vote for wall funding. They voted  for border security. It was $1.6 billion on two separate occasions.  Both times have been signed into law by this same President.   I wonder: Why is it too much to ask to just put in a different  number, a little bit more? Is our country not worth just a little bit  more? Is a life not worth just a little bit more when national experts  say it is necessary? Or are political differences going to stand in the  way of that?   I hope today we can break through that.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am glad we are reaching a  conclusion on this, because we just went through this last week, might  I remind you. Same stuff, same legislation, voted on, passed out of the  House and guess what? The government is still not open and operating.  So are we really trying to get to a workable solution here by the new  majority or just drive another wedge in our country?   This passage today, if it were to occur, will not change anything. It  will only drive us a little further apart and will not reopen the  government. Let's not kid anyone. Let's make sure those sound bites  don't get out there and that the headlines aren't that, because that is  truly not what is going to happen at all.   What is happening today is an example of abdicating our  responsibilities as duly elected Members of the House of  Representatives in the name of expediency and political tactics. That  is what is happening here today. It is really what that vote is today.   A ``yes'' vote is an affirmation that I am for the expediency of  doing away with responsibilities because it is easy and it is  politically advantageous. A ``no'' vote is saying I am going to stand  up for the voices of this House. I am going to stand up for the  constituencies that we represent. I am going to stand up for the  priorities of this House and wait and fight for a better process.   This process is amazing. Actually, it is reckless, to be honest with  you, Mr. Speaker. I mean, are we going to be a bicameral system  anymore? Is this an  [[Page H337]]  example of what we should see and is this a forecast of the days ahead  that there will be no debate in a committee?   A bill is introduced--and you watched the cartoons growing up and it  seemed like it was a simple process: a person has a nice idea; they  write it down on a piece of paper and they turn it in; and people look  at it and perfect it a little bit; and all of a sudden, you build  support for something across the aisle and across the different  coalitions; and then you get to share it and advocate for it; and then  it goes to the other body.   Then they get a choice. Do they want to make changes to it, and such,  and input it through a committee. That is not how it is happening  today. This is the new majority, a very closed, very dark process in  which not even Democrat Members--if I were one of the 60 new Members  elected on the other side, I would be throwing my hands up in the air  right now saying, wait a minute. I did all that work for this, for you  to tell me what I must vote on? And I have a binary choice, yes or no?  That is the only choice I get?   Mr. Speaker, I feel for the new incoming Members. This is not what it  was supposed to be like for them. I don't think it is what you  recruited them for, as well. It is a sacrifice, really. It is  sacrificing all of our priorities that we have as a House, all for a  process because there are folks who just don't like this President.   Mr. Speaker, I have been in that position before too. In fact, I  remember Barack Obama when he was President. I disagreed with him as a  President. I didn't want him to fail though because it meant our  country was failing. I disagreed with him on policy, and I would share  that, and advocate, but I would try to influence as well.   I don't see any ability here or ideas of influencing outcomes, but I  will close with this, Mr. Speaker, because I want to share with you  some words that have been heard around this town and on the Hill in  recent days and months. These are quotes.   ``Members today seem to have a better chance today of getting struck  by lightning than getting their amendments made in order. They come  here with real ideas and germane amendments, only to be told `no,'  again, and again, and again.''   Next quote: ``We shouldn't be stifling debate.''   Next quote: ``I do think we will find a lot of agreement on some  pretty commonsense ideas, but we need a more accommodating process,  though. We need to follow regular order and the House needs to actually  debate again.'' That was in September.   Also in September: ``I feel like we are living in an authoritarian  regime,'' heard on the Hill here.   ``It is like this majority is allergic to an open process.''   And then, lastly: ``With each new closed rule they bring to the  floor, shutting out amendments from both Democrats and Republicans, the  cynical hypocrisy grows louder and louder. Instead of the people's  House, this has, sadly, become only the people who agree,'' at that  time, ``with Paul Ryan's House.''   Might I share the author of these quotes? It would be the chairman of  the Rules Committee today, Chairman McGovern. Those are his words, and  he is absolutely right, but he was forecasting today in this moment.   Mr. Speaker, this is a sad time in the House of Representatives. Very  sad. I agree with Mr. McGovern. He is absolutely right, and it is at  this moment today in which it has been proven to be true.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    I am opposed to it in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this motion seeks to address one  of the many important shortfalls in the Senate bill, and I know there  are many, and we can only address one or two, or an exception here in  this moment of a motion to recommit.   I wish the Rules Committee would have allowed for--we have had this  debate already today--allowed for Members of both parties to offer  their ideas to insert better concepts and to make perfection out of  something that is certainly not a perfect product coming from the  Senate.   I think the American people, through their elected Representatives of  this body, deserve that opportunity as well to amend and improve this  legislation, but the new Democratic majority has certainly shut down  this legislative process.   I just read quotes from the current chairman of the Rules Committee  and his disgust with that very same concept or process from months ago,  and,  [[Page H338]]  yet, it is being imposed upon us today. This is our only opportunity to  improve the bill, and as meager as this might be, this is important.   This motion is really simple. It just adds $2 million to the Treasury  Department's Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, which  would match the House past levels that we passed last year of $161  million.   This important office is fighting on the front lines to enforce  economic sanctions against rogue nations like Iran, North Korea, and  Russia. Mr. Speaker, you and I agree on how important that is, and they  must have the resources necessary.   The Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act which  created this office, passed this House in 2017 by a vote of 419 yeses  to just 3 noes. So it was very bipartisan. That is about as good as it  gets around here. And it passed the Senate 98-2--another great mark as  well--and President Trump signed it into law. It is an amazing needle  to thread all through there that we had great bipartisan support here  in the House, the Senate, and the President signing this into law.   This is overwhelmingly bipartisan, Mr. Speaker, and it brings the  full force of our Nation's sanctions against countries that seek to do  us harm. This is something we should support.   It is so important that OMB Director Mick Mulvaney sent us a budget  amendment requesting more funds to stand up this office. And that is  not a request we often get from Mr. Mulvaney to increase spending  anywhere. But, yet, he did that.   And you know the former Director himself, as he served here, he  doesn't like to spend a penny more than needed, so this is certainly a  very important priority.   The Treasury has also made a strong case that to comply with the  Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, the Department  needs these funds. So as we debate about the importance of the moment  and where we are in time, I could see nothing more important for us to  focus on than to put an additional $2 million into this program and  offset it, as has been described in the amendment from the GSA's rental  payments.   I hope every Member can support this commonsense improvement. We are  just improving on the Senate bill. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a ``yes''  vote on the motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   