 Mr. President, for the last 3 years, the world has watched  with rapt attention as the United Kingdom has debated and negotiated  that country's exit from the European Union after the historic Brexit  vote in June of 2016.   There have been multiple deals proposed since then, and now the  deadline for withdrawal fast approaches this Friday. As the special  ally of Britain for a very long time--a very close ally for well over  100 years--this is and it ought properly be of great interest to us in  the United States of America.   Throughout times of change and tumult, the UK has been one of our  staunchest and most loyal allies. We stood beside each other through  two world wars and throughout the Cold War. Now, in the 21st century,  the United States and the United Kingdom have become even stronger  friends and partners, both in the fight against global terrorism and  for freedom, peace, and prosperity.   The United Kingdom, significantly, is the seventh largest trading  partner the United States has. In 2017 alone, we are talking about $232  billion in goods that were traded between our two countries. Now,  Britain's impending exit from the European Union presents an enormous  opportunity to strengthen and to preserve our special relationship.   As the Brexit deadline approaches, the United States should stand  ready and willing to negotiate a free trade agreement with the United  Kingdom, which is the purpose of the resolution that I want to bring  before this body today. Prior to this, we haven't been able to have  true free trade with Britain, precisely because the UK was a member of  the EU and, therefore, had to play by its rules.   Yet once the UK leaves, it will reclaim the authority to make its own  trade agreements, opening up a window of opportunity for genuine,  bilateral free trade with our own country. Such an agreement would  advance prosperity on both sides of the Atlantic as an engine of  economic liberty.   This resolution--the one I would like to bring up and plan to bring  up either later today or Monday, based on the schedule I am trying to  negotiate with Senator Wyden--is a good deal. It is a good deal for the  United States and for the United Kingdom. I think it is such a no- brainer, in fact, that most Americans would probably be surprised to  find out that we don't already have a free trade agreement with our  friends on the other side of the pond.   Yet there are some objections to this resolution. Some of my  colleagues have argued that by encouraging a free trade agreement with  Britain, we would somehow be meddling in this affair or picking sides,  or that we would somehow be affirming Brexit. Yet this resolution that  I want to offer and am suggesting that we call up and pass by unanimous  consent, itself, says nothing about whether or not Brexit should or  should not happen--not at all. That is not a decision that belongs to  this body, and it is not a decision that I am even suggesting that this  body make. It is not ours to make. It is a decision for the British  people to make--the people of the United Kingdom--and they, of course,  have made it. They have decided to stand on their own. We should stand  with them just as they have stood beside us in conflict after conflict,  in cause after cause, defending the dignity of the immortal human soul  and the cause of freedom throughout the world.   Others have claimed that the point of this measure is somehow to  lambaste the EU, but this, too, badly misses the point, which is simply  to preserve a unique and important alliance and to promote America's  interests in the world.   Finally, some have suggested that this resolution that I want to  propose and call up and pass before this body did not go through the  Finance Committee. First of all, this is not a complicated resolution.  It is simple. It is a straightforward, 2-page resolution declaring the  sense of the Senate that No. 1, the United States has and should have a  close, mutually beneficial trading and economic partnership with the  United Kingdom without interruption and, No. 2, that the President,  with the support of Congress, should lay the groundwork for a future  trade agreement between the United States and the United Kingdom.   Also, the vast majority of resolutions that simply specify a general  sense of the Senate do not normally go through the full-blown  legislative committee process. A straightforward assertion of  friendship, support, and economic partnership with one of our oldest  and closest allies in the world should not be controversial--not in the  least. America's special relationship with the United Kingdom is  special because we make it so--our two peoples, our two governments.   It is not our job to decide whether or not the UK stays in the EU. It  is up to the British people to decide whether to stick with the EU or  not. It is up to us to decide whether we stick with the British, and we  should. We should do that by supporting this resolution today.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   