 Mr. President, whistleblowers play a key role in holding  the Federal Government accountable for waste, fraud, abuse,  mismanagement, and illegal activity. It is therefore appropriate that  even though Whistleblower Appreciation Day was yesterday, we take a  moment to pause and thank the brave men and women who have the courage  to speak up when they see ways to better or improve our government. I  want to thank them for their efforts to ensure that our government  never loses sight of why we are here--to serve the American people and  to be good stewards of their resources and trust.   I was also proud to introduce legislation with Senator Maggie Hassan  of New Hampshire. Our bill ensures adequate protections for  subgrantees--the folks on the firing line who are most important to  revealing when something is not right. That needs to be protected in a  way that is ensured so that they always feel comfortable coming  forward.   In 1989, Congress approved the Whistleblower Protection Act, thereby  expanding whistleblower protections for Federal employees and later  expanding protections for individuals in certain private sector  employment.   From time to time, it has been necessary for Congress to refine  Federal whistleblower laws. We always want them to be working. In one  such instance, Congress enhanced whistleblower protections as part of  the National Defense Authorization Act of 2013 for Federal contractor,  subcontractor, and grantee employees on a pilot program basis. The  program worked well, and, in 2016, Congress saw fit to make the pilot  permanent. It makes sense. This is how the process should work.  Congress saw a problem, addressed it on a test basis, evaluated it to  make sure it was working as it should, and moved to make the program  permanent.   However, the subsequent amendments in 2016, to make sure the program  was working, failed to guarantee subgrantees were recognized in the  legislative text, as necessary, to make sure it would work on a  technical basis. While 2016 amendments explicitly included Federal  subgrantee employees, coordinated changes were not made in the  statute's related sections.   I am proud to introduce this legislation with Senator Hassan to close  this gap because it needs to work in all cases. S. 2315, the  Whistleblower Act, clarifies the scope of the protection statute  specifically as to employees of Federal subgrantees who provide  protected disclosures. Subgrantees are often in the best position to  provide information regarding wrongdoing as to Federal subgrant funds.  I am, therefore, pleased to play a small role in cleaning up our laws  so they operate as they were intended--to protect whistleblowers.   Finally, we take whistleblowers seriously in my office. If anybody  would like to assist, contact me through our whistleblower assistance  line. One can email me at [email protected].   I yield the floor.   