 Mr. Speaker, Savanna's Act, which we have talked  about, is named in honor of Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind, a 22-year-old  pregnant member of the Spirit Lake Tribe who was murdered in my home  State of North Dakota in 2017. Her disappearance and suspected murder  not only devastated the Spirit Lake Nation, but it also devastated the  community of Fargo and was truly a horrible issue felt by every member  of my State from one end to another.   For 8 days, her family, friends, and the community searched for her,  hoping that she would be found alive. As we all know, she was not.  Thankfully, her baby was found alive after surviving the attack and  literally being cut from the womb.   Savanna's murder brought to light that data on missing and murdered  indigenous people--women and girls in particular--is scattered around  government agencies or it is completely nonexistent. Savanna's Act  attempts to address this issue. It requires the Justice Department to  develop protocols to address missing and murdered Native Americans,  including information-sharing and training for law enforcement.   We must do more to bring justice for victims and prevent these crimes  from happening, and the reason is that the statistics are staggering.  On some reservations, Indian women are murdered at a rate of more than  10 times the national average. Native Americans are two-and-a-half  times as likely to experience violent crimes and two times more likely  to experience sexual assault crimes. The number of unsolved crimes on  Native Americans on reservations is significantly higher than even the  most crime-ridden cities we have in the country.   More than four in five Native American women, around 84 percent, will  experience some form of violence in their lifetimes. The reasons and  factors for this are varied. We deal with poverty, and we deal with  rural communities, in general. We deal with jurisdictional fights  between different organizations, addiction, and a history of racial  abuse.   None of these things matter to the people who are missing and to the  family members and the Tribal members who are missing.   In Savanna Greywind's case, the perpetrators were found, and justice  was served, but that will never bring her back.   I would be remiss if I didn't mention this. At the same time this was  captivating the entire State of North Dakota, Olivia Lone Bear went  missing from the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in October 2017. Her  body was found almost an entire year later in Lake Sakakawea on July  31, 2018. As of today, that case has not been resolved.   Communication breakdowns from one end to the other have caused  frustration. Her family members, the Tribal governments, and the State  of North Dakota have no resolution to this case.   I wish these were two isolated stories, but we all know they are not.  When we are here and working toward things, I get it that we are in a  polarized environment, and we deal with lots of different things, but  this is absolutely the purview of Congress. This bill has had broad  bipartisan and bicameral support, and there is really no excuse not to  get Savanna's Act passed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Washington for doing this today.  I thank Congresswoman Torres and Senator Murkowski for authoring the  bill. I thank Senator Cramer and Senator Hoeven. I say thank you to  former Senator Heitkamp, who really did champion this issue during her  time in the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass Savanna's Act. It is  simple. Sometimes we can do the right thing.   