 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday afternoon, the majority on the  House Intelligence Committee released a report on the evidence it has  examined thus far in the impeachment inquiry into President Trump. The  report asserted that the inquiry has ``uncovered a months-long effort  by President Trump to use the powers of his office to solicit foreign  interference on his behalf in the 2020 election,'' going on to say that  the ``President placed his own personal and political interests above  the national interests of the United States.''   Those are extremely serious charges, and the conduct they describe is  undoubtedly worthy of congressional investigation, which is precisely  what the House impeachment inquiry is designed to do.   Whatever your party affiliation, it is up to us in Congress--and  particularly in the Senate--to examine the evidence, remain impartial,  and treat this matter with the seriousness it deserves. But at the  moment, too many Members of the President's party are stretching the  bounds of truth in an attempt to defend the President's behavior.  Certain Members on the other side have parroted the fiction invented by  Vladimir Putin's intelligence services that Ukraine, not just Putin,  interfered in the 2016 elections. One Member repeated this falsehood,  recanted on live television, and then went back to making similar  comments a few days later.   Yesterday, Leader McConnell, when asked to set the record straight,  said that it was a matter for the intelligence committees to look into.   Well, Leader McConnell, the intelligence committees have looked at  it. In fact, according to reports, the Republican-led Senate  Intelligence Committee investigated the allegations that Ukraine  interfered in the 2016 election and found no evidence to support the  claims. The Republican-led Intelligence Committee found no evidence,  and Leader McConnell and so many of our Republican friends, in febrile  obeisance to Donald Trump and his falsehoods and lies, have refused to  even rebut that.   It is a dark day for America when a foreign leader who is our enemy  can spread a false truth and is either defended or there is a lack of  rebuttal from our Republican colleagues. What the heck is going on here  in this America?   David Hale, the No. 3 official at President Trump's State Department,  was asked by Senator Menendez yesterday whether he was aware of any  evidence of Ukrainian interference in 2016. He said: I am not. He was  not aware. Fiona Hill, another Trump appointee and a former NSC  official, testified under oath that it was ``a fictional narrative.''   There is no doubt that the idea of Ukrainian interference in 2016 is  a hoax perpetrated by Putin's intelligence services, echoed by FOX News  and acolytes of President Trump's, who similarly have shown no regard  for truth--none.   The fact that Republican Senators are repeating and amplifying this  fiction or playing coy about it, as Leader McConnell is, is just wrong  for America, wrong for the future of our country--a turning point, a  dark point, in our history. And in my view, it shows the extreme  depths--the febrile depths--to which certain Members on the other side  will stoop to provide cover to a President accused of serious  wrongdoing--a President who almost no American believes is credible any  longer.   