 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 582, the Raise  the Wage Act, or, as it should be called, the Raising Unemployment for  American Workers Act.   I was disappointed to hear that Democratic members on the Rules  Committee failed to make my amendment in order. The amendment  prohibited H.R. 582 from going into effect if the Government  Accountability Office found that over 500,000 jobs would be lost to  automation as a direct result of this legislation, a very reasonable  amendment.    This amendment was intended to make sure that, in seeking to improve  economic outcomes for workers, especially lower-wage and lesser-skilled  workers, we don't adopt policies that have the opposite effect.   This radical legislation would more than double the Federal minimum  wage, the largest-ever increase since its creation. The recent  Congressional Budget Office report on this bill paints a bleak picture  of the consequences if it ever becomes law.   When fully implemented, this legislation would result in as many as  3.7 million, almost 270,000 from the State of Texas, jobs lost. Across  the country, total real family income would drop by $9 billion.   At a time when the economy is expanding, wages are rising above  inflation, and unemployment is the lowest it has been in decades, we  should not be considering job-killing, income-reducing legislation.  [[Page H7111]]    The negative impacts of such a disastrous bill would be felt in high- income urban areas, but they would be even more severe in lower income  rural areas. The economic conditions of Navarro County, Texas, in my  district, where the median income is $45,000 a year, are not the same  as San Francisco, where the median income is more than double that. A  federally mandated doubling of the minimum wage would burden these  people and businesses, forcing them to cut hours, let employees go, and  close business doors.    My colleagues across the aisle like to point to the  number of people who will be lifted out of poverty but consistently  fail to acknowledge that the same number of Americans are expected to  lose their jobs. It seems to me that this bill is a sweet deal, but  only if you get to keep your job.   