 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come before you, first and foremost,  to thank Senator Inhofe for his great leadership as the chairman of the  Senate Armed Services Committee and a special thanks to the staff who  are working very, very hard to process the hundreds of amendments to  the National Defense Authorization Act that came out of the committee  with broad bipartisan support.   I am here to talk specifically about some provisions that I think are  pretty important that actually started in the Personnel Subcommittee. I  chair the Personnel Subcommittee for Senate Armed Services. Early this  year, we heard of what I consider to be absolutely unacceptable  conditions in military housing across the country. In North Carolina-- and, Madam President, in your great State of Tennessee--we have bases,  and we have military housing. We have men and women, many of them very  young. Oftentimes the spouses are deployed, so the family is back home  taking care of their children, taking care of their own jobs, and  living on the base.   About February, we got reports--and these are not just one-off  reports; these are reports across the country of mold, mildew, damage  from storms, and all kinds of conditions that I think in the private  sector you would find objectionable. I think it is particularly  objectionable when you are talking about people whose families are with  that husband or wife who serve in the military or serve in this  country.   We decided to have a number of hearings where we brought the private  housing providers into the Senate and my Personnel Subcommittee and the  full committee to get an explanation. Quite honestly, there wasn't a  good explanation.   Back in 1996, the Federal Government decided to get out of the  housing business. I am glad they did because they were doing a really  bad job. For about 10 years, we had a great story to tell in terms of  the quality of housing, the service to the tenants, and the  satisfaction of the military families. But then something got sideways  in a very, very bad way.   This is a shower. If you see this kind of mold and mildew in your  shower,  [[Page S4493]]  would you think it is acceptable? If you go in and see children's  toys--and this is actually the bottom side of a crib--mold and mildew  in these folks' housing with small children in them, people with  respiratory conditions living in these kinds of conditions, I expect  the garrison down at the bases and I expect the private housing  providers to move Heaven and Earth to eliminate these sorts of  problems. We are making progress, but I feel, in order to make sure it  is not progress that is being made just when they all of a sudden get  the attention of this Senator and other Members of the U.S. Senate, we  have to change the rules in terms of the authorities that the  Department of Defense has and the expectations that we have for the  private housing providers.   I have to give thanks to the Acting Secretary of Defense, formerly  the Secretary of the Army, and all of the service Secretaries for  stepping up. They have recreated a tenant of bill of rights. They have  created a dispute process. They have demanded a more timely and more  transparent method for actually solving service requests. All of those  now have language in this National Defense Authorization Act that  Congress needs to act quickly on so that we can make sure we put into  place the right expectations in the statute, to make sure that the  problems that exist today are fixed and that they don't happen again.   I will tell you that while we are making progress, when I go to Fort  Bragg and Camp Lejeune, I hold what are called sensing sessions, which  are basically getting a few dozen people together to hear their  complaints. There is an amazing thing that happens when I go to North  Carolina.   I don't know, Madam President, if you have done one of these in  Tennessee yet, but if you announce that you are going to go down and  hear from the tenants, there is an amazing thing that happens. You have  all of these service requests that are about to here when they announce  that I am coming to Jacksonville or I am coming to Fayetteville. About  a day or two before I get there, magically, they have been able to  solve almost all of those service requests. Then I go away for a couple  of months, and I see them coming back up again.   One thing that everybody who is listening--and these are not just the  private housing providers. It is the Department of Defense and Congress  that I think have shifted their focus away from this problem, and we  have to maintain a focus on it.   So for my part, I just spoke with my scheduling director and my State  staff. I told them that I want to take the next sensing session up a  level. I want a townhall. I want to be able to put 200 or 300 families  with housing down in Jacksonville at Camp Lejeune and down at Ft. Bragg  in Fayetteville--I want to put them in a room, and I want to make it  very clear to everybody involved, whether it is the private housing  provider, the garrison commanders, the Department of Defense, and put a  light on us in Congress because it is our inaction that has caused the  problem.   We want to know what their problems are. We are going to hear from  hundreds of people. We are going to make progress on these kinds of  things through the provisions in the NDAA, but we still have to  continue to focus on this problem.   First, I want to thank Senator Inhofe. He did a great job in terms of  casting light on this, and I know I have the commitment of the chairman  of the Senate Armed Services Committee, but I don't want these just to  be words on the floor. I want them to be words that are put into action  in terms of how we can help these military families today.   If you have a service request outstanding with any vendor and you do  not feel like you are getting a proper response, I want you to write  down ``Tillis.senate.gov.'' In my office, we will treat every single  housing request you have as a request for casework, and I will have one  of several dozen staff members in my office open up a case and track it  until it is completed.   As for anybody else who knows a servicemember who has this problem  and thinks he will not have somebody who will follow up on it, give me  a chance. We have already solved a lot of them, and we are going to  solve a lot more. We are not going to finish until I believe the men  and women and the families at Fort Bragg, at Camp Lejeune, and at bases  across this country have the safe and comfortable housing they deserve.   I yield the floor.   