 Is the minority leader on the floor?    Yesterday, Chaplain Black opened the Senate by quoting  the Gospel according to Luke. He said: ``Those who work deserve their  pay.'' I could not agree more.   First of all, I want to thank the finest among us--the members of the  Coast Guard, TSA, Customs and Border Protection, ICE, all the men and  women whom, because of Federal law, we require to work who are caught  up  [[Page S560]]  in the shutdown politics, which I don't agree with, and they are not  getting paid. It is a basic principle that we should pay these  individuals.   Earlier today, my colleague, the Senator from Alaska, with other  Republican colleagues, came to the floor asking a simple question-- proposing a bill to pay the men and women of the Coast Guard, and for  some reason, the minority leader and Democrats objected to this very  fair proposal.   Today, I come to the floor to offer an amendment to the bill I  introduced 10 days ago. It has been talked about in the press. We have  24 Republican cosponsors of the Shutdown Fairness Act, which does a  pretty simple thing: It simply pays those individuals who are doing the  work trying to keep this Nation safe.   Mr. President, I see the minority leader here.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 6, H.J. Res. 1. I ask unanimous consent  that the Johnson amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I do object because we basically just voted on that in  the Senate, and it was voted down. The President would not sign that.  That would not become law. And the minority leader is holding 400-some  thousand individuals who are actually working who should get paid--he  is the one holding them hostage.   I would yield to the Senator from Tennessee.    Mr. President, I would like to turn it over to the  Senator from Tennessee for 2 minutes.   