 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today we will take the first step in the  passage of the National Defense Authorization Act when we hold the  cloture vote this afternoon. For the last 58 years, consecutively,  Congress has passed this important legislation to fund our Nation's  military and support the men and women who wear our uniform and defend  our freedoms, both at home and around the world.   Last month the Senate Armed Services Committee voted overwhelmingly  by a vote of 25 to 2 to advance this legislation to the Senate floor.  So it goes without saying, perhaps, that this enjoys broad bipartisan  support, but in this political environment, I will go ahead and say  that anyway.   This bill received that kind of support because it includes the ideas  and feedback from Members of both parties and places our national  security where it should be, above all other considerations when it  comes to the Federal Congress.   I wish I could say the same thing about the House version of the  National Defense Authorization Act. After extensive debate and a  largely party-line vote in the House, the House Armed Services  Committee voted last week to ban the deployment of low-yield nuclear  warheads on submarine-launched ballistic missiles, which is a dangerous  step that could prevent us from being able to respond to attacks from  our adversaries.   I realize the seriousness of this topic, and really the purpose of my  speaking today is to raise the visibility of this issue so that Members  can begin to understand and grapple with the subject matter and reach  informed decisions, which I believe would be in favor of the Senate  version, which would allow the deployment of low-yield nuclear weapons  on submarines.  [[Page S3816]]    Significantly, I believe the House provisions, although well- intended, would make the potential for the use of these weapons more  likely rather than less. To state the obvious, I hope that no nuclear  weapon in our arsenal or in the arsenal of an adversary of ours will  ever see the light of day. Nuclear weapons should always be a last  resort.   If you think about it, it is really almost a miracle that 74 years  ago at Hiroshima was the last time a nuclear weapon was used, and I  hope that record continues unbroken indefinitely. Why has it been 74  years? Well, it is because the countries, by and large, that possess  nuclear weapons realize the gravity of their use and that, once  started, a nuclear war would result in devastation for everyone-- everyone, literally--on the planet.   Yet we would be foolish to ignore the clear posture of our  adversaries when it comes to nuclear weapons and play into their hands  and, I think, actually make the use of these weapons more likely  through miscalculation and mistake. Let's take Russia, for example.  Back when General Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,  testified at his confirmation hearing before the Armed Services  Committee, he was asked his assessment of the threat that Russia poses  to the United States. He said: My assessment today, Senator, is that  Russia presents the greatest threat to our national security. If you  want to talk about a nation that could pose an existential threat to  the United States, I would have to point to Russia, and if you look at  their behavior, it is nothing short of alarming.    That was in 2015, and I would say, in terms of the existential  threat, nothing has changed in terms of Russia's bad behavior. They  have continued their bad behavior to this day in Syria, Ukraine, and  Crimea. Basically, if they feel they can make America's job tougher  anywhere around the world, they try to do so.   Looking at Russia and its nuclear arsenal--their nuclear deterrent  strategy is one of the world's worst-kept secrets. It is known by most  as ``escalate to deescalate.'' The Russians are aware that the United  States possesses far greater conventional military capabilities and  developed a strategy that uses their lesser capabilities as an  advantage. But Russia's nuclear doctrine allows them to attack  conventional forces--say, NATO forces in Europe--with a nuclear weapon  under the pretext that the United States would have no way to respond  to that attack--in other words, use of a low-yield tactical nuclear  weapon in Europe--and they would essentially dare the United States to  respond, and the only option the United States has is a strategic  weapon on top of an intercontinental ballistic missile. Well, you can  see why a President would be reluctant to use that sort of devastating  power to respond to the use of a tactical nuclear weapon in Europe-- attacking one of our NATO partners. That is the disparity I think all  of our Members need to be aware of and need to think about.   The foundation of the Russian nuclear doctrine is this: They believe  the United States would be hesitant to retaliate against a low-yield  first strike by Russia with a high-yield weapon. Through their actions,  those who are opposing the deployment of low-yield nuclear weapons in  the Defense authorization bill are confirming the belief of the  Russians that absent a low-yield tactical weapon that could be used in  response without using strategic weapons and risking a nuclear  holocaust--actually, it counterintuitively makes it more likely that  the Russians would take that step through miscalculation.   Our friend and colleague Senator Inhofe, the Chairman of the Armed  Services Committee, said on the floor last summer when we were having a  debate on this topic that Russia ``may perceive that limited nuclear  first use, including low-yield weapons, would present the United States  with two bad choices: escalate or do nothing.'' He is exactly right.   We are dissuaded from using conventional forces out of fear that the  conflict would quickly escalate into a catastrophic world war, but we  cannot accept inaction as an appropriate response. In order to honor  our NATO and global security commitments, our military needs to have  the capacity to respond appropriately and proportionately to any  attack, and to do that, we must develop our own low-yield nuclear  weapons and bolster the deterrence value of the U.S. nuclear triad.   The point here is to make nuclear war--to take it off the table so  that no one will even dare travel down that path. That is the way we  will keep that 74-year record since Hiroshima unbroken into the  indefinite future, hopefully permanently.   The importance of replacing high-yield warheads with low-yield ones  was underscored in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review. The administration  called for the employment of low-yield nuclear warheads to remove  Russia's perceived advantage, which former Secretary Defense James  Mattis once called ``bellicose and cavalier.'' It specifically argues  that expanding these options will ``help ensure that potential  adversaries perceive no possible advantage in limited nuclear  escalation, making nuclear employment less likely.'' That is the point;  that is the objective--to make nuclear employment less likely.   This is what the strategy refers to as credible deterrence. By  reducing the disparity between their potential strike and our potential  response, the initial attack is less likely. This is of huge importance  to our country and our national security, as well as that of our  allies. NATO and non-NATO allies depend on the U.S. nuclear deterrent  for their own security, and we must take every step possible to be  prepared.   I note, parenthetically, that this is another reason why only  rational actors should have nuclear weapons, because when Kim Jong Un  in North Korea or when the ayatollahs in Tehran get ahold of nuclear  weapons, they may or may not be subject to the same sort of deterrence  that a Russia is when it comes to the use of possible employment of  nuclear weapons.   I find it perplexing that some of our Democratic colleagues are  trying to take this step, which would place us in a strategic  disadvantage against Russia, when they have made a platform of  confronting Russian aggression. As a matter of fact, I think we all, on  a bipartisan basis, have supported opposing Russian aggression. So why  is it that we are hesitant to do so on this topic?   When it comes to Russia's most blatant form of aggression--nuclear  weapons--we can't afford to unilaterally disarm our military and leave  the United States without a credible deterrent. We have already seen  Russia's flagrant violations of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces  Treaty, and it continues to modernize its nuclear weapons. The more it  feels like it has gained some advantage over the United States, the  more they may be tempted to actually use them.   Why should we allow that to continue without preparing for a possible  response or, at minimum, reducing the likelihood they will ever be  employed in the first place?   House Armed Services Chairman Adam Smith said: ``We do not think it  is the proper approach to start talking about a proportional response,  because it plants in peoples' minds that there is somehow an acceptable  nuclear war.''   That is just not true. No one accepts as inevitable a nuclear war.  What we are trying to do is to reduce the potential that that might  actually happen because of its devastating consequences to everyone on  the planet, literally.   While there is no doubt we would all prefer to live in a world with  no nuclear weapons, indulging in utopian dreams is not what our  constituents sent us here to do--wishful thinking. We can't reduce or  stifle our nuclear capabilities while allowing our adversaries to  increase their arsenals and their capability. We must operate in the  world we live in, not the one we wish for. America's adversaries  possess this low-yield nuclear weapon capability. At least from their  rhetoric and their doctrine, it seems like they are prepared to use it.   I fundamentally disagree with House Democrats' attempts to block the  Pentagon from deploying low-yield nuclear warheads on submarine- launched ballistic missiles, which was the recommendation of that  Nuclear Posture Review I mentioned earlier. They would place our  country at a strategic disadvantage and reinforce our adversaries'  belief that they can escalate to deescalate and make the world a far  more dangerous place.   I yield the floor.   