 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 4G technology is pretty amazing. When I  talk about 4G technology, that stands for fourth generation. On your  smartphone, it might say LTE, but it is the fourth generation of  technology that we have available to us on our wireless devices. We can  FaceTime with family members across the country, order dinner or  groceries without leaving our couches, watch a football game on the go  with our phones, adjust the heat in our houses before we actually get  home, carry around an entire library on a tablet the size of one small  book, deposit a check without actually visiting the bank, and the list  goes on.   As amazing as 4G technology is, it can't hold a candle to 5G, or  fifth generation technology. 5G mobile broadband technology will  deliver speeds that will be up to 100 times faster than what today's  technology can deliver. Think about that--downloads that will be 100  times faster than what we have today. It will be vastly more responsive  than 4G technology. It will be able to connect 100 times the number of  devices that can be connected with 4G. That is pretty hard to imagine,  really. Our phones and computers today seem pretty fast and responsive,  but 5G will be much, much faster.   While that will make it even easier to do the things we do today,  like check our email or stream our favorite shows, the biggest benefits  of 5G will lie in the other technologies it will enable. For example,  5G will have the potential to pave the way for the widespread adoption  of precision agriculture, which uses tools like robotics and remote  monitoring to help farmers manage their fields and boost their crop  yields. The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that precision  agriculture will reduce farmers' operational costs by up to $25 per  acre and increase farmers' yields by up to 70 percent by the year 2050.   5G will pave the way for automated vehicles, which will have the  potential to dramatically reduce traffic injuries and fatalities. There  are 37,000 people lost every year on America's highways due to traffic  accidents. Over 90 percent of those are as a result of human error-- driving while under the influence, driving while distracted. 5G  technology and the enablement of automated vehicles will go a long way  toward saving lives on America's highways.   It will facilitate surgical innovations and new ways to treat chronic  illnesses or heal injuries and so much more.   The technology for 5G is already here. Several cities around the  United States, including my hometown of Sioux Falls, have already  unveiled limited 5G networks, but there is more work to do before we  all can start to see the benefits of 5G on our phones.   The widespread deployment of 5G will require two things: adequate  spectrum and adequate infrastructure. While 4G relies on traditional  cell phone towers, 5G technology will also require small antennas  called small  [[Page S6831]]  cells that can often be attached to existing infrastructure like  utility poles or buildings.   Earlier this year, I introduced legislation called the STREAMLINE Act  to make it easier for companies to deploy these small cells so that we  can get the infrastructure in place for 5G technology. I have also  spent a lot of time focusing on securing adequate spectrum for 5G.   Last year, the President signed into law my bipartisan bill called  the MOBILE NOW Act. It was legislation that I introduced to help secure  adequate spectrum and to facilitate next-generation infrastructure.  Tomorrow, in my role as chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on  Communications, Technology, Innovation and the Internet, I will be  chairing a hearing looking at the progress that has been made in  implementing the MOBILE NOW Act. We have a great slate of witnesses  testifying tomorrow, including Sioux Falls Mayor Paul TenHaken, who has  driven the implementation of advanced mobile broadband technology in  Sioux Falls, SD.   The MOBILE NOW Act has helped us make progress toward the deployment  of 5G, particularly in identifying licensed spectrum that can be used  to support 5G deployment in more rural areas of the country.   MOBILE NOW also recognized the critical role that unlicensed spectrum  plays in the development of 5G and in the larger communications  landscape. Wi-fi operating on unlicensed spectrum will have an  increasing role as we continue to connect more devices in the 5G era.   There is more work to be done, though. While we have made good  progress on securing low- and high-band spectrum, China and South Korea  are ahead of us in opening up mid-band spectrum for 5G. We don't want  to lose out to China and South Korea on 5G, so we need to substantially  increase the amount of mid-band spectrum available to U.S. companies.   Senator Wicker and I recently introduced legislation to facilitate  the rapid acquisition of mid-band spectrum. Our 5G Spectrum Act would  bring a substantial amount of mid-band spectrum to market for U.S.  companies ready to deploy robust 5G networks.   In addition to fostering tremendous technological breakthroughs in  everything from agriculture to energy, 5G has the potential to add $500  billion to the economy and to create literally millions of new jobs.  But in order to achieve those economic benefits, we need to stay at the  head of the 5G revolution.   The United States lagged behind other countries in deploying 2G and  3G technology, which had real economic consequences. Europe, for  example, took the lead in 2G and cornered most of the market in sales  of networking equipment and telecom hardware.   As 4G emerged, however, the U.S. wireless industry stepped forward,  investing billions in 4G deployment. The government also took steps to  support the wireless industry, freeing up spectrum and making it easier  to deploy the necessary infrastructure. That is what we have to do  again today. If we want to stay at the head of the race to 5G, the  government needs to make sure that wireless companies have access to  the necessary spectrum and the ability to efficiently deploy small cell  infrastructure.   We are right on the edge of the 5G revolution, and I am confident  that the United States can lead the world in 5G, just like we did with  4G. We just need to take the last few steps to enable widespread 5G  deployment.   I look forward to talking with individuals on the frontlines of 5G  deployment at the hearing tomorrow. I will continue to work with my  colleagues to ensure that both the spectrum and the infrastructure are  in place for 5G technology.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr.  Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Arkansas (Ms. Murkowski),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alaska (Ms.  Murkowski) would have voted ``no.''    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wisconsin (Mr. Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski),  the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds), and the Senator from North  Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted ``yea.''   