 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  728, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2019.   With 4 million registered nurses nationwide, nurses are more than  just the largest healthcare workforce in the United States. They are  the backbone of the healthcare system.   As a proud husband of a nurse and as co-chair of the Congressional  Nursing Caucus, it is easy for me to understand why nursing is the most  trusted profession in America. I can personally attest to the amount of  dedication nurses put into caring for their patients each and every  day. The bottom line is that any challenge facing our Nation's nurses  hurts the health and well-being of the American people.   Unfortunately, despite the importance of nurses to the well-being of  patients, we are facing a nursing shortage that will leave far too many  patients without the care that they need. The demand for nurses varies  State by State, but it is estimated that the national need for nurses  will increase by 28 percent by 2030. On top of that, it is reported  that roughly 10,000 baby boomers turn 65 every day--10,000 every single  day.   To meet this increased demand, Congress must address the issues  impacting nursing recruitment, education, and retention. My bill  accomplishes exactly that by reauthorizing title VIII nursing workforce  development programs.   These programs are designed to address specific needs within the  nursing workforce in America's patient population. Importantly, they  also provide targeted support for the institutions that educate nurses  for practice in rural and medically underserved communities.   By passing this legislation, Congress can ensure that those  interested in pursuing a career in nursing have access to the high- quality education and training opportunities necessary to do so. By  passing this legislation, Congress can make a direct investment in our  Nation's health.   Before I close, I thank the American Association of Colleges of  Nursing, the American Nurses Association, and my fellow co-chairs of  the Congressional Nursing Caucus who have joined me in this effort:  Representative Tulsi Gabbard, Representative Rodney Davis, and  Representative Suzanne Bonamici.   I also thank Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member Walden, as well as  Subcommittee on Health Chair Eshoo and Ranking Member Burgess, for  recognizing the importance of this legislation and moving it through  the Committee on Energy and Commerce.   Madam Speaker, I am grateful for the overwhelming bipartisan support  this bill has received. On behalf of the Nation's nurses, I urge all of  my colleagues to support its passage.   