 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I have up to  5 minutes to make comments on the resolution.    Mr. President, a few weeks ago, I was talking with my  staff, in advance of the President issuing the emergency order, and I  told them I wanted to put together an op-ed to really express two  things; one, my concern with the manner in which funds were being  appropriated but also that there is a real crisis we have to address.  In fact, I am very sympathetic to what the President did, and the only  question is how he went about doing it.   I received a lot of feedback over the past few weeks, but what it  allowed me to do was to engage in a discussion with some of my  colleagues here and with the White House over the past couple of weeks  that have been very productive.   My main concern with this Executive action is future potential  abuses. I have a concern with the Executive action the President took,  the emergency order, and that is why I voiced it, but I am sympathetic  to what he was trying to do.   I think we can view this as an opportunity--I thought we could view  this as an opportunity where maybe we could have a discussion about the  National Emergencies Act and potentially make a real difference.   So today, I come to the floor to say that I do not intend to vote for  the resolution of disapproval, and here is why. A lot has changed over  the last 3 weeks--a discussion with the Vice President and a number of  senior administration officials, a lot of collaboration with my  colleague from Utah. There is serious discussion about changing the  National Emergencies Act in a way that will have Congress speak on  emergency actions in the future.   The White House has been very gracious and I should say very patient,  given my initial position, in working with us and as late as today  having the President make a statement that he is willing to work with  us. I suspect that we will hear more from the President.   We also heard today from Leader McConnell. I was trying to remember-- I don't know whether it has been done before--Leader McConnell took to  the floor this morning and said that he encourages this discussion  through the regular order and working on a bipartisan basis to move a  measure forward through the Homeland Security Committee and to this  floor for a vote. I, for one, am going to work on that and hopefully  get consensus on a bipartisan basis after the temperatures have cooled  and we can move on.   In the meantime, I think we have to recognize that we have a crisis  at the border, with 76,000 people crossing illegally in February alone.  We have narcotics flooding our country, poisoning our children and  adults of all ages. A lot of it has to do with the porous border and  the seemingly unending and spiraling-out-of-control crossings.   One of the challenges that I have to communicate to my constituents,  and I am sure everyone does, is how do I reconcile--first, I should say  that my colleagues on this side of the aisle who will vote for the  resolution of disapproval I think to a person also recognize that there  is a crisis. I respect them for their decision; it is just not a  decision that I can take.   Over the course of the next few months, I look forward to working  with the administration to talk about boundaries that we are very close  to getting agreement on and making changes to the National Emergencies  Act that will make sense.   The fact that this President is prepared to transfer power back to  the article I branch--by his statements, either publicly or through his  administration--is extraordinary. That we have a leader, with a  Republican down the street, willing to move this through the regular  order is extraordinary.   For those reasons, I will be voting against the resolution of  disapproval, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same.   Thank you.   