 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment is pretty simple.  Section 117 in division C of the base text of the bill prevents the  Department of the Interior from carrying out a NEPA review, a National  Environmental Policy Act review, for the planning of offshore energy  production.   Mr. Chair, we just heard a few amendments back, debate about the  importance of science, the importance of data. Let's be clear what this  provision does. This provision prevents the Federal Government from  opening up the plan for an environmental review, from subjecting it to  public feedback. It prevents data and information to make informed  decisions.   Mr. Chair, there is a process under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands  Act where you go do an offshore plan. It is a pretty clear process. If  folks have a problem with that, amend the law. Amend the law, don't use  the appropriations process to prevent the public from getting access to  information and access to data so the Federal Government can make an  informed decision.   This is flawed text of the amendment. Our amendment simply helps to  address it, to allow for an open, public process so we can make the  right, informed decision with the right science and the right data, as  my friends were recently speaking about.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Abraham).    Mr. Chair, let me run through a few points  here to see if I can clarify a number of the remarks.   The base text of the bill actually prevents the Department of the  Interior from carrying out the steps that are required.   Think about the concept of what was said, Mr. Chair. It was said that  they want the Department of the Interior to follow the law. Well, what  would they be doing otherwise?   The provision in the bill, section 117, prevents them from carrying  out pre-leasing activities. This text prevents them from being able to  follow the law.   I am baffled by this, and I am happy to have a much longer discussion  on how an offshore plan and leasing program is put together.   What the base text of the bill does is it tries to force the Obama- era plan from ever being changed. The base text prevents the process  that is in the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act from being allowed to  go forward.   Mr. Chair, what is really important to talk about here, when you go  back to look at what energy policies and different administrative  policies have done, do you know that back during the Obama  administration in 2011, one half of this Nation's trade deficit was  attributable to us bringing in energy from other sources, bringing them  in from foreign countries, empowering their economies, creating jobs in  their countries?   I am an American. I represent people here. I am trying to help make  sure that we have a healthy economy and that we have affordable energy.   Mr. Chair, folks are going to try and say, oh, this affects emissions  and climate change. Our gas, which is replacing the dirtier Russian  natural gas, is actually reducing global climate emissions, which is  part of our strategy that has resulted in the United States having  greater emissions reduction than any other country in the world.   It is really fun to go out and talk about all these things, but we  have to keep this based in facts and statistics. This amendment makes  sense. It simply does allow the Department of the Interior to follow  the law, making sure we maximize our resources.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to  the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 20  seconds to the gentleman from Arizona.    Mr. Chairman, let's break this apart a  little bit. So my friend from South Carolina has proposed this  amendment because he wants to protect the environment.   Well, let's look at what happens when you do this.  [[Page H4974]]    My friend sat in the House Committee on Natural Resources where we  had experts, not people standing here behind the microphone, but real  experts who came to the Congress, who testified before us, and who  said: We have looked at this issue when you stop producing energy  domestically. We have looked at it. And what happens when you stop  producing it domestically? You import it. You import it from foreign  countries.   All right. So, one, you are not stopping the production of energy.  You are just doing it in another country, and you are paying them and  creating jobs there.   Number two, when you do this, you still have to actually ship the  energy. It doesn't just pop up in the socket. You have to ship the  energy.   Look at the studies. Look at the reports. You have a greater chance  of threatening your global environment, threatening the coast of South  Carolina by transporting it by ship.   Look at the statistics. It is safer to do exploration and production  activities, to put it in a pipe in the United States.   Mr. Chairman, my friend was there and heard the witnesses talk about  this. It is important that we make sure that we are doing things that  don't just feel good, but things that will actually achieve the goal of  protecting our environment in the United States. This amendment is  flawed.   Now, look. The other thing, Mr. Chairman, I think is important is  what this prohibits is it prohibits us from actually doing a resource  assessment. Maybe there is an assessment and it is determined that it  doesn't make sense to produce energy there. Well, let's make an  informed decision.   Last thing, Mr. Chairman, is about ecological productivity. Off the  coast of Louisiana, where we reproduce somewhere between 80 and 90  percent of all of the offshore energy, the conventional energy in the  United States in Federal waters, we have the second most productive  fisheries in the Nation, only behind Alaska, another State that does  offshore energy production. We have multiple times more fisheries than  my friend's home State of South Carolina.   So the whole ecological productivity argument is just not supported  by the facts. If you support the environment, if you support ecological  productivity, if you support American jobs, you oppose this amendment.  If you support Russian gas, if you support Vladimir Putin, if you  support a dirtier environment, I urge you to vote in support of this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   