 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her  leadership in bringing this bill to the floor, and I want to thank all  of my House and Senate colleagues who have worked diligently on this  legislation.   Historically Black colleges and universities, Tribally controlled  colleges and universities, and other minority-serving institutions play  a significant role in expanding access to higher education for low- income students and students of color.   Collectively, they educate more than one-fourth of all  undergraduates--nearly 6 million students--including many first-time  college students and students from our Nation's most underserved  communities.   Historically Black colleges and universities specifically make up  less than 3 percent of colleges and universities, yet they produce  almost 20 percent of all Black graduates, half of all Black  professionals, and over a third of all Black STEM graduates.   Unfortunately, despite their outsized role in serving our Nation's  most underserved students, HBCUs and MSIs have historically been  underresourced compared to other institutions of higher education.   That is why, 3 months ago, the House unanimously passed the FUTURE  Act, a proposal to provide vital funding for HBCUs and other MSIs.  Regrettably, that funding had expired on September 30. This bill will  restore that funding.   In fact, after careful negotiation and compromise, this bill we are  voting on today does not just restore the guarantee of more than $250  million a year for HBCUs and MSIs; it permanently authorizes that  funding. It also facilitates stronger cooperation between the IRS and  the Department of Education to simplify the Free Application for  Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, to make it easier for students to access  student aid and repay their loans.   I want to note that, as mentioned, the FUTURE Act streamlines the  income-driven repayment process for millions of Direct Loan borrowers.   For the 12.4 million borrowers with a Federal Family Education Loan,  the loan from our old program that is winding down, this bill does not  disturb the Treasury's authority to continue operating the data  retrieval tool. This tool allows borrowers, including FFEL borrowers,  to retrieve their own tax information for the purposes of certifying  their income for an income-driven repayment plan.   Many FFEL borrowers are currently enrolled in income-driven repayment  plans and rely on this existing tool made available by the Internal  Revenue Service and the Department of Education. This legislation does  not eliminate the authority for the data retrieval tool, and, indeed,  we urge the Secretaries of Treasury and Education to maintain that tool  to ensure that all FFEL borrowers, especially those whose loans are  owned by the Department of Education, have streamlined access to  manageable monthly payments.   Before I close, I would like to give special thanks to Chairman Neal  of the Ways and Means Committee for his dedication and hard work in  negotiating to bring this bill to the floor. Thanks to his leadership,  we are voting on a bill today that will expand access to both  institutions of higher learning and student aid for generations to  come.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the FUTURE Act.   