 Mr. President, I have been a Member of this body for  several months now, and I would like to offer a few observations about  the experience.   I had been told that I might not like it here. Having previously been  a Governor, some friends thought I might find the pace a little too  slow and decision making too diffuse and cumbersome, but that has not  been the case.   My committee assignments are interesting and the work is important,  and while few bills actually become law, the fact that both political  parties must reach consensus for a bill to pass reinforces the ties  that bind our Republic.   Given the public passion of our politics these days, I had also  presumed that the atmosphere here would vary between prickly and  hostile, but the truth is that Senators on both sides of the aisle are  remarkably friendly and collegial once the cameras are off.   I have now met privately with 68 of my fellow Senators. Like them, I  came here in part because I believe my life experience could help us  confront our national challenges. I also believe that the values and  policies practiced in Utah can inform national debates. Our State has  the fastest job growth in the country. It balances its budget every  year. It has the country's most highly educated workforce.   It is a great privilege to represent the people of Utah in the  Senate. I am humbled by the history that has been made here, by the  character of the patriots whose sculptures adorn our halls, and, of  course, by the great sacrifice made to construct the Capitol of the  greatest Nation on Earth. To serve here is to be reminded daily of the  history and greatness of this blessed country.   The American character has been distinct from our very beginning.  Alexis de Tocqueville observed that Americans had fashioned a culture  different from any other he had encountered.   Just a few weeks ago, I attended the 150th anniversary of the  completion of the Transcontinental Railroad at Promontory Summit in  Utah. In his keynote address, historian Jon Meacham observed that, in a  number of ways, that endeavor revealed some of the distinct elements of  the national  [[Page S3175]]  character. President Abraham Lincoln signed the project's enabling  legislation on the eve of the Civil War. The country was divided as  never before or since, and the President was preoccupied with  preserving the Union. But despite the gathering storm, he had both the  foresight to see the impact of a transcontinental railroad and the  confidence to believe it actually could be constructed. We Americans  are drawn to visionary endeavors, and we rarely lack the confidence  needed to undertake them.   It is difficult from today's vantage point to appreciate the extent  of the project's engineering and construction challenges. Some have  even called it the greatest engineering triumph of the 19th century.  Tunnels were blasted through the Rocky Mountains and the Sierra Nevada,  at first only with black powder. There were no hotels or restaurants  along the way, no local sources of energy or power tools. On some days,  the progress through Granite Mountain was measured in inches.   The cost was prohibitive, particularly for a country preparing for a  war, so Congress made it a public-private partnership. Two companies-- one from the West, another from the East--were each granted tracks of  land commensurate with the amount of track they laid. Fierce  competition ensued, each company wanting to obtain the most land  possible.   There were many who opposed the idea of granting public land to  private companies that stood to make fortunes on the lands they  received. There were others who thought the project was the height of  folly--too expensive, too dangerous, and unnecessary. After all, it was  already possible to go from New York to California in just 6 weeks by  land and 2 by sea. But having studied and debated the matter, Lincoln  and Congress defied public criticism and did what they believed was in  the best interest of the country.   The construction crews numbered in the thousands. Fifteen thousand  Chinese immigrants worked for the Central Railroad that began in  Sacramento, and roughly 7,000 Irish immigrants labored for the Union  Pacific Railroad coming from the East. In time, veterans of the Civil  War joined the crews, as did several thousand Mormons from Utah.   The work conditions were brutal. Somewhere in the neighborhood of 500  to 1,000 men died. The achievement was also marred by failures of  character. The promoters were oblivious to the rights and needs of  Native Americans and to the plight of the immigrant workers. When the  railroad was completed, Chinese laborers were denied citizenship. There  can be a blindness in the human mind that is clouded by ambition.  Despite these unfavorable and unpardonable failings, the  Transcontinental Railroad was a grand achievement. It joined two great  oceans and overcame the challenge of a nation spread across vast  distances and foreboding lands.   Intrinsic in the American mind is the conviction that we can overcome  any challenge. In the years since then, we have achieved greater  marvels and overcome greater challenges. Seventy-five years ago, brave  Americans landed on the beaches in Normandy and began the process of  liberating a continent. Americans turned the tide of two world wars,  overcame a global depression, conquered deadly, debilitating disease,  and walked on the surface of the Moon.   We who have inherited this incomparably accomplished Nation might  wonder if we will face challenges as daunting and opportunities as  transformational as theirs. The decisions each generation of Americans  makes affect the course of history and profoundly impact our prosperity  and our freedom. We face such decisions today.   Eight years ago, I argued that Russia was our No. 1 geopolitical  adversary. Today, China is poised to assume that distinction. Russia  continues its malign effort, of course--violating treaties, invading  sovereign nations, pursuing nuclear superiority, interfering in  elections, spreading lies and hate, protecting the world's worse actors  from justice, and promoting authoritarianism--but Russia is on a  declining path. Its population is shrinking, and its industrial base is  lagging. John McCain famously opined that Russia is a gas station  parading as a country. As it falls further behind, we must expect  Russia's inevitable desperation to lead to further and more aberrant  conduct.   Unlike Russia, China is on a rising path. When it was admitted to the  World Trade Organization, the expectation was that China would embrace  the rules of the global order, including eventually respect for human  rights. It has done the opposite--imprisoning millions in reeducation  camps, brutally repressing dissent, censoring the media and internet,  seizing land and sea that don't belong to it, and flouting the global  rules of free and fair competition. Like Russia, China promotes  authoritarianism and protects brutal dictators like Kim Jong Un and  Nicolas Maduro.    Today, we mark the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre. That  day, cries for freedom were brutally crushed. Since then, China has  pursued a relentless course to smother the kinds of hopes and dreams  that filled that square 30 years ago.   It is possible that China might someday experience a discontinuity or  another uprising that will change its course. But barring that, because  China's population is almost four times our size, its economy should  eventually dwarf ours, and because economic advantage enables military  advantage, China's military could even pass by ours as well. It is  possible that freedom itself would be in jeopardy. If we fail to act  now, that possibility may become reality.   I believe we have two imperatives: First, strengthen ourselves and,  second, stop China's predation.   In the long run, for a country like ours, with a relatively small  population, to rival a country like China, with its much larger  population, we must join our economic and military might with that of  other free nations. Alliances are absolutely essential to America's  security, to our future. I can't state that more plainly. Our alliances  are invaluable to us and to the cause of freedom. We should strengthen  our alliances, not dismiss or begrudge them. We should enhance our  trade with allies, not disrupt them, and coordinate all the more  closely our security and our defense with them.   It is in the most vital interest of the United States to see a strong  NATO, a strong Europe, stronger ties with the free nations of Asia, the  Pacific, the subcontinent, and with every free country. We need to hold  our friends closer, not neglect them or drive them away. These  alliances are a key advantage we have over China. America has many  friends; China has very few.   We have another advantage: innovation. The country that leads in  innovation will lead in prosperity. China knows that as well as we do.  After all, China began its economic rise by stealing our technologies.  But today, China has become an impressive innovator all by itself. Last  year, China received almost as many global patents as did the United  States. It is far ahead of us in 5G. It is on track to surpass us in  artificial intelligence, and artificial intelligence is a general  purpose technology that will have systemic impact on the world.   It is critical that we protect our technology and propel the  innovation we need in the future. Well resourced and guided, our great  research universities, combined with the productivity inherent in free  enterprise, are capable of reasserting America's innovation leadership.   One dimension of American innovation is often underestimated,  however. America is a magnet for the world's best and brightest. They  want to come here, not China. Over half of the 25 most valuable high- tech companies in America were founded by immigrants or by their  children. It is very much in our national interest to keep attracting  the world's best minds to America.   We also need to tame our national debt and deficit if we are to  remain strong. The Federal Government took in about $3 trillion last  year and spent about $4 trillion. Adding a trillion dollars every year  to the debt means that in 10 years, we would be spending almost as much  on interest as we do on our military. America won't be strong enough to  defend its interests and leadership if it strains under the burden of  crippling financial debt.   In addition to strengthening America, we must also confront China's  aggression. China has focused its ambition most acutely on trade.  Flouting global rules and conventions, China has corrupted the free  market. China views companies in countries that play by  [[Page S3176]]  the rules as the proverbial fish in a barrel. Too often, we just ignore  China's aggression, genuflecting before the throne of free markets. But  you don't have a free market if the biggest player is allowed to cheat.   China's cheating takes many forms. For many years, it held down the  value of its currency to make its products artificially inexpensive,  intending to drive competitors from other countries out of business.  More recently, China has debased its currency to partially compensate  for tariffs imposed on its goods. Today, so-called industrial policy is  China's primary weapon of choice. China subsidizes a company by loaning  it funds at submarket rates, by forgiving loans, by providing free  research and development, or simply by allowing it to use intellectual  property stolen from other nations.   Subsidy is even easier to hide when the company is owned by the  government itself. There are 140,000 state-owned enterprises in China,  accounting for 40 percent of its industrial assets. Profitability,  return on capital, and repayment of debt are mostly irrelevant in such  state-owned enterprises. They can employ predatory pricing--entering a  foreign market by pricing a product well below its cost, driving  domestic competitors out of business. When an American company does  that, it is prosecuted under antitrust laws, but proving a Chinese  product is priced below cost is extremely difficult given the lack of  reliable cost data.   China's industrial policies are killing and debilitating businesses  throughout the world.   Look, I am a free market, free trade guy, but free markets require  rules to enforce honest competition. Slavishly accepting China's  cheating as a dynamic of a free market, competitive workplace makes no  sense at all. The President is right to use tariffs to crack down on  China's theft of intellectual property, but when it comes to China's  predatory industrial policy, the cheating will not end. We need to  counter it directly.   Classically, a country has several tools to counter a predatory  competitor. It can ban all or certain of its products. We did this with  the Soviets during the Cold War. It can employ counterbalancing  subsidies. It can require high levels of local content. And, of course,  it can align with other nations to establish strict rules of conduct,  which it then vigorously and swiftly enforces. All or some mix of these  is needed.    As we confront China's aggression, we must also endeavor to convince  it to turn back from the road of economic, military, and geopolitical  conflict upon which it has embarked. Joining the other nations of the  world in genuinely fair and free trade and in respect for the  sovereignty of its trading partners and neighbors is very much in  China's, America's, and the world's interest. China is not yet a  geopolitical foe, but its actions over the last several years have  brought it right up to that line.   What I have said today won't come as a surprise to leaders here in  Washington. The forms of China's aggression are widely understood by  members of the administration, Members of Congress, and foreign affairs  experts on both sides of the aisle. But, to date, our national response  has largely been ad hoc or short-term or piecemeal. It is past time for  us to conduct and construct a comprehensive strategy to meet the  challenge of an ambitious and increasingly hostile China.   I said at the outset of my remarks that there are two dimensions  needed in a strategy to preserve American leadership: First, strengthen  America, and second, confront China's predation. There is a third  dimension. We must alert the American people to the threat we face and  unite them to the greatest extent possible in our response. In the  past, an act of war or blustering threats by hostile actors have united  us. But don't expect to see the Chinese President pound his shoe on the  counter or shout that he is going to bury us, as Nikita Khrushchev did  long ago. No, China intends to overcome us just like the cook who kills  the frog in a pot of boiling water, smiling and cajoling as it slowly  turns up the military and economic heat.   The disappearance of traditional media and the emergence of social  media have made it more difficult to unite the country. Conspiring  voices online prey on the human tendency to diminish the dignity and  worth of people of different views, of different races, religions, or  colors. Contempt rather than empathy is a growing feature in our  politics and media. Each of us must make an effort to shut out the  voices of hate and fear, to ignore divisive and alarming conspiracies,  and to be more respectful, more empathetic of our fellow Americans. And  when it comes to cooling the rhetoric and encouraging unity, there is  no more powerful medium than the bully pulpit of the President of the  United States.   Bringing a nation of 330 million people together in a shared effort  is a greater challenge these days than bringing 2 coasts together with  a railroad. But now, as then, national unity demands that the voices of  leaders draw upon the better angels of our nature. They must call upon  the distinctive qualities of our national character evidenced time and  again in American history. We must reaffirm the principles of the  Declaration of Independence.   Jon Meacham said it well: The greatest words ever originally written  in English may be these: ``All Men are created equal.'' That founding  conviction propelled America to become the greatest Nation on Earth. No  people have done more to assuage poverty, to combat tyranny, or to  advance the God-given right of every woman and man to be free. That is  still our common cause, our enduring legacy, and our promise to  generations unborn. Only America can lead that endeavor, but only with  honor, with integrity, and with the combined strength of the friends of  freedom will we succeed.   America remains the best hope of Earth and the champion of freedom.  May God bless us with the courage and wisdom to keep that sacred trust.   I yield the floor.   (The remarks of Ms. Cantwell pertaining to the introduction of S.  1703 are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced  Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')   