 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding,  and I am particularly delighted to be here in support of this  legislation with the Speaker pro tempore on the rostrum, who  understands the value of scenic byways in our beautiful country.   I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan legislation,  Reviving America's Scenic Byways Act.   The National Scenic Byways Program was established by Congress in  1991 in order to recognize, preserve, and enhance designated roadways  throughout the United States. Since that time, 150 roads across the  country have received the scenic byway designation. However, no new  designations have been made since 2009.   Under this program, the Secretary of Transportation designates  certain roads as all-American roads or national scenic byways based on  one or more archaeological, cultural, historic, natural, recreational,  or scenic qualities that capture the unique characteristics of a  region.   The National Scenic Byways Program is a national asset that showcases  our Nation's natural grandeur, our history, and our culture, as well as  being a very significant economic driver of tourism. It has been  identified by Brand USA, the organization created by Congress to  promote travel to the United States, as a core element in promoting  international visitation to the United States and creating tourism- related jobs.   According to the National Scenic Byway Foundation, State departments  of transportation report approximately 60 State scenic byways, and  nearly 30 States are interested and prepared to seek designation as a  national scenic byway or an all-American road.   For example, in my own State, roadways such as Paradise Avenue on  Aquidneck Island in Newport and Route 102 are really excellent  candidates for designation and all the benefits that will follow.   This bill will allow those States to once again apply for scenic  byway designations and directs the Department of Transportation to  announce new designations within 1 year of requesting nominations.   I thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for  their work. I urge passage of this legislation, and conclude by, again,  thanking the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), who is the lead  Republican on this legislation, for his partnership, his passion about  this issue, his presence here today, and his words in support of the  legislation.   