 Mr. President, I guess I shouldn't be surprised. I have  seen 2\1/2\ years of a betrayal of American workers from this White  House, this government, this Senate, and the President of the United  States. The White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street  executives, except on the days it looks like a retreat for insurance  executives, except for the days it looks like a retreat for drug  company executives.   I guess I shouldn't be surprised, but a few weeks ago, when we saw  the nomination of Eugene Scalia to be Secretary of Labor, it just  underscored again the betrayal of American workers by this government  and by this President.   Eugene Scalia is the President's nominee to serve as Secretary of  Labor. His job as Secretary of Labor is to represent workers, to  advocate for workers, and to fight for workers--not to advocate for  corporations, not to sell out to special interests, but to side with  American workers. Yet all you have to do is look at his job. The  President has sent us a corporate lawyer who has fought over and over  to stop workplace protections, to undermine worker safety, and to cut  and depress workers' wages over and over again.   Mr. Scalia, as an elitist, multimillion-dollar corporate lawyer, has  repeatedly defended companies against whistleblowers. He defended  Walmart against its workers. And he is nominated to be Secretary of  Labor?   He defended a corporation against 30 women who had been sexually  harassed at assembly plants. And he is going to be the Secretary of  Labor?   He defended other corporations against workers with disabilities  after the companies violated the Americans with Disabilities Act. And  he is going to be Secretary of Labor?   Over and over, he fought to help the most powerful corporations  against workers, asking the courts to put their thumb on the scales of  justice, to choose corporations over workers, to choose Wall Street  over consumers, and to choose health insurance companies over patients.  He has always come down on the side of corporate interests, of special  interests, and in the end, always betrayed workers. And he is the  President's nominee to be Secretary of Labor?   He has defended union-busting corporations. Boeing has been rabid in  its anti-union coercion. Scalia worked for them, advocated for them in  their never-ending quest to stop workers from having a voice in their  company. And he is going to be the President's Secretary of Labor?   What Mr. Scalia doesn't understand and what President Trump doesn't  understand is that you can't say--let me back up for a second. The  President loves to say that he supports this, that he is for workers,  that workers are his friends, and that he is a friend to workers. He  loves saying that, but what he doesn't understand is that you can't  support workers individually without supporting workers collectively.  You can't support workers individually without supporting workers  collectively. You can't support workers if you attack unions.   We know what unions have brought to this country. Ever since the  generally rapid decline of trade unionism, we have seen wages flatten,  we have seen benefits cut, and we have seen retirements taken away from  workers. You know, when people can organize and bargain collectively,  they have higher wages, they have better healthcare, and they have a  retirement system.   You can't support workers if you attack unions like Mr. Scalia has  done. We need a Secretary of Labor who will actually fight for labor.  It is not called the secretary of corporate interests or the secretary  of special interests; it is called the Secretary of Labor. You are  supposed to honor work and respect work. We need a Secretary of Labor  who will fight for labor, not fight for corporate interests.   It comes down to whose side you are on. Are you on the corporations'  side, or are you on American workers' side? Do you fight for Wall  Street wealth, or do you fight for the dignity of work?  [[Page S5725]]  The President promised to fight for American workers. If you love your  country, you fight for workers. Instead, this President has betrayed  them over and over again. The nomination of Eugene Scalia to be  Secretary of Labor is the biggest betrayal of them all.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this fall we celebrate the 25th anniversary  of AmeriCorps. Since President Kennedy challenged Americans to serve  our Nation abroad in the Peace Corps in his famous University of  Michigan speech, generations of Americans have recognized that our  greatest strength as a nation is our compassion. But it wasn't until  AmeriCorps was founded about 30 years later, 1994, that we truly  addressed the need for service here at home.   When I think about the work AmeriCorps members do, I think about the  words of a speaker at a Martin Luther King breakfast in my home city of  Cleveland on a cold January morning, and the speaker said: Your life  expectancy is connected to your ZIP Code.   Think about that. Your life expectancy is connected to your ZIP Code.  Whether you grow up in Appalachia or Ohio, Indiana, whether you grow up  in a city, an inner-ring city suburb, a small city like I did in  Mansfield, or a small town, your ZIP Code often determines whether you  have access to quality healthcare or good education and the social  support necessary to succeed. Whether it is through City Year or Senior  Corps or VISTA--all parts of AmeriCorps--America works to fight that  and ensure that so many Americans, regardless of their ZIP Code, have  the opportunity not only to succeed but to thrive.   I have seen firsthand what a difference AmeriCorps makes in people's  lives. My two daughters had amazing, life-changing experiences,  teaching for a year through City Year. We all benefit when we invest in  organizations that serve communities that are too often left behind and  when these organizations are staffed by young Americans who care about  those they serve.   In Ohio, we have a City Year in Cleveland and Columbus. I have met  many of these City Year volunteers and see the work they do.   AmeriCorps in my State played a major difference in the Summer  Feeding Program. Literally tens and tens of thousands of children are  able to eat well in the summer because of the work that AmeriCorps  does.   Since 1994, more than a million Americans have served in communities  across the country, serving tens of millions of Americans. All of their  work will have a lasting impact on children and families, and I can't  wait to see what these good AmeriCorps members will do over the next  quarter century.    Mr. President, I rise today not very happily, if I can  say, as my employee and my friend Jenny Donahue is leaving our office  to take a really big job in the U.S. House of Representatives,  especially at a challenging, difficult time, and she will serve there,  I assume, every bit as well as she served in the U.S. Senate.   Jenny is a middle-class kid who grew up in small town Idaho. I have  not hired a lot of people in my office from Idaho, but if the next  person from Idaho is this good, that will be a great thing. She  graduated from the University of Montana. Moving east, she went on to  become a leader in the U.S. Senate. She is a leader among  communications directors. She is a leader in my office, and she is a  leader in this entire body. She has left an indelible mark.   Part of being a good leader is being a good mentor. She nurtures  young talent. She brings out the best in the people she works with.   My wife, Connie Schultz, who is one of Jenny's greatest admirers--and  there are many great admirers of Jenny--loves to say that she is one of  the most fierce advocates for young women she has ever met in her life.  She also says, oftentimes, that Jenny carries as she climbs. As she  moves up in life and moves up into a new position, you can bet that so  many people are going to benefit from her leadership and her  mentorship.   She has earned my wife's respect. That speaks such volumes about our  friend Jenny. She has earned the respect of many Ohio reporters. She  understands how important their work is to Ohio communities and to our  democracy.   She respects journalism, understanding that journalism is about  comforting the afflicted and afflicting the comfortable. She knows that  without journalism--good journalism--you can't have good democracy.   She has been with me through some of the biggest moments over the  past 4 years as a friend, as an adviser, and challenging me sometimes  and telling me when I am wrong oftentimes but always being there in the  right ways.   She has been part of the dignity of work rollout. She was part of our  trip to the border to bear witness to the humanitarian crisis in part  caused by the President of the United States. She was part of the  historic 2016 Democratic National Convention.   She helped put my vision of dignity of work on the road earlier this  year, including a trip to Selma, AL. Jenny has such courage of her  convictions. She is not afraid to tell me when I am wrong. She is not  afraid to challenge others, always coming from a place of integrity and  honesty--always.   She never does anything halfway. When she says she will do something,  when she sets her mind to doing something, she does it, and she does it  fully. She does it well. She does it better than pretty much anyone  else could.   The day after the 2016 election, my staff was pretty stunned that a  human being like Donald Trump would be in the White House; that someone  with his lack of character, with his inability to tell the truth, with  his treatment of women, would be President of the United States. We  were all pretty stunned.    I gathered the staff in my office and told them our jobs would become  that much more important. Jenny took on this charge. Jenny, who was  already good before the 2016 election, took on this charge of how our  work mattered, how I was one of the only selected officials in Ohio who  would challenge the President's dishonesty, who would challenge the  President's illegal behavior, and who would challenge the President's  mean-spiritedness at the border, on the overtime rule, cutting food  stamps--all the things this billionaire has done. Jenny knew how  important that was. She took on this charge with a sense of  responsibility and a purpose that made me proud, just like I know her  parents and her grandparents are.   As she moves on to her next job in the House of Representatives, a  leader in the House, as she has been in the Senate, she moves on to  continue fighting for justice and the dignity of work in her new role.   Jenny, Godspeed.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   