 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, as the first amendment, I don't want to  belabor many of the points that have been brought up in the general  debate by my friend from Illinois and my very good friend from the Bay  Area. I do want to say, as someone who has been in elected office in  the San Francisco Bay Area for a long time, where so many of the  innovations around social platforms and communications have taken  place--much of it in Ms. Lofgren's district--how proud I have been of  them. But how now--appropriately I think--skeptical I am of their  ability to unilaterally, or merely by themselves, enforce the proper  protections for American democracy. That is why I think this bill and  this discussion are so very important.   We know from the Mueller report that 126 million Americans were  contacted, either directly or indirectly, just on Facebook by the  Russians. We also know the outcome of the Presidential election was  based on less than 80,000 votes in three key States in the electoral  college. We know that Mr. Mueller said that this was a systematic  attempt by the Russians. And we know also that the President's  appointed FBI director has said recently, ``Russia attempted to  interfere with the last election and continues to engage in malign  influence operations to this day. This is a threat we need to take  extremely seriously and to tackle and respond to with fierce  determination and focus.''   Mr. Chairman, we also have talked a lot, in the last few years, about  the role of the Federal Government, State governments, and local  communities, and I agree with how diffused our historic relationships  are. But here is an instance in my amendment. It is a simple one. It is  to give the States and local jurisdictions the information they need to  be aware of some of these influences that are afforded by this bill.   My amendment is very simple. It requires that when the FEC is made  aware of credible targeted disinformation campaigns, that affected  States must be notified within 30 days. I think that is a fairly simple  amendment. I would hope, in the spirit of bipartisanship, my colleagues  would agree with that.   Thomas Jefferson famously said that, ``We in America do not have  government by the majority. We have government by the majority who  participate.''   We know that disinformation hurts participation when done  effectively, as it was just a short time ago in the recent Presidential  election. And we also know that effective oversight and this  government's engagement of both parties at the Federal level, the State  level, and the local level, when we are open, honest, and afford  transparency to American voters, they will participate at a higher rate  and also at a more knowledgeable rate.   It is our responsibility to recognize that disinformation is a threat  to the participation that is vital to our continued success as a  democracy, and it is our responsibility to act.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this simple amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my friend from Illinois'  baseball metaphor earlier, and I would say that for this metaphor, I  disagree. I think his call is wrong.   I think this amendment is a simple strike. As he knows, the bill  requires other agencies to give the information to the FEC. They are  merely a collector, in many instances, of the information, so they are  the appropriate body to disseminate that information.   That is what my amendment does. I don't disagree or think that it is  appropriate to debate the gentleman's other aspects, which may be true  or not, based on his perspective. The amendment is basically consistent  with the bill that the information goes here, and it should be  disseminated to the States.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   