 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairman Cicilline for  those kind words.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, the Family  Farmer Relief Act.  [[Page H7439]]    I rise to urge bipartisan support for a bipartisan priority, relief  for family farmers. Passing H.R. 2336 will make our Nation's bankruptcy  laws for farmers reflective of today's economy and better represent the  experiences of our Nation's farmers.   I am proud to represent New York's 19th Congressional District, which  stretches nearly 8,000 square miles, is made up of 11 counties, and  includes the beautiful Hudson Valley and Catskill Mountains.   New York 19 is the eighth most rural district in the country, and the  third most rural represented by a Democrat. It is also home to nearly  5,000 farms and over 8,000 farm operators.   The last USDA Ag Census found that 96 percent of the farms in my  district are family owned. These family-owned farms, both in New York  19, and across the country, are facing alarming rates of foreclosure  during this down farm economy.   This is the fifth year on record of declining net farm income. Prices  are low, inputs are high, and current trade policies make the future  for farms unknown. 2018 marked the fourth consecutive year of rising  bankruptcy rates as a proportion of the farm population.   This farm economy is exacerbated by an outdated bankruptcy filing cap  that leaves farmers without options to restructure or repay their debt.  Chapter 12 was created specifically to provide repayment flexibility  and reorganizational advantages for family farms during poor economic  times.   Unfortunately, this outdated debt cap has rendered chapter 12 an  inaccessible tool for thousands of farm families.   Mr. Speaker, the numbers tell the story here. According to the  National Farm Bureau, last year just 498 farms filed for chapter 12  bankruptcy. By comparison, 766,000 consumers filed under chapters 7 and  13.   Over the last 10 years, chapter 7 and chapter 13 have seen 10 million  total filings, compared to just 5,000 Chapter 12 filings.   Mr. Speaker, we must do more.   The Family Farmer Relief Act solution is simple. My one-sentence bill  would adjust the debt cap to align with today's land values and the  cost of doing business for today's farmers. Our legislation modifies  chapter 12 bankruptcy rules to raise the debt cap for eligibility to  $10 million.   This adjustment will provide farmers additional options to manage the  current farm economy and allows farmers to retain assets and remain  operational. Allowing farmers increased flexibility is critical to the  health and wellness of our family farmers and the Upstate economy at  large.   I thank House leadership for bringing this important bill to the  floor, and also Subcommittee Chairman Cicilline for his support and  leadership on the Judiciary Committee.   In addition, I want to thank Senator Grassley for his ongoing  leadership on this issue in the Senate.   And lastly, I want to thank my bipartisan House colead, Judiciary  Subcommittee Ranking Member Jim Sensenbrenner, House Agriculture  Committee Chairman Collin Peterson, and Representatives TJ Cox, Kelly  Armstrong, and Dusty Johnson.   I look forward to seeing this bill move forward so we can give our  farmers and growers the support and flexibility they need in these hard  times.   