 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I have a bipartisan amendment with the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez).   Today's amendment adds $3 million to the National Institute of  Allergy and Infectious Diseases, with the intent to support the  Consortium of Food Allergy Research.   This consortium drives vital research necessary to fight innumerable  conditions and diseases suffered by millions of Americans. It is  foundational to so many of our medical breakthroughs and to our  competitive advantage.   Key to one of their missions is food allergies. Food allergies affect  32 million Americans and almost 6 million children. That is nearly 10  percent of the country battling, at some point, with food allergies.   Food allergies do not just consist of sensitivity to certain kinds of  food. That is a myth. Many times, they can be life-threatening.   In fact, 40 percent of children with food allergies have experienced  a severe reaction, such as anaphylaxis. Each year, more than 200,000  Americans require emergency medical care. A glance through Facebook  pages or support pages will detail many sad and scary stories.   This is equivalent to one trip to the emergency room every 3 minutes,  and the problem continues to grow.   The prevalence of food allergies has increased by 80 percent in the  last two decades, with peanut and tree nut allergies appearing to have  more than tripled since the 1990s. We really don't know yet why that is  happening.   In 2005, NIH established CoFAR within NIAID to focus on these  efforts. In just 14 years, CoFAR has made terrific advances. It  discovered genes associated with an increased risk for peanut allergy  and identified promising cures for peanut allergy and egg allergy  through immunotherapy.   I salute CoFAR's extraordinary staff.   CoFAR's 4-year egg treatment study actually allowed participants to  safely reintroduce egg, one of the most common and dangerous allergens  for children, into their diet after years of abstention.   CoFAR has achieved all of this on a budget of just $6.1 million.  Increasing it $3 million is well worth the investment.   Just think of all the families who could be made better by this.  Their fear of sending their children to school or to a neighbor's house  or to daycare without knowing the consequences could be alleviated.   We are a long way away still, but I believe we can prevent life- threatening food allergies someday. This amendment brings us closer to  that day.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lee).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I would like to recognize the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez) for his leadership, his willingness in his very  first term to work across the aisle on this, and his passion for this  issue.   I appreciate the leadership of Representative DeLauro, as well, and  the staff.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   