 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.  [[Page H5534]]    I have had the pleasure of serving with Ms. Stefanik on the House  Intelligence Committee, and I couldn't agree more with the points she  has made.   As a veteran and as a member of the House Armed Services Committee  for the previous three terms and a member of the House Intelligence  Committee, I am familiar with the U.S. military as well as with the  intelligence community.   This amendment, if adopted, would require the Director of National  Intelligence, not the Secretary of Defense, to submit a report to  Congress regarding strikes taken against terrorists outside of areas of  active hostilities, as well as an assessment of combatant and  noncombatant deaths.   This amendment is problematic for several reasons. First, there  already exists transparent oversight mechanisms with respect to  civilian casualties, and that report is fully available to the public.   Requiring the DNI to conduct a review already completed by the  Secretary of Defense is not only wasteful but demonstrates a gross  disregard for the DNI's time that should be spent overseeing the  intelligence community's efforts against U.S. adversaries.   Further, this amendment circumvents the normal legislative process  and completely bypassed the House Intelligence Committee.   Tasking the office of the Director of National Intelligence, an  organization over which House Intelligence has oversight  responsibilities, requires consultation with the House Intelligence  Committee. However, we were not given the opportunity to weigh in on  this amendment until now.   At the eleventh hour, various cosponsors of this amendment performed  a sly bait-and-switch, changing what was voted on by the Armed Services  Committee and inserting an organization solely within the House  Intelligence's jurisdiction. To say am I disappointed with that is an  understatement.   This amendment is irresponsible and reflects a disregard for the  House Intelligence Committee's equities in this debate.   It failed to navigate the proper jurisdiction process and takes time  and resources away from critical national security missions.   So, I understand the desire of this type of well-meaning legislation;  however, committees of jurisdiction exist for a reason, and I am  surprised that various members of the House Intelligence Committee  would flagrantly disregard the implications of ceding our jurisdiction  on this matter.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment.   