 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   H.R. 3 is not perfect. No bill is. But I will support it today  because it is our best chance to get moving on the very pressing issue  of high prescription drug prices. I hope the Senate will work with us  in a good-faith manner to come up with a final bill that both lowers  prices and preserves incentives for innovation.   The concerns and some outstanding questions about the effect of this  bill on innovation in the private sector are legitimate. My colleagues  have referenced the CBO studies. Also, the California Life Sciences  Association released a report in October that predicted that H.R. 3  would make drug development particularly challenging for small and  emerging companies in California.   The amendment I offer today will go a long way toward preserving and  supporting biopharmaceutical innovation, and that is not an  abstraction. It can be measured in jobs, breakthrough cures, and even  state-of-the-art research facilities.   Innovation, research, and development are the economic lifeblood of  California and, particularly, San Diego. Over the past decade,  California firms have received more than 30 percent of total biotech  investment in the country, and in San Diego County there are over  48,000 jobs in the life sciences sector supported by $1.5 billion in  venture capital.   In San Diego alone, we have five institutions that rank among the top  recipients of National Institutes of Health funding in the country, and  they are doing amazing things.   One La Jolla-based research and development facility in my district  recently launched a one-time gene replacement therapy that essentially  halts the progression of a rare and deadly genetic childhood disorder:  spinal muscular atrophy. This company is also currently investing in  research to cure a genetic form of ALS.   If we aren't careful, we might put those kinds of breakthrough  therapies at risk of never treating a single patient.   From the NIH and academic research institutions to philanthropy and  biopharmaceutical industry, there is a network of capital today in the  public and private sectors that supports innovation.   At the risk of oversimplifying, the NIH focuses on basic biomedical  science, investigating the underlying mechanisms of disease, while  smaller biotech companies supported by institutional investors take the  basic science to the preclinical and early-phase stages of drug  development.   Drug companies conduct later-stage research, fund clinical trials,  and invest in startups. These financial backers, like drug companies  and venture capitalists, are important because they can help close the  funding gap that exists between preclinical research and the early-and  later-stage clinical trials.   If H.R. 3 changes investor behavior as some predict, that could widen  the gap for smaller biotech companies, the so-called ``valley of  death.'' I think we can all agree that these are consequences we want  to avoid.   Securing funding for the high cost of clinical trials is often cited  as the key hurdle facing smaller biotech companies at the precipice of  the so-called valley of death.   While the biopharmaceutical industry and the Federal Government both  fund clinical trials, NIH's ability to bring drugs to market is  constrained by its limited budget and a mandate to carry out its core  mission of advancing biomedical research, which is not necessarily the  same as bringing drugs to market.   Over time, these limitations have resulted in the declining number of  NIH-  [[Page H10205]]  sponsored clinical trials. The biopharma industry is really good at  bringing drugs to market because it can afford expensive failures. The  Federal Government is really good at research and development because  it can ignore constraining signals of the commercial market.   We do patients no favors by pitting biopharma against government. And  I want to thank Chairman Pallone and his staff on the Energy and  Commerce Committee for working with me to include two priorities of  mine in his bill.   I establish a pilot program that will award multiyear contracts to  public and private entities like research institutions, medical  centers, and biotech companies to support phase 2 and phase 3 clinical  trials. That pilot program will receive $500 million every year for 5  years.   The bill also includes this amendment No. 3 before you today, which  is based on my bill, the Innovation and Capital Network Act of 2019.   My amendment creates an innovation startup fund at NIH that will  support the commercialization stage of research, later-stage research  and development, as well as technology, transfer, and technical  assistance. Specifically, it directs $500 million over 5 years to  incentivize incubators, accelerators, and other financial backers to  support biotech companies through early- to mid-stage clinical studies.   These two things are mutually reinforcing. NIH is free to do more  drug development, and more small to midsize biotech companies can  freely follow the science. In other words, these small biotechs can  pursue unforeseen opportunities that could lead to a cure for cancer.   Whether you vote for H.R. 3 or not, we must continue to support and  strengthen the network of capital that sustains innovation.   Mr. Chair, I hope my colleagues will support this amendment and the  freedom to follow science, and I yield back the balance of my time.   