 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  of the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to pay  tribute to a revered and distinguished member of the press corps,  Robert Pear, a longtime reporter for the New York Times. He spent four  decades in the corridors of this U.S. Capitol.   I often say that journalists are the watchdogs of democracy, and I  really believe that--policing their beats to inform the public and,  more importantly, to hold wrongdoers and especially our big government  accountable. That makes them very valuable to preserving our  representative system of government. These journalists serve as the  eyes and ears of the American people--reporting on issues that impact  the daily lives and livelihoods of our neighbors. From crime to  education, healthcare, and foreign policy, journalists serve as  guardians of the First Amendment.   That brings me to Robert.   On Tuesday, the healthcare beat lost a legendary reporter. The death  of Robert Pear will be mourned for many years to come. As the dean of  the national healthcare reporters, he established a reputation for  hard-nosed reporting. For decades, he carried out a noble mission to  inform the public, and he did it with integrity and fairness. He leaves  behind a legacy of unmatched institutional knowledge, particularly in  the area of healthcare policy.  [[Page S2759]]    As a policymaker and history buff myself, I read as much news as I  can possibly get my hands on. On weekends, I catch up on my reading  when traveling to and from Iowa. For every year I have served in the  U.S. Senate, Mr. Pear's byline has appeared in the New York Times. I am  told that it appeared more than 6,700 times. It is a byline that I made  sure not to miss.   His work put meat on the bones of public policy. Even those of us who  study legislation closely could learn a lot and did learn a lot from  his writings. Substantive and crisp, his exceptional reporting  delivered a thorough analysis of complex issues and then without a  doubt influenced the policy conversation on healthcare.   His prolific pen sharpened the minds of readers, including staff and  lawmakers who wrote legislation here on Capitol Hill. It even informed  lobbyists who worked to penetrate and influence the debate. His work  carried weight with those who implemented healthcare policy from the  executive branch, including the White House, the Department of Health  and Human Services, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the  National Institutes of Health, and the Food and Drug Administration.   Now that he has passed away, his absence on the healthcare beat here  on Capitol Hill will be missed profoundly. His understanding of the  mechanics of health policy were without equal. He was able to wade  through the weeds of our archaic Federal spending formulas for Medicare  and Medicaid and decipher their impact on the delivery of care in my  rural communities but also urban America. Mr. Pear deftly communicated  how proposed changes would affect patient care, from the point of  service to the pharmaceutical counter and the pocketbooks of consumers.  Policymakers, providers, patients, and the taxpayers have been well- served by this giant of journalism.   Unlike many of his peers, Mr. Pear shunned the spotlight by just  doing the old-fashioned shoe-leather reporting. Unassuming and  understated, Mr. Pear let his published work speak for itself.   I am sure you are going to hear from Ranking Member Wyden shortly,  and he knows Mr. Pear very well and would agree with some of these  things I say.   Before holding a press conference to unveil a bill dealing with  healthcare, any Senator, including this one, had to be sure to have all  their ducks in a row. No lawmaker wanted to be a sitting duck with  Robert Pear in the front row of the press gaggle.   I will miss his bylines, particularly the extent to which they helped  to educate me, helped me to understand policy that other Members of  Congress were promoting and maybe even learning from his criticism on  some stands that I took.   Today, I extend my condolences to his family, friends, and peers. I  salute his lifelong contribution through exemplary service on behalf of  the American people--most importantly, policing the process of  representative government and making sure that government and those of  us who serve in government are accountable.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I come to speak on another matter, but  I want to thank Senator Wyden for the kind words he had to say, as  well, about a very distinguished journalist.   