 Mr. President, I want to be very clear about the matter  that is before the U.S. Senate today. We are not here to debate  abortion. That is not what this bill is about that Senator Sasse has  introduced. We are here to decide whether it should be legal in the  United States of America to kill or neglect an infant who has been born  alive after a botched abortion.   This was made very real for me just minutes ago. In fact, Melissa  Odom is standing just off the floor of the U.S. Senate, just outside  here probably 50 feet from where I am standing. She survived a botched  saline-infused abortion in 1977. She was left to die, literally put in  the medical waste heap, but thanks to the grace of God and a nurse who  saw Melissa, they were able to revive her, and she is a beautiful 41- year-old mom with two children, one being Olivia who was born in the  same hospital where the botched abortion took place. She is from Kansas  City, married to Ryan.   We are here to vote on the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection  Act. By now, we have all heard the disturbing defense of infanticide  offered by the disgraced Governor Northam of Virginia. These babies'  only crime was to survive the abortionists' attempts to poison, starve,  or tear them apart limb from limb while in utero.   What this bill is about is when the abortionist wants to ``finish the  job'' as the baby lies helpless on the table of an abortion clinic.  Currently, children born alive who survive an abortion attempt are  recognized as persons under the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of  2002, but that law is merely definitional because not one person to  date has been charged or convicted under it. There is no nationwide  Federal law criminalizing the actions of killers, like Dr. Kermit  Gosnell, who kill or deny care to babies who survive abortions. Current  Federal murder statutes have limited jurisdiction, and the States have  a patchwork of different laws for born-alive infants.   The bill we are voting on today would give Federal enforcement teeth  nationwide to the 2002 Born-Alive law, so that whether an infant is  born alive in Montana or in Massachusetts, whether in a hospital or an  abortion clinic, they would be guaranteed the same protection and level  of care. Is that asking too much?   By contrast, consider that Federal law provides criminal penalties of  thousands of dollars in fines and even imprisonment if you ``harass,  harm, pursue, hunt, shoot, wound, kill, trap, capture, or collect'' any  baby marine turtle, baby bald eagle, or any other baby of an endangered  species.   It is absolutely absurd that we are having to decide whether we give  human babies the level of protection under Federal law that we give to  animals. This is truly an absurd moment on the floor of the U.S.  Senate. Have we become so numb as a nation that we cannot realize we  are talking about a baby?   Cindy and I became grandparents for the first time on January 23,  little Emma Rae Daines, born in Denver. She is now a living, breathing  member of the human family. That is what we are talking about here, a  living, breathing member of the human family. Is it the position of the  Democratic Party that a border wall is immoral but not infanticide?   The phenomenon of infants surviving attempted abortions is very real.  These infants are not just statistics. Their lives matter, and their  stories deserve to be told, just like the story of Melissa Odom. That  is why I am proud of  [[Page S1420]]  and grateful to my Senate colleague Ben Sasse, who has introduced the  Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.   Infanticide is not and should not be a partisan issue. It is an issue  in which there should be no middle ground or compromise. A ``yes'' vote  today is to uphold the bare minimum of any civilized society. A ``no''  vote is to deny protection from barbaric violence to the most  vulnerable among us, an innocent, little baby.   You can either stand with Governor Northam for infanticide or you can  protect the most vulnerable among us.   I yield back my time.   