 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition,  although I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, once again, we are on the floor  talking about the importance of the export agency to small business. It  is important to small business, which is why, in the Waters-McHenry  bipartisan compromise, we had a strong, well-argued, well-focused,  well-delivered policy for small business that, unfortunately, Mr.  Chairman, is now not in the bill before us today.   I want to compliment Mr. McHenry and Ms. Waters for their work  together. I wish the Speaker had come to their aid in June to whip the  vote for their well-argued compromise. Although, I want to associate  myself, as well, with the Speaker's strong comments about China and the  30 years that America has tried since Tiananmen Square to change  China's mercantilistic trade policy and be part of the world economy,  and it hasn't  [[Page H8892]]  worked. The Speaker outlined it beautifully today. She talked about her  30-year commitment there.   Again, if we want to stop retaliatory tariffs and worrying about  retaliatory tariffs, we should use every tool in our armory here to  push back against China, to change China's mercantilistic policy. We  have done that with CFIUS reform in this House on a bipartisan basis.  We have done that with the Asia Reassurance Act in this House on a  bipartisan basis. We could have used the Export Finance Agency on a  bipartisan basis in a very conscious manner to make sure that the Ex-Im  agency credits don't benefit China and their ability to extend their  One Belt, One Road work around the world.   I appreciate my friend from Michigan's amendment. I appreciate her  support of small business. I appreciate her support of trying to  measure the impact of retaliatory tariffs on small business and  agriculture, for that matter.   But we would be much more effective, Mr. Chairman, if we had adopted  the underlying bill with its better position to support small business  and its better position to strike back against the mercantilistic trade  policies of China.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, again, I don't oppose this  amendment. I urge its adoption. But I, again, remind this House that we  had a better policy in the bipartisan Waters-McHenry bill that would do  more for small business and that Republicans support a reauthorization  of the Export-Import Bank, the export agency. We want that opportunity.   This bill, as designed, is not going to be voted on in the Senate and  not going to become law. I look forward to the day when we are back on  the House floor doing a bipartisan reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition,  although I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, first, let me say, as we talked  about this morning, the Republicans supported unanimously the Waters- McHenry bipartisan deal to reauthorize the Bank with a long,  constructive reauthorization.   Let me also thank the gentlewoman from Oklahoma for offering the  amendment to think about the idea of what would be the downside to her  constituents and to American business were the Bank to close. I would  argue that is not a prospect here but will be useful information to  future policymakers.   Why do I have that point of view? Well, there is a plan to extend  this Bank. It will not lapse.   If we had done the Waters-McHenry bill, we wouldn't even be on the  House floor today. We would already have this signed into law, through  the Senate, and on its way to the President's desk. But we are here  today because this bill is not going to be taken up in the Senate, and  this Bank is, most  [[Page H8893]]  likely, in the interim, going to be reauthorized through the  appropriations process. But I think informing policymakers of the risks  of it being closed is good.   Let me also say that President Trump considers the export agency an  important tool in his economic outfit, his economic choice of  opportunities to support American business, to increase trade in  exports, to counter the One Belt, One Road initiative of China. Again,  the Waters-McHenry bill would have done a better job on that.   The President has appointed Directors of the Ex-Im Bank that are  fully functioning. The new President, Kim Reed, is doing a good job in  running the Ex-Im Bank. So the Ex-Im Bank is in good shape with a good  board and with a good mission and would have been made stronger and  better by the Waters-McHenry bill.   I think this information that the gentlewoman from Oklahoma suggests  will be useful to future policymakers, and I certainly don't have a  problem with the amendment going forward.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, Republicans support the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   