 Madam President, this Saturday is June 22. It is not just  any June 22. It marks 75 years to the day that Franklin Delano  Roosevelt signed into law one of the most significant pieces of  legislation in our Nation's history. It was called, and is called, the  Servicemen's Readjustment Act of 1944. We know it today as the GI bill.   Since 1944, the GI bill has helped literally millions of not just  servicemen but a lot of servicewomen. When you look at our Armed Forces  today, there are a lot of servicewomen who serve in the Army, Navy, Air  Force, Marine Corps, and in the Coast Guard. I remember being a  midshipman at the Ohio State Navy ROTC in the 1960s, and we had no  women in our unit. There were no women in any ROTC unit in colleges  across the country, as far as I know. There were no women who were  nominated to attend armed service academies--the Naval Academy, Air  Force Academy, Merchant Marine Academy. None of them had women. I got  to my squadron on the west coast during the Vietnam war, and we had  about 300 men in my squadron. About 10 percent were officers. The  others were enlisted men. We had no women in my squadron.   All that has changed. When you go to any college that has a ROTC unit  today, they are allowing women in. In the academies, you find women. In  my old squadron, we find women. They are not just E-1s, E-2s, and E-3s;  they are O-4s, O-5s, O-6s, and they are doing a great job. The GI bill  is for them too.   Since 1944, the GI bill has helped millions of World War II veterans  purchase a home, pay for a higher education or obtain job training and,  in turn, transformed our Nation's economy.   Our Presiding Officer, who has served our country in uniform, knows  of what I speak. I was just off of Active Duty at the end of the  Vietnam war and in Delaware when I finished up my MBA, which is  financed in part by the GI bill. I had scraped enough money together to  buy a house. I think it cost about $35,000. I didn't have $35,000, but  with the help of the GI bill, I was able to get a mortgage and buy my  first home, all those years ago.   In the years since World War II, the GI bill has continued to change  the lives of millions of veterans by spurring economic opportunity and  helping to create the middle class as we know it today. That is why  earlier this week I was proud to reintroduce a bipartisan resolution in  the Senate, alongside my colleagues Senators Johnny Isakson of Georgia  and Jon Tester of Montana. They are the chair and ranking member of the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, which designates this week as  National GI Bill Commemoration Week, celebrating the historical  significance of the GI bill and renewing our commitment to improving  the lives of our Nation's veterans for years to come.   I want to share with you a couple of reasons why the GI bill is  oftentimes referred to as the ``greatest legislation'' and share with  you how it changed my life and really the life of my family.   After World War II, millions of returning veterans flooded our  Nation's colleges, our universities, and our vocational schools. It was  the GI bill that made financial support, education, and homegrown  programs available to those 16 million veterans returning home and  helped to usher in an era of unprecedented economic expansion.   According to the 1988 report from the Joint Economic Committee, it  was estimated that for every $1 the United States invested in our GIs  through the GI bill, about $7 were returned in economic growth for our  country.   I am going to say that again. According to the Joint Economic  Committee in 1988, it was estimated, for every $1 the United States  invested in the GI bill, about $7 were returned to our economy. It is a  pretty good return.   Those are big returns. I wish I could say for every dollar we  invested in Federal Government spending that we got seven bucks back,  in terms of economic growth. We don't. So this is something to know.   Thanks to the original GI bill, 450,000 engineers, 240,000  accountants, 238,000 teachers, 91,000 scientists, 67,000 doctors,  112,000 dentists, and thousands of other professionals entered our  country's workforce, and many folks entered the workforce with skills  in building trades, in assembly operations. You name it.  [[Page S4147]]    The GI bill truly democratized our higher education system. It  established greater citizenship and civic participation and empowered  the ``greatest generation''--my parents' generation--to lead our  country following World War II.   At the end of World War II, my dad was the chief petty officer in the  Navy and served until the end of World War II and a little bit after  that and served many years after that as a chief petty officer in the  naval reserve for, I think, 30 years in all. He came back. Before he  went to work, he took advantage of the GI bill, and he had a real knack  for fixing things and building things. He was very skilled in that  regard. He had a high school education. He and my mom graduated from  Shady Springs High School in Beaver, WV. They were married during World  War II. My sister was born in 1945, and I was born in 1947. My dad used  the GI bill, he once told me, to learn how to fix wrecked cars, how to  be an auto body repairman. He ended up working at an Oldsmobile  dealership in Beckley, WV, Burleson Oldsmobile, using the skills he  gained from the GI bill. He worked there for a year or two. One day, a  claims adjuster came in from the Nationwide Insurance company.  Nationwide insured a car that was being repaired by my dad. The claims  adjuster talked to my dad about the car and how it was coming.  Somewhere in that conversation, the fellow from Nationwide Insurance  said: You know, you could do what I do.   My dad said: You mean be a claims adjuster for Nationwide Insurance?   The guy said: Yes, you could do this. You have a lot on the ball.   Two years later, my father was a claims adjuster for Nationwide  Insurance. He continued to repair wrecked cars as a hobby. We had any  number of cars in our family that looked as good as new. He would take  them on weekends and went to a garage and fixed them, painted them, and  they were as good as new.   Out of that humble beginning as a claims adjuster for Nationwide  Insurance--he was very proud of the work he did, but he ended up 20, 25  years later as one of the top instructors for Nationwide in their home  office in Columbus, OH, teaching all the claims adjusters from across  the country for Nationwide how to do the job adjusting claims, working  on claims.   Here is a picture of my dad, Wallace Richard Carper. He went by  Richard, his middle name, my middle name. He instructed a bunch of  folks in the home office in the training school in Columbus, OH. Here  he is with some of his compadres, some of the fellow teachers whom he  worked with. It started with the GI bill.   I know people who used the GI bill to get an undergraduate degree or  2-year degree, associate's degree, a master's degree, a Ph.D. Not  everybody used the GI bill for that. My father used it in a way that  actually ended up enabling him to not only get a good blue-collar job  but also actually to end up doing this kind of work as well. I am proud  of him and thankful to the GI bill for helping him get started and  serve as a role model for my sister and me.   My own career, I served 5 years on Active Duty as a midshipman,  before that at Ohio State, and served 5 years in the Vietnam war, three  tours in Southeast Asia. I wanted to stay in the Navy. I wanted to go  to graduate school after my career. The Navy wasn't ready to send me to  Monterey. I wanted to go to Monterey to graduate school. The Navy  wasn't ready to send me to a postgraduate school. They said to come  back and talk to them in a couple of years.   I wanted to go to graduate school. I entered my regular commission,  took a Reserve commission, and moved from California to Delaware--the  University of Delaware--and enrolled on the GI bill to go to graduate  school.   The next weekend, after I showed up in Delaware, I drove up the road  to Willow Grove Naval Air Station in Pennsylvania, north of  Philadelphia, and they were just getting the Navy P-3 aircraft. I had  been a P-3 aircraft mission commander during the Vietnam war. I said:  Are you looking for people who might help train these sailors at Willow  Grove on how to use these P-3 airplanes?   He said: We need somebody. We need some help, and we are were happy  to sign you up.   I flew with them for another 18 years and retired as a Navy captain.   Before I did those 18 years, I went to graduate school at the  University of Delaware and earned an MBA, and that helped me go to work  for the State of Delaware in economic development, right out of  graduate school, and later had a chance to run for the State treasurer.  Nobody wanted to run. In knowing I had an MBA from the University of  Delaware, some people thought maybe I could be a pretty good State  treasurer. We ended up starting with the worst credit rating in the  country back in 1977, and 6 years later, we had doubled the credit  rating. Pete du Pont was our Governor, and he was a great Governor.    I hope I helped a little bit along the way. That GI bill helped me in  earning my MBA and, later, to have had a chance to have served in the  House, then as Governor, and now here in the Senate. So I am deeply  grateful to the people of this country for investing in me. I tried to  work hard to repay that investment they made in me all those years ago.   Today's veterans can take advantage of the post-9/11 GI bill. It is  an incredible benefit that pays the full cost of tuition at public  colleges and universities, offers a generous housing allowance, and  pays for books. It can even be transferred to veterans' spouses or  children.   In 2017, I was proud when Congress enacted the Forever GI bill-- legislation that expanded the GI bill and strengthened the protection  for our veterans, for Purple Heart recipients, for National Guard  reservists, and for surviving spouses and children.   About 2 or 3 weeks ago, we had a send-off ceremony in the Delaware  National Guard facility in Smyrna, DE, which is just north of Dover.  There were 20 or so National Guard men and women. They were about to  ship off for Iraq and other surrounding countries in that part of the  world.   In my remarks to send them off and wish them well, I mentioned, when  they come home, they will be eligible for the GI bill if they have a  total of 36 months of service, which will enable them to go to college  for free--to the University of Delaware, to Delaware State University,  or to the Delaware Technical Community College. There will be no  tuition, and books will be paid for. If they need tutoring, it will be  paid for, and they will receive a $2,000-a-month housing allowance.   When we came back from Southeast Asia at the end of the Vietnam war,  in the GI bill, we received a $250-a-month allowance for everything.  That was it. It was all there. The GI bill that our veterans inherit  today, receive today, is just incredibly generous and is, actually,  very helpful in terms of recruiting people to serve in an all-volunteer  military.   One of the aspects of the bill that I mentioned a minute ago was, if  a GI doesn't use his or her GI bill, his or her spouse can use it. If  his or her spouse doesn't use it, his or her dependent children can use  it. Sometimes that happens, and I want to share one sad but, in the  end, hopeful story about one servicemember's GI benefits.   His name was Christopher Slutman. He grew up not too far from  Delaware, but he ended up serving in New York City as a fireman and had  been one for 15 years. In the words of Winston Churchill, he was twice  a citizen because, in addition to doing that, he served in the Reserves  for a number of years--not in the Navy but in the Marines.   His unit was activated. He was activated, and he ended up in  Afghanistan on Active Duty. He took leave from his day job as a  firefighter in New York City to put on a different uniform and ship out  with his colleagues to go to Afghanistan. He was serving there on  Active Duty--a marine reservist activated--when, one day while on  patrol within the Humvee, they ran across a bomb that exploded and  killed him, Christopher Slutman, and killed two other marines who were  in the vehicle.   Along with Chris Coons, my colleague here in the Senate; Lisa Blunt  Rochester, our only Representative at large of the U.S. House of  Representatives; our Governor, John Carney; the Secretary of Defense;  the head of the Marine Corps; and a lot of other people, several days  later, I stood on the flight line at Dover Air Force Base with the  families of those three marines who died.  [[Page S4148]]    One of the people among the three families was Christopher Slutman's  now widow. Shannon Metcalf Slutman was there, who has earned three  degrees herself--her undergraduate from the University of Delaware, a  master's degree, and a doctorate degree--and her three daughters were  not. I think it was late at night. They were probably at home and  probably in bed.   When Christopher Slutman died, he left behind a widow, and he left  behind three little girls, ages 4, 8, and 10. His wife doesn't need to  go to school any further. She is educated well beyond my dreams. Do you  know what, though? They have three daughters, and we are going to make  sure, when they are old enough to go to college, they will be able to  inherit and use the GI bill's benefits that their father and their  mother will never use.   A lot of times, we think about what the GI bill does to help  servicemembers like me and like my dad, but it also helps a lot of  families in ways we, maybe, never imagined. So I think we celebrate 75  years of the gift that this legislation provides to those survivors,  like to the three Slutman girls, as they prepare to face the world  without their father.   In closing, I am proud to join families across our country today in  celebration of the importance of the GI bill over the last three- quarters of a century. It has enabled hundreds of thousands of  veterans, including, as I said earlier, my dad and me, to pursue our  dreams and to, hopefully, contribute in some way to our Nation and to  our economy. This week, we reaffirm our commitment to making sure that  all veterans today have similar experiences--maybe even better  experiences--than we had and that they get the most out of their hard- earned GI bill benefits.   I ask all of my colleagues to join us today, here in this Chamber and  across the country, in wishing the GI bill a happy 75th birthday. Here  is to another 75 years of improving the lives of our Nation's veterans.   I yield the floor.    While the Senator from Oregon is here, I just want to say  he mentioned we have a very fine planet, and God knows we do, but it is  also the only planet we have, and I think for certainly everybody who  serves in this body--and maybe some of these young pages will have the  opportunity someday to live on another planet but probably not.   The President of France was just down the hall 2 years ago. I am sure  Senator Merkley remembers it. President Macron addressed us on a  variety of subjects, but one of those was the future of our plant.   He said these words. I will never forget them. He said: We only get  one planet, planet Earth. There is no planet B. This is it.   He reminded us of our obligation, really a moral obligation, to take  care of this gift from God that he has entrusted into our care.   It is in that spirit that I am pleased to rise today with Senator  Merkley and other colleagues to speak out against the so-called  Affordable Clean Energy rule that repeals and replaces the Clean Power  Plan from the previous administration.   As I said when this rule was proposed in, I think, August of last  year--and our colleague, given where he is from in America, maybe they  say this in his State too--but we have a saying here that you can put  lipstick on a pig, but it is still a pig.   I said at the time when this rule was introduced that the only thing  that has changed from the proposal to the final rule is maybe a little  more lipstick.   The Trump EPA rule promotes neither affordable energy nor clean  energy. What it actually does is it attempts to scam the American  people into believing that the EPA is doing something to stem the tide  of climate change.   I think this poster probably speaks well to that thought, but this  proposal, I think, is a failure of vision, and I think it is an  abdication of leadership in our fight against climate change. We need  to fight this problem head-on.   The fact that our climate is warming, the fact that we have this  extreme weather, whether it happens to be in the Midwest with floods,  the Northwest with wildfires the size of my State, whether it happens  to be in the number of category 5 hurricanes that we are seeing,  extreme weather--literally within an hour or so of here, Ellicott City,  where they have had two 1,000-year floods in 18 months.   My wife and I were out in Palo Alto, CA, last weekend for the  graduation of our oldest son from business school, and the week before  we arrived there, he told us that the temperature in the Bay Area,  where I used to be stationed in the Navy during the Vietnam war, he  said that the temperature reached 104 degrees. I don't ever remember it  ever reaching 94 degrees in the years I was stationed in Moffett Field  Naval Air Station.   Something is going on here, and it is serious. I think we have a  pretty good idea what is causing this, and we need to fight this  challenge head-on.   The good news is this doesn't have to be something to divide us as a  nation. It doesn't have to be something that divides us as Democrats  and Republicans. It doesn't have to be something that divides us with  respect to the rest of the world. This is something that should unite  us.   There is an old saying that the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Well,  the enemy of a world that has all this crazy weather, extreme weather-- and maybe in a lot of places in the internal part of our country you  don't see what we see. What we see is that my State is sinking.  Delaware is the lowest lying State in America. We are sinking, and the  seas around us are rising. That is not a very good combination.   Folks who don't happen to live on our coast--I was born in West  Virginia, grew up in other parts of the country, but for us it is real.  It is not just something that is esoteric. We see it every day.   The science behind climate change is, I believe, settled. Climate  change is real. It is happening. It is a growing threat to our country,  and it is getting worse every year.   Climate change is leading to rising global temperatures, rising sea  levels, more frequent and severe weather events such as hurricanes,  rainfall measured by the foot, not by the inch, and drought-fueled  wildfires, as I said earlier, the size of my State.   The more I hear about these extreme weather events, the more I am  reminded of the story in the Old Testament. I think it is in the book  of Exodus, where you may recall that Moses gets a call from on high to  lead the people of Israel out of Egypt where they are in bondage.   He tells God: God, I am not a very good public speaker, and I don't  think you have the right guy to do this.   The Lord said to him: You have a brother, Aaron, who is a real good  speaker, a real good talker. Why don't the two of you sort of lead this  effort together?   So, urged by the Almighty, the two brothers visited the pharaoh who  was running the show in Egypt. They called on him and said: We are here  to ask you to let our people go. Set us free.   Pharaoh was stubborn. He rejected their plea, and there were  consequences to that rejection. I think there were about 10 different  plagues that were brought to bear on Egypt in an effort to try to  convince the pharaoh to let the people go, like the hordes of locusts  that covered the land.   Moses and Aaron would go back to see the pharaoh and would say: We  [[Page S4156]]  want you to let our people go. The pharaoh would say, basically: Get  out of here.   Then, after that, snakes would come out and appear everywhere, all  over the land.   They would go back and see the pharaoh, and he would say: Get out of  here.   Lizards came out of the rivers and covered the land, and they went  back to see the pharaoh, and he said: Get out of here.   Finally, the river was turned to blood, and they went back to see  him, and he said: Get out of here.   Finally, after the 10th plague, he changed his tune. The 10th plague,  as you may recall, if you remember the Old Testament--the 10th plague  was the firstborn sons of every Egyptian family died.   That time when Moses and Aaron showed up to see the pharaoh, he said:  Why don't you leave. Take all your people and your stuff and just  leave, and they left--and they left.   Our President's dismissal of the extreme weather that is associated  with the unrelenting worsening reality of climate change reminds me of  the pharaoh's dismissal of the plagues unleashed on the people of  Israel 2,000 years ago.   The pharaoh was dismissive. This President is dismissive. We have  seen this movie before. In this movie version of it, our President is  playing the role of pharaoh, and we need to make sure we don't succumb  to that.   The Obama-Biden administration finalized the Clean Power Plan to  reduce carbon pollution and try to stem the tide of climate change.   The Clean Power Plan established the very first Federal targets to  reduce carbon emissions from our Nation's electric powerplants, which  at the time were the largest source of carbon pollution in our country  not that long ago.   The rule was not developed on a whim. The Clean Power Plan was  finalized after a lengthy rulemaking process, which was 2 years or  longer in the making. They considered over 3.5 million public comments,  and I am told they responded to every one of them.   The Clean Power Plan set real carbon reduction targets for each State  but gave flexibility and time for States to meet these individualized  standards. EPA estimated the Clean Power Plan would have achieved over  $54 billion--that is billion with a ``b''--in health and climate  benefits if fully implemented. The Clean Power Plan provided long-term  certainty for U.S. businesses, helping American companies make smart  investments at home and compete in the global energy market around the  world.   When finalized, critics of the Clean Power Plan--and there were  plenty of them--argued the plan's carbon targets were too ambitious.  That is only about 4 or 5 years ago. Critics swore that every American  consumer who relies on electricity to keep the lights on would soon be  in dire straits. Administrator Wheeler echoed these false claims just  yesterday. Today, we know just how wrong the Clean Power Plan critics  were.   Even though the Clean Power Plan was never fully implemented, States  and utilities went ahead and started making investments in order to  meet the plan's carbon standards. They began acting in a way that said:  We believe this is the way we are actually going to go as a country,  and we need to get onboard.   As with other clean air regulations, America's utilities have been  able to find ways to meet the carbon reduction targets faster and much  cheaper than originally estimated. When George Herbert Walker Bush was  President, he pushed for a cap-and-trade approach to reducing acid rain  in the northeastern part of our country. It was killing all of our  forests, and he came up with a plan to reduce acid rain cap and trade.  People said: It is going to cost too much; it is going to take too  long. At the end of the day, it cost less than half of what it was  supposed to cost, and I think it was accomplished in about one-third of  the time.   Today, our Nation's utilities are already on track to meet and  surpass the goals set by the Clean Power Plan way ahead of schedule-- not on schedule but way ahead of schedule--because even though the  Clean Power Plan was held up in court, it sent clear signals to the  utility industry of this country.   All the while, the vast majority of Americans are now enjoying lower  utilities--let me say that again. They are enjoying lower utility  bills, not higher, and more than 3 million Americans are now going to  work in the clean energy sector every day, which includes jobs in  renewable energy generation and energy efficiency.   Despite the revolutionary changes in our energy sector, leading  climate scientists are now telling us that we need to do even more to  protect American lives and our economy from the threats of climate  change.   In the past year alone, the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate  Change issued an alarming report that concluded that if the global  community does not enact ``rapid and far-reaching'' carbon reduction  policies in the next decade, we could face irreversible damage to our  planet as soon as 2040.   Just 6 months ago, 13 Federal agencies under the Trump administration  concluded unanimously that if this country does not take more drastic  actions to address climate change, every major sector of our economy  could be negatively affected by climate change by the turn of the  century--every one. Some sectors are expected to see hundreds of  billions of dollars of loss every year. My recollection is, in the last  year alone, we have suffered damages from extreme weather in our  country that add up to hundreds of billions of dollars in 1 year alone.   What a science-based agency like EPA should be doing is building off  of Obama's forward-looking carbon reduction vision and strengthening  the Clean Power Plan standards, not weakening them. But even though  utilities are on track to meet carbon reduction targets and scientists  are warning us to keep our foot on the gas pedal, the Trump  administration, sadly, is hitting the brakes.   What this EPA has done fails to heed the warnings of climate  scientists by weakening the Obama-Biden carbon standards put into place  almost 4 years ago. The Clean Power Plan set clear targets for States  to achieve a 32-percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from the  power sector by 2030. Let me say that again. The Clean Power Plan set  clear targets for States to achieve an almost one-third reduction in  greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector by 2030.   In comparison, the Trump proposal fails to set any real carbon  emission standards for the power sector. It fails to set any real  carbon emission standards for the power sector.   This new proposed rule provides States with a menu of options for  making coal-fired powerplants operate more efficiently, allowing States  to decide whether to make coal plants implement those options. This  means States could do nothing to clean up their powerplant emissions-- nothing.   Add it up, and the dirty power scam fails to drive down powerplant  carbon emissions. According to EPA's own analysis, this rule is, at  best, going to keep powerplant carbon emissions at status quo levels.  At worst, there are credible reports that show the scam may well result  in an increase in carbon emissions.   Like all climate change policies by President Trump, the dirty power  scam also fails to advance the American clean energy economy. Instead,  this rule tries to take our country back to a decade ago, when this  country relied much more heavily on dirty coal generation. EPA  Administrator Wheeler even touted the dirty power scam as a way to  support more coal energy production in the United States. But ask any  utility CEO or investor. America's future is not in dirty coal; it is  in clean energy.   As a native of West Virginia whose family members once worked in coal  mines, let me say this. There are 50,000 people who work in coal mines  in this country today, and those jobs are going down. Today, there are  3 million people who work in sustainable energy and clean energy and  conservation businesses, and for each of those 50,000 miners, we have  an obligation to them and their families. If they lose their employment  opportunities because we are moving to cleaner, carbon-free air, we  have an obligation to help them in terms of transitioning and training  for other jobs that are available. We have 3 million jobs today in this  country that nobody showed up to do because they don't have the skills,  the education, or the desire to do those jobs.  [[Page S4157]]  Coal miners could do a number of jobs. People who work in coal mines  could build windmills. They could build solar fields. They can do all  kinds of stuff. They can build clean corridors for our transportation,  fueling electric-powered vehicles across the highways across America.  They could build hydrogen fueling stations. They can do all kinds of  stuff.   Today, our utilities are making investments that will last 40 to 60  years, if not longer. We should be providing the right market signals  today for a clean energy economy tomorrow.   The dirty power scam doesn't do that. What it does is create business  uncertainty for our Nation's utilities and States grappling with the  effects of climate change.   To recap, if I could, the dirty power scam does three things,  regrettably: It fails to heed the warnings of climate scientists; it  fails to drive down powerplant carbon emissions; and it fails to  advance a clean energy economy.   Referring again to the failure of vision and leadership, that is why  the dirty power scam is a failure of vision and an abdication of  leadership in our fight against climate change. Repealing the Clean  Power Plan and replacing it with a rule as ill-conceived as the dirty  power scam will have serious consequences for the health of the public,  our economy, and our planet. It is also a clear retreat from the EPA's  responsibility to tackle the greatest environmental crises we face on  our planet today, and those are climate change and the extreme weather  that flows from it.   The people of this country deserve a strong economy. They deserve  more job creation. They deserve cleaner air. They deserve better  environmental quality. The American people and our neighbors around the  world deserve a healthy planet that we can call home. The American  people deserve better than the dirty power scam, plain and simple.   My colleagues and I are going to do everything in our power to make  sure that the people of this country ultimately get the climate  protection they deserve.   The last thing I would say before yielding back to Senator Merkley is  that the issue of climate change is not something that should divide  us. Ultimately, this is something that should unite us, not just within  this body, not just within this country, but around the world. That is  my hope and prayer because, at the end of the day, we can clean our  air, we can clean our water, we can combat climate change, and we can  create a lot of jobs--a lot more than the 3 million jobs we have  already seen created.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  interns from the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee staff  have privileges of the floor through July 31, 2019. Their names are  Emma Runge, Kelsey Lessard, and Peter St. Amand.   