 Mr. Speaker, I want to echo the concerns of my colleague  and friend, Mr. Stauber, over the rejection of our reasonable amendment  to this bill in the Rules Committee.   In their very last days, the Obama administration ordered Federal  control of Minnesota land in the form of a mineral withdrawal proposal.  We were told it was a step to protect the environment when, in reality,  it was nothing more than Washington telling Minnesotans that they can't  be responsible for their own land and resources.    Blocking exploration and potential development has devastated the  region. That is exactly what this bill will continue to do today if it  passes.   I introduced the MINER Act 2 years ago to restore the rights and  responsibilities back to Minnesotans as stewards of our lands. The  House passed our bill last year, closely followed by action from this  administration to restore our rights. Yet, bureaucrats from Washington  are at it again, this time including a provision in this bill to create  the ``study'' that is yet another barrier, another delay tactic outside  of the normal regulatory review process.   The amendment I offered with Mr. Stauber would address this and  simply allow the process to move forward. Let us be clear: Any proposed  mine in the area would still need to go through a long and thoroughly  detailed review through the National Environmental Policy Act and other  regulatory processes. Leaseholders would be allowed to propose a mine  plan of operation and demonstrate how they will protect the environment  in the surrounding area. If that plan does not meet the high standards  that our State and country require, it will be rejected.   Yet, I am disappointed by some of my Minnesota colleagues who do not  have faith in the people of our great State. They don't have faith that  our people would want to protect our own land while ensuring  development and a better future for our children.   My colleagues don't want to entertain the potential for thousands of  high-paying, labor-negotiated jobs for northern Minnesota and the  surrounding region. These same men and women, these miners, are  Minnesotans first.    These same men and women, these miners, are Minnesotans  first. We are proud of our State's natural beauty, and we are experts  when it comes to how to preserve it.   I believe my State is perfectly capable of abiding by the existing  rules and regulations and determining the best way to use our land.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule, and I urge my colleagues to do so as  well.   