 Mr. President, I rise today to offer briefly my remarks on  the nomination of William Barr to serve as Attorney General of the  United States.   This past Thursday, when the Judiciary Committee of the Senate  considered him, I was absent, being the cochair of the National Prayer  Breakfast. I would like to offer my conclusions briefly here on the  floor.   I have weighed carefully over several weeks William Barr's nomination  to serve as the next Attorney General. Initially, I have to say, I was  greatly encouraged that the President nominated a nominee whose service  had included leadership roles in the Justice Department, including  Attorney General of the United States.   However, I believe my responsibility to assess Mr. Barr's candidacy  requires me to consider his entire record, including his recent  writings, his statements, and his work, and to focus on his ability to  actually meet the test of our current time. Having met with him in  person, having questioned him during the Judiciary Committee's  confirmation hearing, having reviewed his record, and having reviewed  his written answers to questions submitted for the record, I ultimately  believe Mr. Barr does not meet this test. I am not confident that he  will uphold the Attorney General's critical role in defending the  Department of Justice as an institution and in ensuring that the  special counsel's investigation proceeds with independence and, by so  doing, restores the trust of the American people in the rule of law.   In weighing his nomination, the memo Mr. Barr chose to author in June  2018--and to submit--criticizing the special counsel's investigation  into obstruction of justice, I concluded was significant and could not  be ignored. Mr. Barr tried to narrow or minimize the import of this  memo by saying it was a specific application to a particular statute.  The fact remains that his memo is rooted in and embraces an  exceptionally broad theory of executive power that could threaten not  only the special counsel's investigation but a lot of our current  understanding of the scope and reach of Executive power.   When I asked him if he had sent other lengthy, detailed legal memos  he had researched and written himself to the Department of Justice as a  private citizen, he could only cite that one memo from this year,  dealing critically with the special counsel's investigation.   At his nomination hearing in the committee, I sought simple and  concrete assurances from Mr. Barr that he would give the special  counsel's ongoing investigation the independence and separation from  partisan politics it needs and deserves. In some instances I was  genuinely encouraged by his answers. I was glad to hear a forceful  answer from Mr. Barr that he would not fire the special counsel without  cause and would resign rather than do so, if so ordered.   On other issues, however, he failed to give the sort of simple and  clear commitment that former Attorney General Elliot Richardson gave at  his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee during  the period of an  [[Page S1292]]  important investigation in the 1970s. Mr. Barr would not commit to  following the guidance of career DOJ ethics officials on whether he  should recuse himself. He would not commit to deferring to special  counsel Mueller's investigative decisions. Finally, he would not commit  to making special counsel Mueller's final report public. In essence,  Mr. Barr is asking the American people and those of us who represent  them to trust him to do the right thing. There are reasons to believe  that he will, but there are, as I have laid out briefly, reasons to be  gravely concerned that he will not.   Something my predecessor here in the Senate, Senator Joe Biden,  expressed in voting to confirm him back in 1991, was his grave concerns  about his expansive view of Executive power, but that was a very  different time in our history, with a different Court and a different  context.   I think we must be clear-eyed about the moment our country faces and  the Attorney General's potentially pivotal role in ensuring the  integrity of the rule of law and the institutions of our democracy. I  believe it is my responsibility in the Senate to protect the special  counsel investigation, to ensure that other ongoing Federal  investigations are not interfered with because of a narrow or partisan  purpose, and to safeguard the rule of law.   If Mr. Barr is confirmed, I hope he will prove me wrong. I hope he  will demonstrate to the American people of all parties and backgrounds  that he will put the interests of our democracy above the moment and  partisan priorities. I hope he will prove to be a terrific, solid, and  reliable steward for the ongoing investigation Special Counsel Mueller  is leading into Russian interference in the 2016 election. If so, I  will gladly put aside our policy differences to work with him for the  good of the American people during this critical time, but I regret I  have reached the conclusion that I cannot support his nomination this  week.   Thank you, Mr. President.   With that, I yield the floor.   