 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Ohio for his  outstanding comments on faith-biased security and the immigration  crisis that we are facing and the solutions he suggested. We have a lot  of work to do there.   Now you get to hear from the accountant.   I come to the floor today to call attention to the Federal  Government's unsustainable fiscal outlook.   Yesterday in the Senate Budget Committee we had a hearing on fixing  our broken budget and spending process, with a focus on securing our  country's fiscal future. Our witness was the Comptroller General of the  United States, the head of the Government Accountability Office.   In April of this year, GAO issued its third annual update on the  nation's fiscal health. The report concluded that the Federal  Government is on an unsustainable fiscal path.   A Congressional Budget Office report released this week on the long- term budget outlook painted a similarly bleak picture, noting that our  surging Federal debt is putting our Nation at risk of a ``fiscal  crisis.'' This is one of the charts we got to see. I know it is pretty  hard for people to read. We are figuring out a way to make this bigger.   The impact will be tremendous. It shows that, in 2019, Social  Security spending passed the $1 trillion mark annually. In 2021, the  highway trust fund will be unable to meet all obligations. In 2022, the  discretionary spending caps will expire, allowing unlimited spending.  In 2025, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation multiemployer fund  will be depleted. It will be insufficient to pay full benefits to  insolvent pension plans. In 2025, CBO projects the net interest  spending will surpass the spending on national defense. In 2026, the  Medicare hospital insurance trust fund will be depleted. With some  incoming revenue, it will be sufficient to pay 91 percent of hospital- related Medicare spending, which is already forced to be low.   In 2030, the net interest spending will exceed $1 trillion annually.  The interest will exceed $1 trillion annually.   In 2031, mandatory spending and interest will consume all Federal  revenue. It means we will not get to make any decisions on anything  that isn't mandatory, which we don't get to make decisions on right  now.   In 2032, the Social Security trust fund will be depleted. The amount  of money coming in that will be paid out right away will only pay 77  percent of the scheduled benefits. I will cover that more later.   Those are a few of the fiscal cliffs we are facing that could be  solved now, that have to be solved now. If they are solved now, they  have simpler, less impactful problems than if we wait until the cliff  gets here.   The Federal Government is swimming in a sea of red ink that threatens  to drown America's future generations. If current laws don't change,  debt as a percentage of GDP, will soar to unprecedented levels over the  next 30 years. Let me repeat that. If current laws don't change, debt  as a percentage of GDP--that is production--will soar to unprecedented  levels over the next 30 years. By 2037, our debt-to-GDP ratio--that is  debt-to-production--will surpass the historical records set in the  aftermath of World War II. By 2049, debt will stand at 144 percent of  GDP.  [[Page S4615]]    That is how bond investors determine the likelihood of getting their  money back. Interest rates reflect that fact and go up as risk  increases. As that percentage goes up, the risk increases. The amount  we have to pay to borrow any money will go up, if people still loan us  money, which gets us to what is on the chart.   In 2030, net interest will exceed $1 trillion a year annually. That  is not buying anything; that is paying the interest.   In most of the Nation's history, we have only seen periods of high  spending and debt during wars and other emergencies, and the increase  has been temporary, but today's fiscal situation is different.   We are facing a demographic fiscal storm. For decades, nonpartisan  experts, including the Congressional Budget Office and the Government  Accountability Office, have warned of the budget pressures that we  would face as baby boomers aged and began to retire. We heard yesterday  from the GAO that, on average, more than 10,000 people per day turn 65  years of age, and in the next few years, that number will rise to more  than 11,000. Here is a little chart of how those thousands per day  grow.   Some of us were under the impression, of course, that the baby  boomers eventually would die. That is kind of an inevitable sort of  thing. What we didn't count on was the extra longevity that everybody  will have and the fact that there are other generations coming up. So  the chart does not tail off here on the end. The chart continues to  grow, even though the birth rate is down.   The combination of aging population, longer lifespans, and rising  per-beneficiary healthcare costs put enormous pressure on our spending.   According to the CBO, the projected explosion in debt we will see  over the next few decades and beyond occurs because of mandatory  spending--particularly Social Security and major healthcare programs,  specifically, Medicare and Medicaid--not to mention the interest  payments on the national debt that will permanently grow faster than  Federal revenues.   This autospent money--spending that is never looked at--has already  grown from about 36 percent of the Federal budget 50 years ago to 70  percent today. If left unchecked, CBO projects that more than 80 cents  of every dollar the government spends will be on mandatory spending,  guaranteed to be spent without further approval, not to mention the  interest by 2049.   Because mandatory spending operates on autopilot, not subject to the  annual appropriations process, it often escapes congressional scrutiny  and proper oversight. It would be one thing if mandatory spending  programs bypassed the appropriations process because they were fully  funded through their own dedicated source of revenue, but that is not  the case.   As this chart shows, many of the largest mandatory programs, such as  Medicaid and food stamps, don't have their own source of funding and  instead rely entirely on money from the Treasury's general fund. You  can see the blue here. That is money that will be coming in. The red is  the extra money that has to be spent to meet the obligations. On some  of these, you will note that there is no blue at all. That means this  is coming out of the general fund, which is where we expect to be able  to get defense, education, and all of the other things we do. So there  is enough spent right here on excess that doesn't have a source of  revenue that forces everything else we do to be borrowed, and I already  mentioned the problems of borrowing.   Even though some of these programs do collect some revenue--and a few  of them do collect their own revenue--they often spend more than they  take in. It didn't used to be the case. We used to have a lot more  people working and paying into Social Security than were receiving  Social Security, and there used to be a huge surplus, which we spent  and then put as bonds in the drawer. We are now drawing down on those  bonds, even though there is no real money to back them up, but that is  about to be depleted as well.   Over the next 10 years, CBO projects that Social Security spending  will total $14.4 trillion, but the program's dedicated tax revenues  will only cover $11.8 trillion of that. That is $14.4 trillion going  out and $11.8 trillion coming in. You can't do that very long.   CBO projects that under current law, Social Security's combined trust  funds would be exhausted through 2032. You may say: That is a long time  into the future, 2032. Well, that is 3 years earlier than the Social  Security trustees estimated just earlier this year. How many times can  we have that accelerated by 3 years before we are at the cliff?   Total Medicare spending will amount to $11.5 trillion over the next  10 years, but the program just collects $6 trillion in dedicated taxes  and premiums--again, $11.5 trillion going out and $6 trillion coming  in.   CBO and the Medicare trustees both projected Medicare's Hospital  Insurance Trust Fund, which covers inpatient hospital services, hospice  care, skilled nursing facilities, and home health services, will be  depleted in 2026.   Spending on military and civilian retirement programs will total  nearly $2 trillion, but Federal employees' contributions toward their  pension will only be $70 billion. I don't like that word ``trillion.''  It is kind of hard to wrap your head around it. Billions are tough  enough, but $2 trillion is $2,000 billion. That is what is going out,  $2,000 billion. What is coming in is $70 billion. There is a little bit  of a gap. Just as with most other spending programs, this difference  will be made up with general fund revenues, which today are all  borrowed funds.   Social Security and much of Medicare is supposed to be different  though. Under current law, once their respective trust funds are  exhausted, those programs will still pay out money, but they will only  be able to pay out as much in benefits as they have coming in. We heard  yesterday from the Government Accountability Office that, for Medicare,  that means only being able to pay 91 cents on the dollar for hospital- related Medicare spending. How long do you think doctors will put up  with that? How many hospitals will that put out of business? For Social  Security, revenue is projected to be sufficient to cover only 77  percent of scheduled benefits. Who on Social Security will be able to  afford a cut of 23 percent? That is the fiscal cliff.    Of course, this shouldn't be news to lawmakers. For years, the  warnings that these programs are on an unsustainable fiscal course have  gone largely unheeded, hoping that the next Congress, the next  President, or maybe the next generation would be more willing to deal  with the problem.   To be clear, I want to make sure Social Security and Medicare are  able to continue providing benefits to current beneficiaries, as well  as those who may need these programs in the future. That will require  us to work together in a bipartisan manner to ensure these programs'  solvency. If we don't make changes to the way these programs currently  operate, a lot of people in the future will just be out of luck. There  are levers that can be pulled on these. If any one is pulled, it would  be a tragedy to whomever it affects. If they are all pulled, it is less  noticeable but still noticeable based on how long it is before we ever  reach a solution on these problems.   Ignoring the problem will not make it go away and, in this case, the  opposite is true. The longer we wait to address this imbalance, the  more severe the changes will need to be, and we will have fewer  options.   We need to change the way we do things around here. Too often we wait  to make the difficult decisions that everyone knows has to be made  until we have a crisis on our hands. In the Budget Committee, we are  focused on trying to put together bipartisan budget process reform  proposals that will help us confront these thorny fiscal issues in a  more reasoned, timely, and responsible way.   I am hopeful we will get there. I am encouraged with the  conversations we have had that we will get there. These issues are too  important to ignore, and we are going to need to work together if we  are to put our country on a more sustainable fiscal course. We owe it  to future generations to try.   We have handled some crises around here. Recently, we handled one of  national disasters. The national disasters don't have to be paid for.  They aren't a part of the budget caps--they should be a part of the  budget caps, but they don't have to be a part of the budget  [[Page S4616]]  caps--so they just get exempt as long as they are voted on, but  everybody wants to help everybody with a problem, so we go ahead and  pass those straight to debt. One week, at the beginning of the week,  when we proposed it, it was $13 billion. When it actually passed it, it  was up to $19.1 billion. That all went to additional debt.   It is a crisis. We need to plan for it. We need to prioritize for it.  We need to fit that in, but we can't do everything, continue to  escalate everything, and consider that things we haven't look at for  years are OK to keep doing the same way we are doing them or to have  the duplication. We are doing hearings all the time on ways this  problem can be solved, but it is important that we start solving it  soon or future generations will be drastically affected.   In fact, the dates I had up here earlier, present generations will be  affected. We need to get everyone on board looking for solutions and  biting the bullet now to do them.   I have had a penny plan for a long time. Under the penny plan, if we  just stopped spending 1 cent out of every dollar we spend, not counting  Social Security, no change in Social Security--if we just found ways to  do things 1 percent better, and we did that for 7 consecutive years,  our budget would balance. If we started with a penny, I am pretty sure  we would say: That really didn't hurt too bad. How about if we do 2  cents? Now we cut it back to 4 years, and we can start paying down  debt, which we have to do for our future generations, if our kids and  grandkids are going to have the kind of life we had.   I am working for and hoping for everybody working together to solve  these problems. If we just talk about them, and we don't work on them,  it is pretty depressing but not as depressing as it will be hurting.   I ask my colleagues to take a look at this and help come up with  solutions. I am impressed with those who are working with me on it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   