 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I join my colleagues in bringing up the  challenges of climate change and our responsibility to do something  about it.   Climate change is real. It is putting our communities at risk. Our  activities here on Earth are affecting climate change, and we can do  something about it. By reducing carbon emissions, we can make a real  difference in the trajectory of the catastrophic impact of climate  change. I just want to give a couple examples.   Last Monday, we had record flash flooding in this region. In less  than 1 hour, we had 1 month's worth of rain. That is becoming typical  as a result of climate change. In our region, we saw streets that were  flooded, sinkholes that developed, water pouring into our Metro  stations, and roads that were literally ripped apart.   This shows one major road in Potomac, MD--not very far from here-- that is critically important for a community to be connected. The road  was destroyed by the record rainfall during that period of time.   We had CSX and Amtrak put high-speed restrictions on the rail  service. In Baltimore, we had 1.3 million gallons of sewage from the  Jones Falls river flow into the Inner Harbor, which produced a sight in  the Inner Harbor of Baltimore that is truly regrettable.   This photo I think shows beautiful downtown Baltimore. It doesn't  look very beautiful. That was just this past Monday and was as a result  of the high amount of water flow and the inability of our sewage  treatment facilities to treat that amount of runoff. We are just not  prepared for it. It is another example of why we need to act.   We need to act now. Climate change is here. The catastrophic impacts  are here, and we can do something about it.   Let me just make a couple of suggestions. We need to upgrade our  stormwater systems in this country. We have a 21st-century problem with  20th-century infrastructure. It can't handle it. We need to invest in  adaptation and deal with the realities of the new weather systems we  are confronting every day.   Yes, we have to act on climate change. As I said, it is real. Our  activities are impacting it, and we could do something about it. There  are many examples I could give that are affecting our lives. I have  already shared some about some water. We have wildfires in the West. We  have extreme weather conditions throughout. We have unprecedented  concentration and frequency of rainfall in the mid-Atlantic, driven by  climate change.   Studies have shown that tropical storms move more slowly, with much  more precipitation. We saw that with Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017  and Florence in 2018. All those were slower moving hurricanes, dropping  a lot more water, saturating our inlands, and making it more difficult  to deal with the next weather condition. We have warmer ocean  temperatures that are making these storms more costly to our  communities. We have what is known as compound flooding as a result of  climate change--storm surges that hit our shorelines, which are already  saturated by inland precipitation.   After Tropical Storm Barry, FEMA said: ``Given [the] unprecedented  magnitude of natural disasters over the past two years and the current  projected path of the storm, a hurricane making landfall is likely to  impact communities still working to recover from the previous event.''  That is how frequent we are going through flooding.   I will give another example of how much flooding we have had. In my  region, in Baltimore, if you use the period from 1957 to 1963, that 6- year period, we had an average of 1.3 floods per year. If you use 2007  through 2013, we have had 13.1 floods per year. In Annapolis, those  numbers are 3.8 floods in the 1957 through 1963 period, compared to 39  floods from 2007 to 2013. That is a tenfold increase in the number of  flooding events.   This is an issue that is with us today. Thanks to climate change,  Baltimore may feel more like the Mississippi Delta than Chesapeake Bay  country.   Professor Matt Fitzpatrick at the University of Maryland Center for  Environmental Science published a study in February in the journal  Nature Communications with Robert Dunn, an ecologist at North Carolina  State University, to match cities with their climate counterparts in  2080. If we continue this trajectory, they predict that the average  city will come to resemble climates more than 500 miles away, often to  the south or west. Each one of our communities is going to be impacted  by climate change if we do not take action to change the trajectory.   Like all States, Maryland has a very important agricultural  community. As a farmer, it is difficult to make ends meet today, but  with these extreme weather conditions, it becomes even more difficult.  [[Page S4901]]    It is in our economic interest, our environmental interest, as well  as our security interest for us to deal with the climate issues.  Unchecked, the sea level in Maryland coasts will rise. If we don't do  anything about it in the next century, it is projected to be at least  16 inches and could be as high as 4 feet. We know the catastrophic  impact to our coastal communities if we do not take action to prevent  that from happening.   Our activities of reducing carbon emissions can make a difference,  and we should do that now to reduce our use of fossil fuels.   Our States have acted. I am very proud of the actions we have seen  from local governments and from the private sector. Nine Northeastern  and Mid-Atlantic States, including Maryland, announced an intent of a  new, regional, low-carbon transportation policy proposal. All are  members of the Transportation and Climate Initiative. This is great.  Our States are doing what we need to do.   But I just want to underscore what many of my colleagues have said.  President Trump made the egregious decision to withdraw us from the  Paris climate agreement. I was there when U.S. leadership was  indispensable in bringing the world community together to take action.  Every country in the world joined us in making commitments to reduce  our carbon emissions. It was U.S. leadership. The President has  withdrawn us from that agreement--or is attempting to do that. We can  act. We are an independent branch.   I applaud the action of the House in passing H.R. 9, the Climate  Action Now Act, but it has been 76 days since the House has taken  action on this very important climate issue.   Senator Shaheen was on the floor earlier and has introduced S. 1743,  the International Climate Accountability Act. The United States should  meet its nationally determined contributions. We determine our own  contributions. We should meet those contributions and join the  international community in doing something about climate change.   So, yes, I do ask the majority leader to let the Senate do what we  should do. Let us consider climate legislation. Let us debate and act  on climate legislation. We shouldn't be the graveyard on these  important issues. The Senate must stop denying action on important  issues and do the right thing to meet the threat of climate change. It  is real here today. I urge my colleagues to bring this issue up so that  we can, in fact, do the responsible thing.   With that, I yield the floor.   