 Mr. Chair, I hail from the Seventh  District of South Carolina, and for 3 days in September the Nation was  rapt as Hurricane Florence stalled directly on top of my district.   I have eight counties in my district. All eight counties were  declared disaster areas. The inland counties were inundated, as North  Carolina was, and all the rain that fell in North Carolina and those  inland counties comes through five river systems out Georgetown County,  South Carolina.   My district was overcome by a slow-motion, rolling disaster. And if  that wasn't bad enough, that was the third storm in 4 years. Hurricane  Matthew hit us 3 years ago.   With Hurricane Matthew, the Federal Government awarded us $95 million  to rebuild 1,350 houses for indigent families. And, at the speed the  Federal Government moves, as of now, 2\1/2\ years after the storm,  about 400 of those 1,300 homes have been rebuilt, so we have got about  1,000 indigent South Carolinians either gone or living in substandard  housing.   Now, in this storm, 12,163 homes were ``moderately damaged.'' I asked  the definition of ``moderate damage.'' They said that means that there  was water inside the house but it was less than 2 feet deep.   My friends, we also incurred $200 million of agricultural damage. In  these last two storms, our agricultural department didn't even ask for  help from the Federal Government, but the farmers are at their wits'  end.   A farmer told me that 3 years ago they used their cash, the last  storm they used their equity, and now they are at the end of their  rope. We will be losing South Carolina farmers if we don't help these  people.   So, I was prepared to support this, and House Republicans passed this  disaster bill as part of the supplemental in December.   Now the Democrats bring it back up, and it is subject to opening the  government up with no wall funding, and they know full well that the  President wouldn't sign it, even if we did pass it.   This is a political game, and they are playing to win. But what they  are playing with, the pieces that they are playing with, are hurting  people in South Carolina. There are damaged people in South Carolina.  They are suffering people who are on their knees.   Three of the counties that were hit the hardest--Marion, Dillon, and  Marlboro counties--are some of the poorest counties in South Carolina.  Overwhelmingly African American, these people had nothing before the  storm, and what little they had has been taken away. And we are using  these people as pawns in this fight over the government shutdown.   My friends, enough is enough. It is time to stop playing politics. As  my friend across the aisle said earlier: Leaders don't hold people  hostage; they find solutions.   And it is time to find a solution. They know full well that, by  attaching this continuing resolution to this disaster bill, it will not  pass this House, it won't get a hearing in the Senate, and the  President won't sign it.   All this is for show. Enough show. Let's deliver this relief to the  people who need it.   The storm hit my area September the 14th, 4 months ago. Enough show.  Stop using these indigent people as pawns. Enough    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of  my amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of  my amendment, a commonsense fix that gives HUD the flexibility to waive  redundant and unnecessary environmental requirements that slow down the  disaster recovery process.   Anyone from a district that has endured one of these devastating  hurricanes, wildfires, or floods can attest to the fact that Congress  should do everything in our power to quickly give these communities  relief.   Madam Chair, 3 years ago, South Carolina was struck by Hurricane  Matthew. As a result of that storm, South Carolina was awarded $95  million, which was to be used to repair the households of 1,300  indigent families.   The three counties that were most affected were three of the very  poorest counties in South Carolina, Marion, Dillon, and Marlboro, and 2  years and 6 months later, about $25 million of that $95 million has  been spent, about 400 of those houses have been repaired, which leaves  about 1,000 South Carolina families, indigent families, people who had  nothing to begin with, either out of their homes or living in  substandard, mold-infested housing that could burn down from electrical  problems, or the flooring is buckled and so forth. We have to do  better.   Why does it take so long? Why does it take two-and-a-half years to  get these people back in their homes?   What I want to do, what my amendment does, is remove some of the  burdensome Federal requirements that stand in the way of delivering the  relief that the Federal Government has offered up money to pay for.   Now we come to Hurricane Florence. Hurricane Florence parked on top  of my district and the southern part of North Carolina for 3 days in  September and dumped over 40 inches of rain in places. And then when  the storm finally did leave, for the next 2 weeks, the rivers rose and  people were driven from their homes.   16,000 houses in my district were damaged. 12,000 of those houses had  what they call moderate damage, which in their definition means that  the house had water inside of the house but it was less than 2 feet  deep.   Since the first major hurricane hit my district, I have been in  constant contact with all Federal and State agencies involved in the  recovery and rebuilding process. I frequently visit homes that are  under construction and check with my constituents to ensure the process  is going smoothly.   With respect to Matthew from two-and-a-half years ago, almost 1,000  of my constituents are still not in their homes.   My top question is, Why is this taking so long? And what can we do to  fix it?   Part of their answer is reforming the long, expensive, and redundant  environmental review process.   Currently, before a home is rebuilt with HUD funds, the South  Carolina Disaster Recovery Office must conduct two environmental  assessments. After completing a countywide assessment, every single  home that is eligible to be repaired with HUD funds must undergo a  second assessment, no matter the size or type of repair that they are  using the HUD dollars to complete.   For example, if someone is using FEMA funds to repair a hole in the  roof, the contractor can repair the hole without the homeowner having  to complete an environmental study. However, if a home is being  repaired using HUD funding, a costly and time-consuming environmental  assessment must be completed before even the most minor of repairs can  be made to the home.   This onerous regulatory requirement is just one more roadblock that  my constituents face in the recovery process.   And I tell you again, the counties that were affected by this storm  most severely are the poorest counties in South Carolina; majority  African American, these people never had anything to begin with, and  whatever they had has been taken away from them, and they need relief  and they don't need Federal regulatory roadblocks.   Bringing the regulations that apply to HUD in line with other Federal  agencies will create a more streamlined process and ensure the Federal  dollars are put to use in a more prompt fashion.   We need to cut down the time and the costs that are preventing people  in my district from getting back in their homes, back to normal, and on  with their lives, and this practical amendment will do just exactly  that.   Madam Chair, I have to reiterate that the House Republicans passed  this disaster package in December, and here we come, the Democratic  majority has put it back up, but has subjected it to reopening the  government, and has made that a poison pill to make it impossible to be  passed in this House.   Certainly it will not pass in the Senate, and the President will not  sign it even if we pass it in this House.   Madam Chair, I urge Members to vote for this amendment and I urge the  Democratic majority to stop playing politics with disaster recovery  funds.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   