 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today because far too many of our  veterans feel like they have run out of options when it comes to  dealing with the physical and mental scars of war. These are folks who  have served in defense of our freedoms and who often suffer tremendous  invisible wounds of war.   I can't tell you the number of times I have heard from men and women  in uniform, in Montana and across this country, who feel helpless, and  they feel as though they have been abandoned by their own country. The  facts tell us that we are not doing enough here in this body to help.  The reality is that our country loses as many as 20 Active-Duty or  veteran servicemembers each and every day due to suicide. Regardless of  political party, we can all agree that one life lost to a suicide is  too many.   That is why, as ranking member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee, I have been working with my colleagues across the aisle-- colleagues like Senator Sullivan--to make sure that our vets have the  access to the help and the care they need.   The bill that we are going to consider here shortly--our Support for  Suicide Prevention Coordinators Act--is a bipartisan effort to help  tackle the suicide epidemic by ensuring that we take a comprehensive  approach to connecting veterans with urgent, lifesaving care. This bill  starts by identifying and addressing staffing needs for VA employees  and suicide prevention professionals who are our Nation's first line of  defense when it comes to combating veteran suicide.   It is clear that we have much more to do to prevent this national  health epidemic, and it starts with understanding the scope of the  problem. If we don't have the tools in place to take care of these  folks when they return home, then, we should think twice before we send  them in the first place.   I urge the Senate to vote for this bill when it comes up and to get  it passed out of this body quickly so the President can quickly sign it  into law.   It is not something that can solve our suicide problems among our  veterans by itself, but it is certainly one of the tools in the toolbox  that can help folks when they need help and to ensure that no veteran  slips through the cracks.   I want to thank the Senator from Alaska for everything he has done to  make sure that this bill becomes a reality.   I yield the floor.   