 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to follow the gentleman from  Georgia.   I have a card in my hand. This is a Member's identification. There is  no designation of party on this card. This card designates 435 of us  when we are at full complement as Members of the Congress, the people's  Representatives. I urge all my colleagues to use this card in a few  minutes on behalf of the people and on behalf of this institution.   Mr. Speaker, when Democrats won the majority in this House, we did so  on a promise to the American people to hold the executive department  accountable. That is our responsibility. The Constitution gives us that  responsibility, and we swear an oath to uphold the Constitution. That  is what the committees have been doing, and it is what the whole House  is doing today.  [[Page H4417]]    Now, the previous speaker said we have the right to ask for any  information. That is accurate. What he did not then say is we have  asked, and we have been refused. Not only have we been refused in the  particular, we have been refused in the general because the President  of the United States has directed his people not to give us any  information and not to respond to any subpoenas, whatever the rationale  may be.   Why?   Because he believes the House of Representatives is not acting  properly.   Mr. Speaker, you imagine anybody who doesn't want to give us  information would say, I am not going to give it to you because you are  not asking properly?   Of course, that is what they do; and the House, on behalf of the  American people, would be unable to perform its constitutional duty.  This is not political. It is constitutional. It is about separation of  powers. It is about responsibility. It is about accountability.   The House is exercising its responsibility to uncover all the facts  and discover the truth on behalf of the American people. We represent,  each us, about 750,000 people. We are not asking on our own behalf. We  are asking for the people, so that the people have the information they  need in a democracy to make the decisions that they are called upon to  make in a very solemn exercise we call voting.   Attorney General Barr and former White House Counsel McGahn have both  refused to respond to subpoenas to testify before the House, and the  Attorney General refuses to allow Congress to see the full and  unredacted report by the special counsel, Mr. Mueller. You can see  entire pages blacked out, Mr. Speaker.   The Attorney General's efforts to prejudge the conclusions of that  report before it is released, as he did, and his public  mischaracterization of its conclusions are, in my opinion, evidence of  the contempt with which he refuses to answer questions and respond to  subpoenas. It seems contemptuous as well of the basic principles of the  rule of law and checks and balances.   The American people deserve to know the full extent of Russia's  efforts to interfere in our elections and subvert our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, you didn't have to listen too closely to Bob Mueller to  understand that he believed that there was much more to be found or to  miss the fact that he said to Congress: Do your duty and make sure the  American people know the facts.   The American people deserve to know whether the President or anyone  in his administration or inner circle of confidants were involved and  tried to cover it up.   Now we have been accused of doing awful things, but I remember  watching conventions where they said, ``lock her up, lock her up.''  Flynn--General Flynn--who was the National Security Advisor said:  ``Lock her up.''   Well, the fact is they locked him up, and many others who were  associated who lied about their involvement with the Russian Government  and, yes, with other foreign countries. So there is reason for the  Congress to want to get to the bottom of this serious invasion of our  election process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand  up for our Constitution and vote for this resolution. I thank the  chairman of the Rules Committee, Mr. McGovern. I thank Chairman Nadler,  Chairman Schiff, Chairman Cummings, Chairman Neal, Chairman Engel, and  Chairwoman Waters, all who have jurisdiction over various facets of the  information that is needed, and I thank the members of their committees  for their hard work to conduct necessary oversight on behalf of the  American people.   Mr. Speaker, that is what this vote is about. I presented that card.  It has no party designation on it. It just has a designation of us-- each of us--as Representatives of the people. Let us make sure that  today we vote for the people and stand up for our Constitution, for  this House, and for the rule of law.   