 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the  fiscal year 2020 Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations Act.   The legislation before the House today is vitally important to  ensuring the Federal Government and the U.S. economy can work for the  American people. This bill safeguards our financial system and provides  a fair playing field for our taxpayers. It funds those agencies that  cultivate a vibrant and competitive telecommunications system that  support new businesses and that make sure our consumers are safe from  dangerous and defective products.   Perhaps more importantly, this bill helps protect the integrity of  our elections. As has been illustrated over the last few years, it is  imperative that we provide the States with the resources to ensure the  sanctity of our democratic institution. This bill includes $600 million  in grant funding for election security grants and, additionally, $16.2  million is included for the Election Assistance Commission operating  expenses, an increase of $7 million above the 2019 enacted level.   I am also pleased that this legislation includes a total of $2.6  billion for Taxpayer Services, which provides assistance to the elderly  and low-income taxpayers to help navigate our complex Tax Code, as well  as increases in funding to address the growing tax gap.   Further, the legislation rejects the administration's elimination of  the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, a successful  program that leverages public-private investment to revitalize and  provide jobs to distressed rural and urban communities.   This bill also further embodies our democratic mode of government by  supporting home rule for the District of Columbia.   Finally, I thank Chairman Quigley for rejecting the administration's  misguided plan to merge the GSA and OPM. The GSA manages our Federal  properties, while OPM acts as the chief human resources agency for our  Federal workforce.   The administration's unilateral proposal to merge these two agencies  without any analysis of cost, rationale, or risk would disrupt both  agencies without contributing to their mission. It would potentially  politicize our Federal career employees and create confusion and  bureaucracy for no discernable reason.   To close, I would like to thank full Committee Chairwoman Lowey,  Ranking Member Granger, Subcommittee Chairman Quigley, and Ranking  Member Graves for their work on this bill.   As a member of the House Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations Subcommittee, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support this legislation.    Mr. Chair, I can tell my colleagues with great  confidence that USDA's proposal to move the Economic Research Service  (ERS) and the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) outside  the National Capital Region is a bad idea.   We held a hearing on the issue last March, at which four former  senior USDA officials with 70 years of combined experience at the two  agencies, from both parties, expressed their deep opposition to this  proposal.  [[Page H5133]]    Numerous stakeholders have expressed strong opposition, including the  National Farmers Union, the Association of American Veterinary Colleges  and nearly 1700 other organizations, university officials, and  individuals from 47 states.   We have not received a single letter in support of this proposal.   USDA violated the Appropriations Committee's statutorily-required 30- day waiting period for such proposals when it took action to implement  the proposal six days after notifying the Committee.   It failed utterly to comply with the requirements of the conferees in  the 2019 omnibus appropriations report to submit all cost benefits for  the move and a detailed analysis of any research benefits of a  relocation when it submitted the 2020 budget.   USDA has also refused numerous requests from members of the House and  Senate that it provide the original cost-benefit analysis developed  before the proposal was announced.   It finally gave us a so-called ``cost-benefit analysis'' after the  final site was selected.   But an independent analysis of this supposed analysis found that  ``USDA leadership failed to follow federal guidelines for the benefit  cost analysis'' and that ``the move to Kansas City will cost taxpayers  between $83 and $182 million dollars, rather than saving them $300  million dollars.''   Large numbers of ERS and NIFA employees have left as a result of this  proposal.   I fear that ultimately, these agencies will become mere shadows of  their former selves, with the loss of hundreds of years of expertise.   These agencies' mission is to achieve the best science through  research that advances U.S. agriculture and our understanding of the  agricultural economy.   I believe that the Department's proposal puts that mission at great  risk.   I urge a yes vote on the Norton amendment.   