 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of my  straightforward, commonsense amendment, which will increase funding for  veterans treatment court programs and help ensure that veterans have  access to the resources they deserve to successfully reintegrate into  their communities.   As a Nation, we have a responsibility to ensure that the brave men  and women who are wounded, either physically or psychologically, in  service to our Nation receive the care that they deserve.   Veterans treatment courts do just that by assisting veterans involved  in the criminal justice system who are experiencing post-traumatic  stress, traumatic brain injury, sexual trauma, mental health symptoms,  or substance abuse as a result of their military service.   Studies show that these programs work. Through a coordinated system  of treatment, community support, and peer-to-peer mentorship, they are  able to reduce recidivism and increase participating veterans' overall  quality of life.   Through the Bureau of Justice Assistance, the DOJ provides local  court systems with the financial and technical assistance they need to  develop and implement their own treatment courts.   My amendment would increase funding for this program by $2 million so  that Federal assistance is available to more courts like those in  Beaufort or the recently established program in Charleston.   This is particularly important to the Lowcountry, because my district  has one of the highest concentrations of veterans in the country. As  their representative in Congress, I have made it my mission to ensure  that they have the support that they have earned.   Mr. Chair, I want to ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  join me in supporting my amendment as well as the underlying  legislation.   Mr. Chair, in closing, I would like to thank Chairman Serrano and the  members of the subcommittee for their work in constructing this  important legislation which will allow us to make strides towards  addressing gun violence, supporting law enforcement, and investing in  important scientific research. I also want to thank Chairman McGovern  and my colleagues on the Rules Committee for allowing this important  amendment to come to the floor.   Mr. Chair, to ensure that veteran treatment courts in the Lowcountry  and across the country can continue to provide this essential service  to our Nation's veterans, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my  straightforward, commonsense amendment to the Commerce-Justice-Science  appropriations bill that blocks all fiscal year 2020 funding for NOAA  to approve seismic air gun blasting in the Atlantic. These approvals  are called Incidental Harassment Authorizations, or IHAs.   In order for companies to receive permits for seismic exploration  from BOEM, they must first have authorization through NOAA to conduct  activities that harm or disturb marine mammals, such as whales.   NOAA issued five IHAs in November of last year, which are currently  being challenged in court in South Carolina by 10 States, 16 towns, and  various conservation and business groups. If the judge finds these IHAs  unlawful, my amendment would prevent NOAA from reauthorizing these  approvals for seismic air gun blasting in the Atlantic.   Additionally, my amendment would prevent NOAA from approving new  applications for seismic surveys that would expose marine mammals to  one of the loudest man-made noises in the oceans today.   Seismic air guns create an underwater blast louder than all but  military-grade explosives. Companies fire air guns as often as every 10  seconds for days, weeks, sometimes even months on end. This can have  impacts  [[Page H4896]]  across the entire ecosystem, from marine mammals, to fish, to plankton.   In addition to being harmful in its own right, seismic blasting is a  key step towards this administration's ultimate goal: bringing drilling  rigs to the South Carolina coast and elsewhere up and down the Atlantic  seaboard.   Offshore drilling activities anywhere in the Atlantic Ocean are a  threat to hardworking Americans, coastal economies, and abundant marine  life. And communities up and down the coast have made it very clear  where they stand on this issue. They don't want drilling off their  coasts and they don't want seismic exploration for oil and gas  resources.   My amendment to the Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations bill can  help protect the Atlantic Coast from a future of expanded offshore  drilling and unnecessary, unwanted seismic testing.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, as the designee of Mr. Moulton, I have an  amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise again because there is no time to  waste when it comes to protecting the North Atlantic right whale, a  species whose calving and migratory grounds are right off the coast of  my district.   By even the most generous estimates, there are fewer than 420 right  whales left in the ocean. Without immediate Federal action, the right  whale could become extinct in the next two decades.   Humans have killed nearly every right whale in existence through our  direct and indirect actions over the past two centuries.   Today we are at a crossroads. We have a choice. We can be the  generation that saves the right whale or the generation that allows  their extinction. We can act right now by adopting this amendment. It  will provide targeted investments so we can better understand how both  right whales and East Coast economies can thrive.   This is a unique opportunity. Few people in the history of the Earth  have had the ability to help a species survive. In fact, the opposite  is true. From the passenger pigeon to the western black rhinoceros,  humans have driven the extinction of iconic species through centuries  of choices.   It is a choice to hunt the right whale to near extinction. It is a  choice to jeopardize the right whale by drilling off our coast or  harmful seismic air gun blasting. And tonight it is a choice to protect  the right whale and the hundreds of thousands of jobs up and down the  East Coast that rely on the healthy ecosystem that the right whale  creates.   Let's be the generation of leaders that chooses to bring the right  whale back from the brink.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their support on this issue. I  want to single out my friend from across the aisle Mr. Rutherford, as  well as Mr. Huffman and Mr. Grijalva for their leadership on this issue  at the Natural Resources Committee. I also want to thank Mr. Moulton  for the opportunity to offer this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   