 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the more you look at the Green New Deal,  the worse it looks. Last week, one think tank released a first estimate  of what the Green New Deal would cost. Here is the answer: between $51  trillion and $93 trillion over 10 years. Between $51 trillion and $93  trillion. That is an unfathomable amount of money. The 2017 gross  domestic product for the entire world, for the whole planet, came to  $80.7 trillion--more than $10 trillion less than what Democrats are  proposing to spend on the Green New Deal.   Mr. President, $93 trillion is more than the amount of money the U.S.  Government has spent in its entire history. Since 1789, when the  Constitution went into effect, the Federal Government has spent a total  of $83.2 trillion. That is right--it has taken us 230 years of American  history to spend the amount of money the Democrats want to spend in 10  years. Look at it this way: $93 trillion is enough money to buy more  than 7,000 Ford-class aircraft carriers. To put that in perspective,  guess how many aircraft carriers the Navy currently has in its entire  fleet. Eleven.   It is like the Democrats are playing pretend. It is like they are on  a road trip, and they are trying to pass the time, and they say, ``What  would you do if you won the lottery?'' or ``What would you do if you  had all the money in the world?'' It is a fun game to play for a few  minutes, but this is not a game. The government doesn't have all the  money in the world. That $93 trillion is going to have to come from  somewhere.   Democrats like to suggest that we can pay for it and pay for just  about anything simply by taxing the wealthy, but the truth is, taxing  the wealthy or even the merely well-off isn't going to pay for this  proposal. Taxing all the millionaires in the United States at a 100- percent tax rate for 10 years wouldn't add up anywhere close to $93  trillion. Taxing every household making more than $200,000 a year at a  100-percent tax rate for 10 years wouldn't get Democrats anywhere close  to $93 trillion. Let's take it a step further. Taxing every family  making more than $100,000 a year at a  [[Page S1674]]  100-percent tax rate for 10 years would still leave Democrats far short  of $93 trillion.   The Green New Deal is not a plan that can be paid for merely by  taxing the rich. Actually implementing the Green New Deal would involve  taking money not just from the well-off but from working families--and  not a little bit of money either. Ninety-three trillion dollars breaks  down to over $650,000 per household over 10 years. That is more than  $65,000 per household, per year--more that the median household income  in the United States. In other words, the cost per household for just 1  year of the Green New Deal is more than the yearly income of 50 percent  of American households.   Let's leave aside the stratospheric cost for just a minute and talk  about the other consequences of the Green New Deal.   Democrats' Green New Deal would put the government in charge of a  large portion of the economy and significantly shrink Americans'  freedom. Under this bill, the government will impose new and stringent  regulations on your appliances, your car, your house, and your place of  business. It will limit your electricity options. It will put the  government in charge of your healthcare. I know that is not really  energy-related, but the Green New Deal's authors went beyond energy to  include a full socialist wish list.   Your options for travel may be limited. A fact sheet released--and  later deleted--by one of the authors of the Green New Deal called for a  plan to ``build out high-speed rail at a scale where air travel stops  becoming necessary.'' Well, that might work between DC and Boston, but  it is not going to work so well if you have family in Hawaii. I don't  think the high-speed rail is going to reach that far. I would say that  you could make the trip by passenger ship, but, of course, we don't  know whether ships as we know them would exist under the Green New  Deal. After all, the plan's authors want to eliminate fossil fuels,  which power ships, as well as your car and your home.   Incidentally, while we are on the subject, it is worth mentioning  that the Governor of California recently scaled back California's high- speed rail project. Why? Because it was costing too much money.   Under the Green New Deal, if you like your car, you probably won't be  able to keep it. If you like your healthcare, you probably won't be  able to keep it. If you like your house, you may not be able to keep  that either. That same fact sheet from one of the Green New Deal's  authors says that we need to ``upgrade or replace every building in  [the] U.S.''   There is no question that we need to protect our environment. There  is no question that we should be developing clean energy sources and  building on our existing clean energy technologies. I would tell the  Chair that my home State of South Dakota is leading the way on this  issue. In fact, my colleagues may be surprised to know that according  to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, South Dakota generates  an average of two-fifths to half of its electricity from hydroelectric  facilities along the Missouri River. Combined with our abundant wind  generation, which provides roughly 30 percent of our electricity, South  Dakota's net utility-scale energy generation is over 75 percent  renewables.   I am proud of South Dakota's renewable energy achievements, and I  think we should be encouraging improved domestic energy production,  increasing America's renewable energy supply, and reducing consumption  through improved deficiencies. What we should not be doing is adopting  a wildly irresponsible, completely unworkable, and utterly unrealistic  proposal that would drive taxes through the roof, reduce Americans'  standard of living, and permanently damage our economy.   We are going to be voting on the Democrat's Green New Deal proposal  in the coming weeks, and it will be interesting to see where all of my  colleagues stand on this socialist fantasy.   You just heard the Democratic leader, the Senator from New York, say  that it is a gimmick and we shouldn't be voting on this. It is the  first time I think I have ever heard a leader of one of the parties  here in the Senate come forward and say that we shouldn't vote on  something that 11 of his Democratic colleagues have cosponsored. He  doesn't want to vote on a piece of legislation that is put forward by  11 Democrats here in the Senate.   Well, I think it is important for the American people to know. I  think it is important for Members of the Senate to go on record on  whether they think this is a good idea or whether they think, as I  think most Americans would believe, this is a crazy idea that would  wreck the economy, cost Americans' jobs, and punish working families in  this country with higher costs for literally everything they face in  their daily lives.   For the sake of our economy and for working families, I hope that  when this vote comes, at least some Democrats will slow their party's  headlong rush to become the Socialist Party and not what we have  historically known as the Democratic Party in this country.   I yield the floor.   