 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California for the  time and for her support of this legislation, and I thank Mr. Collins  from Georgia for his service and for his support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our Nation's veterans. Our  veterans distinguish themselves in service to our country, but that  distinction is too often recognized and preyed upon by scam artists.   H.R. 450, the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act, will close a  loophole in our criminal law and will give Federal law enforcement the  tools they need to crack down on financial fraud schemes that target  our veterans.   My friend, veteran, and former Congressman Tom Rooney introduced this  bill with me in the past two Congresses. It passed by a voice vote in  the 115th Congress and passed unanimously 411-0 in the 114th.   It is time to pass it again and to finally make it law to help our  veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to Representative Meadows for continuing  this important bipartisan work to protect America's veterans.   In a 2017 survey, AARP found that 78 percent of veterans receive scam  pitches specifically targeted to their military service. They also  found that 16 percent of veterans lost money to financial fraud over  the past 5 years, double the rate of nonveterans.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Greg Dover of Palm Beach County Veterans  Services, who sounded the alarm and helped fight for this important  legislation.   I have heard too many stories from south Floridians--veterans,  survivors, families, and their veterans service officers--who have been  taken advantage of through so-called pension poaching scams that target  the supplemental aid and attendance pension benefit.   In one case, a veteran responded to a solicitation with the hope of  securing additional pension benefits. He was met with a high-pressure  sales tactic in his own home. The sales representative tried to  convince him to apply for benefits that he didn't want and that he  wasn't eligible for.   In addition to filing an improper claim on the veteran's behalf, the  scammer lied and told the veteran that he was required to enter into a  long-term healthcare contract in order to receive the benefits.   Pension poachers comb through south Florida's senior communities to  look for targets. They gather residents for high-pressure sales pitches  to convince them to file inaccurate claims.   In one case, a scammer intentionally withheld spousal income from a  veteran's application to illegally unlock additional benefits. The  veteran paid excessive filing fees of over $600, but that wasn't the  worst of it. The VA eventually learned about the additional unreported  income. They learned that the veteran was not eligible, and they sought  to claw back nearly $50,000 in overpayments.   By the time the veteran faced financial ruin, the scammer had  disappeared and couldn't be found.   As our senior population continues to grow, aging veterans will  require assistance with activities of daily living that the veterans  aid and attendance benefit can provide. The application of financial  eligibility requirements offers an opportunity for scam artists to take  advantage of our most vulnerable American veterans with empty promises  and hidden consequences.   Veterans don't have to face benefit hurdles alone, but they shouldn't  be easy targets for criminals either.   This legislation will help law enforcement fight back against pension  poachers and other scammers. It will root out scam operations. And it  will protect our veterans from falling prey to these ploys.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to be there for our veterans, just  as they have been there for us. Please vote ``yes'' on this important  legislation.   