 Mr. Chair, I want to engage in a discussion because it  is extremely important here.   I thank my good friend, Mr. Turner, for raising some issues. Indeed,  we might be better off going to the museum and getting the Apollo  because the current Moon launch system isn't working too well, well  over budget and well delayed. But the issue at hand has to do with  these missiles.   There is clarity that this can be delayed. In one of our hearings,  General Clark said it can be refurbished once again.   Other hearings have provided information that the key here is the  command and control system, which is indeed antiquated and which indeed  must be refurbished and rebuilt. We ought to spend our time on that.   This amendment does not delay the ground-based system. What it does  is it gives us the information so that we can make an informed decision  about when to engage and spend the $100 billion to $150 billion on the  new ground-based missile system.    Mr. Chair, if you are around here long enough, your  mind can go in 1-minute sections, and I was right on the 1 minute and  15. I will try to close very quickly on this in the next few seconds.   Mr. Chair, this amendment doesn't stop the ground-based system from  going forward. It simply gives us, the decisionmakers, the opportunity  to make a very informed decision about when we must renew this system.   There is clear evidence, clear discussion in various areas, that an  additional period of time is available before we initiate and go full  bore into the new ground-based system. Let's get information. Let's get  knowledge.    Mr. Chairman, with enormous respect to my colleagues  who are opposed to this amendment, I think this amendment makes  enormous sense. It is $185 million of additional money that has been  requested in just the last couple of months to move this program  forward.   We ought to be very careful here because the NNSA is only 50 percent  sure that it is a $12 billion program. That is on the upside, not on  the downside. So we are talking about something very expensive.   It is unfortunate that we have divided this extraordinarily important  debate about the future of our nuclear systems into 5-minute segments.  This ought to be a 5-hour debate on the floor. I see my colleagues  nodding their head.   A fundamental question is being asked here about where we are going  with our nuclear enterprises. We do know this: We are in the midst of a  three-party nuclear arms race. And this one is going to be extremely  dangerous because the weapons are bigger; they are safer, to be sure,  but they are more likely to explode; and, finally, they are going to be  delivered by stealth technology.   Sad, but true, we need a 5-hour debate on this entire thing.    Mr. Chair, oh, my, we definitely need 5 hours. This is  extraordinarily important. In fact, it is the United States that  terminated its role in the INF Treaty when President Trump pulled out  of the treaty. Presumably, Russia is still in, although they are  clearly violating the treaty. We lost whatever leverage there may have  been.   We are now in the midst of, what I said a moment ago, one more stage  of a nuclear arms race. All of us better take a deep breath here and  begin some serious negotiations, because this time it is  extraordinarily dangerous.   In addition to that, please understand that our allies on whose land  these missiles may be placed are not in agreement that they should be  placed there, and so there really is no plan for the deployment, let  alone exactly how these missiles would be done.   By the way, we clearly have alternative ways of delivering nuclear  weapons: short-range, long-range, intercontinental ballistic missiles,  and most every other way except no longer in a briefcase or in a  projectile, fortunately.   So it is not harmful to delay this. It is not harmful to make sure  that our allies are in sync with us as to how they may be deployed.   