 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 648,  legislation to reopen and responsibly fund the government, including  the Departments of Transportation and of Housing and Urban Development.   This bill reflects the various conference agreements that were  reached on a bipartisan, bicameral basis late last year. The chairman  at the time of our Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee, my friend, Mr. Diaz-Balart, was an  excellent partner through this process. We worked together with our  Senate counterparts to secure numerous priorities in the final package  that spoke to the good work done in both the House and Senate.   Unfortunately, the House and Senate leadership failed to bring this  legislation to the floor before the end of the 115th Congress, despite  unified Republican control of the branches of government. They failed  in September, and they failed again in December in the lame-duck  session. But, now, we do have a chance to rectify that mistake.   Division F of H.R. 648 funds DOT, HUD, and related agencies. It  includes $71.1 billion in discretionary funding, which is $23.1 billion  above the President's budget request and $1 billion above the fiscal  year 2018 enacted level.   This total includes more than $17 billion for new housing and  transportation infrastructure.   It includes billions of dollars of funding above the authorized level  to accelerate improvements in our aviation system, expand transit and  rail networks, replace aging highways and bridge infrastructure, and  make improvements at our Nation's ports.   The measure also includes robust funding to preserve and expand our  affordable housing stock, particularly for vulnerable populations like  veterans, seniors, and the disabled.   It locks in increases to flexible grant programs like Community  Development Block Grants and HOME that are vital for local governments  as they address housing and community development needs.   Just as important, this legislation would finally re-open DOT and HUD  and allow more than 20,000 furloughed employees of these departments to  receive backpay and to return to their mission serving the American  people.   In the last 3 weeks, the House has passed short-term continuing  resolutions to keep government open and allow more time to negotiate,  but that wasn't good enough for the President.   We have taken up funding legislation passed by the Senate almost  unanimously, and that wasn't good enough for Mitch McConnell to get to  yes.   Today we have the opportunity to fully fund the government with a  package that reflects bicameral and bipartisan priorities. It is time  for Republicans and President Trump to finally take yes for an answer.   The Trump shutdown has dragged on for more than a month, shuttering  vital government services and creating chaos and uncertainty for  families, businesses, and communities.   The President has taken DOT hostage, and the strain on our aviation  system is growing worse each day. The President has taken HUD hostage,  and housing contracts have lapsed putting tenants in jeopardy.   H.R. 648 would finally end the hostage-taking. It would ensure that  vital transportation and housing programs are funded for the rest of  this year. Meanwhile, a separate bill would temporarily fund the  Department of Homeland Security so that negotiations on border security  could continue.   H.R. 648 is the result of months of bipartisan collaboration. It  excludes problematic policy riders from both sides of the aisle. We  should pass this bill and re-open our government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense  approach and re-open the government without further delay.   