 Madam President, yesterday the American people finally  heard at length directly from Special Counsel Robert Mueller. In his  testimony before the House Judiciary Committee and the Intelligence  Committee, the special counsel gave voice to his report on Russian  interference in our 2016 Presidential election and President Trump's  obstruction of the investigation into it.   What the American people and I heard from Special Counsel Mueller was  an explanation and confirmation of the deeply troubling findings and  conclusions of his investigation and his written report. He told us  that the Trump campaign welcomed the help of a hostile foreign power,  Russia, to influence our 2016 election, accepted that help, lied  repeatedly about it, and benefited from it.   He confirmed that there was voluminous evidence that President Trump  had obstructed justice through his efforts to interfere with and impede  the special counsel's investigation. Most importantly, contrary to the  President's claims, the special counsel confirmed that his  investigation had not exonerated the President of the crime of  obstruction of justice. When asked, Robert Mueller made this crystal  clear,  [[Page S5085]]  testifying that ``the President was not exculpated for the acts that he  allegedly committed.''   In his testimony yesterday, Special Counsel Mueller did not back away  from any of his written report's findings. The American people saw and  heard him emphatically defend them.   Special Counsel Mueller, a decorated war hero, gave every single  American cause for deep alarm when he called Russian interference in  support of the Trump campaign ``among the most serious challenges'' to  American democracy that he had ever seen.   He agreed that it was ``unpatriotic'' and ``wrong'' to seek campaign  help from a foreign power, and he decried President Trump's failure to  acknowledge or respond to the systematic and sweeping Russian  interference, warning: ``They're doing it as we sit here.''   Yesterday, Donald Trump tried to defend himself in tweets while  Robert Mueller defended our democracy with his testimony.   The special counsel's testimony and events of the past few weeks have  led to the undeniable conclusion that it is time for the House of  Representatives to begin a formal impeachment proceeding against  President Trump.   I stand here today on the Senate floor, the place where an  unprecedented trial would occur, understanding the gravity of this  moment in our Nation's history. I stand here today because I believe we  have reached the moment where we must stand up for the survival of our  democracy.   Before I came to this decision, I said that I needed to hear directly  from Special Counsel Mueller and other witnesses, that Congress needed  to obtain documents, and that we needed to gather all the facts and  evidence.   I had hoped that the House Judiciary Committee's investigation would  get us answers to the questions about the President's obstructive  conduct that remained after Special Counsel Mueller issued his report.  I had hoped that the President, who continues to insist that he did  nothing wrong, would cooperate and that the House Judiciary Committee  would receive testimony and other evidence from the Trump campaign and  Trump administration witnesses. That has not happened, and that is  because of continued and deliberate Presidential obstruction.   Just listen to the numerous roadblocks that the President has put in  Congress's way since Special Counsel Mueller issued his report in  March. President Trump has denied the entire Congress access to the  full and unredacted version of the Mueller report and its underlying  materials.   President Trump has claimed that key witnesses, like former White  House Counsel Donald McGahn and former White House Communications  Director Hope Hicks, are immune from testifying or simply don't have to  comply with congressional subpoenas.   President Trump has opposed testimony from two of the special  counsel's top deputies and restricted the scope of the Mueller  testimony, and President Trump has vowed to fight any future  congressional subpoenas.   What we have seen from President Trump is a pattern of repeated and  baseless defiance of the House's constitutional authority to  investigate, especially subpoenas seeking evidence that the President  obstructed justice and abused his power.   The President has engaged in stonewalling that shows an unprecedented  disregard and contempt for a coequal branch of government under our  Constitution--disregard and contempt that would make Richard Nixon  blush with envy.   Taken together, Special Counsel Robert Mueller's testimony and the  President's obstruction of the congressional investigation compel us to  immediately begin a formal impeachment inquiry.   I do not come to this decision lightly. An impeachment proceeding  against the President of the United States is a matter of the highest  constitutional magnitude, but when the evidence demonstrates that the  President of the United States obstructed the special counsel's  investigation and when the facts and the evidence demonstrate that the  President of the United States is continuing to obstruct justice,  seeking to derail a legitimate congressional investigation into the  lawfulness of his conduct while in office, then Congress must do its  constitutional duty and act.   The acts of obstruction that Special Counsel Mueller described in his  report and in his testimony yesterday to Congress are impeachable  offenses--a view shared by myriad constitutional scholars, attorneys,  and prosecutors.   The President improperly pressed then-FBI Director James Comey to  drop the investigation of former National Security Advisor Michael  Flynn and, subsequently, fired Comey because of the Russia  investigation--confirmed yesterday by the special counsel's testimony.   The President unlawfully demanded that then-Attorney General Jeff  Sessions reverse his recusal from the Russia investigation and take  over the investigation--confirmed yesterday by the special counsel's  testimony.   The President engaged in witness tampering and falsification of  government records when he directed White House Counsel Don McGahn to  fire Robert Mueller and later pressured McGahn to deny that it had  happened--confirmed yesterday by the special counsel's testimony.   The President engaged in a coverup when he sought to prevent public  disclosure of evidence about the infamous June 9, 2016, Trump Tower  meeting--confirmed yesterday by the special counsel's testimony.   The President abused his constitutional authority by holding out the  prospect of pardons in exchange for witnesses' silence--confirmed  yesterday by the special counsel's testimony.   That Robert Mueller found so much evidence that this President  committed impeachable offenses might be shocking, but it should not be  surprising. After all, look at what we have learned about this  President during his 2\1/2\ years in office, what he is willing to say  and what he is willing to do.   Did an American President put family members in high-level White  House policy positions--positions requiring security clearances that  should never have been issued? Yes, he did.   Did an American President repeatedly show infatuation with and  express sympathy for authoritarian figures around the globe, most  notably Vladimir Putin, the man who interfered with the 2016 election  to President Trump's benefit? Yes, he did.   Did an American President face multiple, repeated, and credible  allegations of sexual assault by more than a dozen women--sexual  assault that he bragged about on tape? Yes, he did.   Did an American President become known as individual No. 1, in effect  an unindicted coconspirator on charges of Federal campaign finance law  violations that were brought against his lawyer, Michael Cohen, in New  York? Yes, he did.   Did an American President seek to divide Americans based on race,  religion, and ethnicity, directing racist language at elected Members  of Congress and urging others to celebrate that hate? Sadly, yes, he  did.   We have watched as Donald Trump has given the Constitution a stress  test, the likes of which we haven't seen in 230 years. We have watched  him attack judges and seek to intimidate the judiciary.   We have watched him disregard Congress's coequal role in government  under article I of the Constitution, whether by spending unappropriated  money on his border wall, relying on ``acting'' government officials to  eviscerate the Senate's advice and consent function, or ignoring  legitimate oversight requests.   We have watched the President sue Congress in order to block release  of his tax returns and refuse to disclose any meaningful information  about his business operations, especially sources of foreign investment  and loans, raising alarming questions about violations of the  Constitution's emoluments clause.   This President relishes attacking the freedom of the press and has  incited violence against journalists for exercising their First  Amendment rights.   Donald Trump is tearing at the fabric of our democracy, literally,  every single day. And yesterday, the Congress and the American people  heard the facts and evidence that Congress can and should act to hold  him accountable.   In the face of impeachable offenses, it is the Constitution that  entrusts the Congress with the responsibility of deciding whether to  remove a President of the United States from office for  [[Page S5086]]  high crimes and misdemeanors. Indeed, in the face of evidence of  serious and persistent misconduct that is harmful to the Nation,  Congress would be abusing its constitutional discretion and setting a  dangerous precedent if it did not begin an impeachment inquiry.   If the evidence of obstruction of justice and other wrongdoing that  Robert Mueller explained yesterday is not evidence of impeachable  offenses, what is? What damage would a future President have to inflict  in order to trigger an impeachment inquiry?   I have no illusions about where an impeachment inquiry will lead. My  Republican colleagues have thus far shown themselves unwilling to hold  this President accountable. They believe that everything is ``all  over.'' But the evidence in the Mueller report and the special  counsel's testimony yesterday explaining it, defending it, and  reaffirming it compel us to do what is right and what is necessary, and  that is to exercise our authority and begin an impeachment proceeding  against Donald Trump. Nothing less than our democracy is at stake. I  call upon my colleagues in the House of Representatives to do so.   I yield the floor.   