 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Wagner), and I ask unanimous consent that she may  control that time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in opposition to H.R. 3702, the Reforming Disaster Recovery  Act.   It gives me no pleasure to be in opposition to it, but, Mr. Speaker,  we all come to our conclusions based on the best information we have  available to us and our personal experience.   My home State of North Carolina has been victimized by four  hurricanes in 4 years, and our State and local officials have seen up  close how the Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery  program administered by HUD works. The answer is, not well at all.   Instead of fundamentally reforming the way we fund disaster recovery,  this bill essentially takes a broken process and makes it permanent.  Simply put, this bill would enshrine into law a regulatory quagmire.   Since 2017, Congress has appropriated roughly $37 billion to CDBG-DR.  Unfortunately, HUD's grant compliance and certification process for  this program are so needlessly complicated that States are forced to  divert money intended for victims of natural disasters just to navigate  the program and interact with HUD.   This is really key: A huge gap between disaster response and long- term disaster recovery is the result.   Long waits between disaster relief and long-term recovery efforts  increase the chance that people will not return to their homes or  communities or reopen their businesses, the lifeblood of small towns  and rural communities.   Under the current framework, the one this bill would codify, disaster  victims must make a tough choice. Do they wait forever for HUD to begin  disbursing these funds? Do they abandon their homes and businesses? Do  they take out a loan they will have to pay back? Or do they begin the  rebuilding process on their own, forsaking help from the Federal  Government that their neighbors who wait to begin the rebuilding  process will eventually get?   Mr. Speaker, victims should not have to make this choice. There  should be continuity between the immediate recovery resources that come  from FEMA and long-term recovery funds that help rebuild communities.   Delays caused by the current framework--the months-long Federal  Register notice process, the onerous grant program requirements, the  additional authorities this bill gives the Secretary of HUD to reject  grantees' action plans--ensure that there will be a long wait between  immediate disaster relief and long-term recovery.   Should we accept this fundamentally broken process as the best? The  answer, of course, is we shouldn't. Instead, let's work together to  fundamentally fix how we get funds to our communities and families in  need. Let's work to ensure taxpayer dollars are going where they are  needed most and in a timely manner.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this  legislation and working to overhaul our disaster relief efforts in a  commonsense way.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I have listened to the arguments. I have listened to my  good friend, Mr. Price from North Carolina. Obviously, he and I share  the same home State. And I think you just have to say that we all want  the same thing. We just have a different idea of how to get there.   Personally, when I look at the fact that Hurricane Matthew occurred  in 2016, Congress appropriated billions of dollars, and only a fraction  of that here in 2019--almost 2020, by the way--only a fraction of that  has gotten back to the victims. That is totally unacceptable.   We have Hurricane Florence which hit in 2018. Congress immediately  passed a disaster supplemental bill that, again, includes billions for  CDBG-DR. Have we seen anything? Not one bit. Not one dollar.   So why do we want to codify something that has been such an adamant,  complete total failure? It is kind of like taking a clunker and  repainting it and saying: Hey, here is the new car. It is going to work  even better than ever.   Mr. Speaker, I suggest that we scrap this vehicle and go a different  route. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   