 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for yielding to  me.   Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege to rise today in honor of  Energy Secretary Rick Perry, a devoted statesman, a proud Texan, and a  longtime friend of mine.   In his early years, Governor Perry became an Eagle Scout and was  taught what a strong work ethic looked like, and he has practiced it in  every office he has held since, and those are numerous.   I first met Rick Perry back when he was Agriculture Commissioner for  [[Page H8945]]  Texas in the mid-1990s. In the 25 years since, he and I have worked  together in various roles, including working together on the campaign  trail. As a matter of fact, Governor Perry appointed me to the Lower  Neches Valley Authority, where I served the State for many years. My  son Leif, a Navy SEAL, is also friends with Governor Perry's Navy SEAL  son-in-law.   I had the privilege of working with Rick Perry when he served as the  longest-serving Governor of Texas in history, where he successfully  earned the reputation as one of the most successful Governors that our  State has ever had.   While serving as Governor of the great State of Texas, he oversaw  incredible economic growth, low unemployment rates, low taxes, the  creation of thousands of jobs, and commonsense reform that has brought  tremendous success to our State. Texas has become a mecca for out-of- State Americans looking for jobs and prosperity.   His tremendous leadership in Texas and his role in the expansion of  America's energy sector helped carry him to the position of Secretary  of Energy, which he leads now with character and strength, expanding  our economy while protecting our environment.   I was proud to work alongside him on energy reform, and I will  continue to push strong energy policies that he has advocated for at  the Department of Energy.   Rick Perry has dedicated his life to the service of his State and  this country while living as a devoted man to God and to his family.   Mr. Speaker, I have the utmost respect for Governor Perry, for what  he has accomplished and the way in which he has done so.   May God bless him, his beautiful wife, Anita, and the rest of his  family, and may God bless Texas and the United States of America.   