 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished gentleman from  the great State of Maryland, for expeditiously bringing this piece of  legislation to the floor, because this is an important piece of  legislation that ensures all Federal employees receive backpay once  this government shutdown is over.   Last week, while flying back to Washington, I spoke with TSA agents  who were concerned about their paychecks and the uncertainty created by  this shutdown. Guaranteeing backpay is the least we can do to give more  certainty to almost a million Federal employees, including many in my  district, who are missing their first paycheck today. I understand  their concerns, because my pay is being withheld during the shutdown in  solidarity with Federal workers.   We all need to come together and find a bipartisan and realistic  solution to reopen the government. If we are going to talk about border  security, then the brave men and women who are on the ground every day  securing our border should get paid.   Border security and immigration have been a contentious issue for a  long time, but the only way we solve big problems here in Washington is  by working together. We need to push ``Pause'' on requesting specific  conditions before talks resume. We need to lay down our swords and be  willing to find not a Democratic solution nor a Republican solution,  but a solution for all Americans.   I urge my colleagues to stand with Federal workers and join me in  supporting this commonsense piece of legislation, which was passed  unanimously by the Senate last night.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am going to continue to reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am looking forward to working  with the distinguished gentleman from Maryland on making sure all  employees are whole.   I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I  yield myself the balance of my time to close.   As the distinguished gentleman from the Commonwealth of Virginia  said, we should make sure these Federal employees are made whole. These  are men and women who are making their own sacrifices to ensure that  our country continues to operate, and I would recognize and suggest to  all my colleagues to support this piece of legislation that passed  unanimously last night from the Senate.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   