 Madam President, I rise to discuss this urgent issue of  pensions and our legislative proposal to address this looming crisis.   I commend and salute the work of Senator Manchin, my colleague from  West Virginia, for his indefatigable work on this. There are probably a  few other words I could use for his determination over time, and not  just over months but literally now over years, as well as Senator  Kaine's, from Virginia, and Senator Brown's, who will follow me. We are  grateful for this combination of States coming together to stand up for  workers.   We know this discussion on the floor of the Senate takes place at a  significant time. The House Ways and Means Committee just passed the  bipartisan Butch Lewis Act, H.R. 397, on the 10th of July. The House is  taking much needed action, and it is long past time that the U.S.  Senate does the same.   In my home State, there is a whole group of workers. Obviously,  miners are a big part of this, the Teamsters, Bakery and Confectionery  Workers, all of whom, through no fault of their own, are seeing their  hard-earned pensions threatened. Failure to act could result in  devastating economic consequences to communities across both the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as well as throughout the Nation. Tens of  thousands of pensions of Pennsylvanians could be at risk, including-- and these are just some of the numbers--11,831 coal miners and 21,460  Teamsters.   Despite the challenges ahead, the good news is, we have bipartisan  legislation to deal with this pension crisis through the legislation  known as the Butch Lewis Act. The bill creates a loan program for  troubled pensions. It is a commonsense solution that brings the public  and private sectors together to address this crisis.   We must also pass legislation so we can address coal miner health and  pension benefits. Senator Manchin, as I referred to earlier, has shown  great leadership throughout this process. We want to thank all the  Senators who are with us today and others who are not with us on the  floor, necessarily, but are with us by way of supporting this  legislation.   We have a long way to go and a mountain to climb for several reasons.  There are a number of Senators around this Chamber who, on a regular  basis, when a multinational corporation needs help, will pull out all  the stops. They will overturn any stone. They will surmount any  barrier. They will fight through any wall of opposition or resistance.  That is the same kind of persistence and determination and resolve we  need for workers--in my case, whether it is a coal miner or a teamster  or a bakery and confectionery worker.   It is long past due that we bring the same sense of urgency to the  issues that involve workers as some here brought to corporate taxes.  Just by way of one example, we were debating the 2017--November 2017  and December 2017 tax bill. My God, there were lobbyists all over town  and people scurrying back and forth to make sure the corporate tax rate  came down, to make sure the rate a corporation was paying was lowered  substantially. In the end, they got more than they asked for, in my  judgment. What was supposed to flow from that was an abundance of jobs,  a rushing current of jobs, and wage growth was supposed to come from  that legislation. Of course, it didn't. Some of us are right about our  prediction--a prediction that we would not want to be right about, but  we were.   So if that kind of determination and concerted action and then the  legislative result that flowed from that can  [[Page S4894]]  be undertaken to help huge, multinational corporations, I think the  same effort should be undertaken on behalf of workers who earned these  pension benefits.   This isn't something extra. This isn't something new. This isn't  something other than an earned benefit, and for some of them, they  earned it in the most difficult way possible, by going underneath the  ground to mine coal year after year and, in some cases, decade after  decade.   Stephen Crane, the great novelist, wrote an essay in the early 1900s  or just around the turn of the century, I should say, about a coal mine  in my hometown of Scranton. He described all of the horrors, all of the  darkness. He described the ways a miner could die. He referred to it as  the ``hundred perils''--life-threatening. He described the mine in a  very moving way. He talked about the mine being a place of inscrutable  darkness, a soundless place of tangible loneliness--loneliness because  you can't see your hand in front of your face and loneliness, of  course, if you were injured on the job, or if you had an injury that  debilitated you, or if you, in fact, lost your life. Tens of thousands  of people lost their lives in mines.    I know that is a long time ago. I know we have made advancements, but  it is still hard work just as it is to do the other jobs I mentioned,  whether you are a teamster or a bakery and confectionery worker. Just  pick your particular work area or union.   So we have some work to do here, and we are going to have to fight  through a lot, but we are grateful we have some momentum and some sense  of urgency that may not have been there only weeks ago.   With that, I will yield the floor to my colleague from the State of  Ohio.   