 Mr. President, I also rise today to voice my strong support  for the President's nomination of Professor Richard Myers to serve as a  judge in the Eastern District of North Carolina. I might add for my  colleagues that it is the longest court vacancy in the history of our  court system. Professor Myers was reported out of committee on a strong  bipartisan vote on October 31. I am pleased that the Senate will today  consider his nomination.   I want to give my colleagues some additional insight into a man whom  we are asking them to vote on and that goes beyond his stellar legal  credentials. The first thing I want my colleagues to know is that  Professor Myers embodies a work ethic and diligence that we deserve in  all of our judges. As an immigrant of Kingston, Jamaica, Professor  Myers is a first-generation college student in his family. He worked  his way through his undergraduate degree at the University of  Wilmington, and after college he pursued a career in journalism. He  worked for the Wilmington Morning Star. It was his investigative  reporting that gave him the desire to earn his law degree. He graduated  magna cum laude at the University of North Carolina School of Law and  began a legal career as a clerk for Judge David Sentelle of the DC  Circuit Court of Appeals.   Second, Professor Myers will be a judge who understands the value of  public service, having made a career change from practicing at a  prestigious private firm to contributing to our Nation's justice system  following the attacks of September 11, 2001. He said that his change in  career ``was something I felt that I could do and that I owed to a  country that had been really good to my family.''   He did this first in the Central District of California and then in  the Eastern District of North Carolina. Professor Myers then took a  different path of service at the University of North Carolina at Chapel  Hill, instructing the next generation of lawyers to be people who, in  his own words, ``do the right thing every day.''   If confirmed, Professor Myers will serve on the Eastern District of  North Carolina and, as Senator Tillis said, will hold court in  Wilmington. Ironically, this court is currently meeting  [[Page S6873]]  in the building that once housed the Wilmington Morning Star, his first  job as a reporter. However, when considering Professor Myers' story, it  seems fitting that someone with the character, work ethic, and  servant's approach to life will be returning to the building of his  first post-college job wearing the robe of a Federal judge. I have  faith in Professor Myers' ability to do the right thing every day in  this critically important role, and I am grateful for the opportunity  to speak on his behalf to our colleagues. This is well-deserving, and  he will be an incredibly effective serving judge in our district court  system. I urge my colleagues to support him unanimously.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   