 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Newhouse).   Mr. Speaker, the Green New Deal is a bad deal for the people of  America. Just days ago, we passed $22 trillion in debt for which we  have no plan to begin paying off. The Green New Deal would only add  trillions more while simultaneously destroying the American economy,  which not only means families across our Nation would lose their  ability to sustain themselves, but it would also shut down the  innovation engine of the world.   The 27th District of Texas, which I represent, has a better approach.  We are home to a diverse energy portfolio, which includes wind,  nuclear, LNG, oil production--not to mention our fair share of cows and  airplanes.   We are home to a safe, reliable nuclear power plant in Matagorda  County that generates 2.7 gigawatts of power, and that is a power of  nearly 2 million Texas homes and businesses. It would take 8.4 million  solar panels to replace that kind of energy. Even President Obama's  Secretary of Energy said, ``It's just impractical.''   We are also home to the leading export energy port in the Nation. We  have been a great part in the success of what we have seen as a nation  of going from an energy-dependent nation to an energy-dominant nation.  And what that new American energy dominance means, it means global  stability and peace in the world as our allies are able to buy energy  from us rather than from countries who don't have our best intentions  in mind.   But as the world's need for energy grows, American companies are more  likely to care about being good stewards of our creation compared with  those from other energy-producing nations.   The United States cut carbon emissions by 14 percent since 2005 while  global emissions rose 26 percent over the same period. Of all the G20  countries, we have the best record recently on carbon emissions and  reductions.   In Texas our market-based approach to energy is leading the way even  as our economy continues to boom. Furthermore, a thriving economy is  absolutely essential to creating and deploying the innovative solutions  we need to face the environmental challenges of the future.   So when it comes to the Green New Deal, let's stop looking to  socialism for answers and start looking to places like Texas.   This Green New Deal would be devastating to American jobholders,  harmful to our allies around the world, and it is also  counterproductive to advancing protections to our environment.   Mr. Speaker, I will continue to firmly oppose this outlandish and  unrealistic idea.   