 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my well-wishes to  Governor Rick Perry. I think a lot has been said about his career, so I  will just share a few stories about him.   I was in the Texas House chamber when he gave his farewell address,  and he noted that he had served his first three terms in the Texas  House as a Democrat and had changed parties to become a Republican to  run for Texas Agriculture Commissioner. His comment was, ``I probably  made both parties happy,'' when he made that change, which I think was  a pretty funny comment. It certainly brought down that house.   I got to know Governor Perry when he was Agriculture Commissioner. I  had just graduated from high school, spent a gap year, spent some time,  in Austin, and I had the privilege of working for him as an intern in  his Intergovernmental Affairs Department. There, I learned that to  craft good policy, it takes time, effort, focus, and hard work.   I worked with him on NAFTA. I worked with him on aquaculture. I  worked with him on high-speed rail, where he asked me to go back and  double-check the numbers to make sure that he was making the right  decision when he became the first statewide elected official opposing  high-speed rail in Texas.   I was certainly a beneficiary, having represented Collin County for  almost a decade, for what Rick Perry has done for the Texas economy.  Between 2007 and 2014, in that 7-year period, Texas created 1.4 million  new jobs, more than the entire country combined.   Clearly, Rick Perry's efforts to keep taxation low, keep regulation  reasonable, and keep litigation at a minimum, those three things that  he drove over and over and over again--I think we can all remember how  many times he said that, whether it was on the stump, whether it was in  legislation, that he was trying to get these three things done, and how  successful our State has been as a result of that.   I will also share that Governor Perry had a special knack. He was a  very  [[Page H8946]]  smart man in many ways. The very first bill I filed in the Texas  Legislature was a bill to increase military voting. This bill was  something that I knew the Governor cared about because his staff would  ask about it occasionally.   I remember the second to last day in the legislative session of 2011.  I was literally walking across the floor of the Texas House, holding  the bill in hand. I saw Governor Perry out of the corner of my eye, and  he actually reached over and grabbed me, and he said: Where's my bill?   I said: The bill I am holding, Governor?   He said: Good. Go get it filed with the clerk.   And I went in and filed it.   It was that kind of ability to know intuitively what he needed to  focus on and how he needed to focus on it that I think made him such an  effective leader and one that we all respect.   We are so grateful for Governor Perry's service. We are so grateful  that Anita would lend him to us and for the service that he has given  to our State and to our Nation. We are all truly grateful for him.   Mr. Speaker, I say to Governor Perry: Partner, we will see you over  the next ridge.   