 Mr. President, as Senator Murray noted, 100 people die  from gunshot wounds every single day. We can't go 24 hours without news  of another mass shooting somewhere in America. My kids and millions of  others hide in corners of their classrooms or in their bathrooms  preparing for a mass shooting at their school, and this body does  nothing about it.   The good news is, we have a piece of legislation that enjoys 95  percent support in the American public and will undoubtedly make an  enormous impact on gun violence rates in this country.   I will give more extensive remarks after I make this unanimous  consent request, but my request will be that the Senate immediately  take up H.R. 8, the universal background checks bill which was passed  in a bipartisan way in the House of Representatives and which has  received no action, no debate here in the U.S. Senate since that time.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 29, H.R. 8;  further, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I appreciate the good-faith objection from  my friend from Mississippi, but the good news that I can convey to her  is that my Republican Senate friends who want to have some impact into  the consideration of the future of American gun laws have ample  opportunity to do that because they are in the majority.   Senate Republicans control the Judiciary Committee. Senator McConnell  can decide to bring any measure to the floor. If the concern is that  there hasn't been enough Republican input into the question of whether  criminals or terrorists or people who are seriously mentally ill get  guns, then, convene a discussion on this, bring a debate to the floor,  have a process in the Judiciary Committee. Don't just stay silent. It  doesn't pass the straight-face test to come down here and say: Well, we  can't take up H.R. 8, despite the fact it has 90 percent public  approval because we haven't had input on it. You are in the majority.  You have the ability to pass legislation that you support and that  Democrats can support as well.   The idea that we are just going to sit here and twiddle our thumbs  week after week as 100 people are killed by guns through suicides and  homicides and accidental shootings is an abdication of our basic  responsibility as U.S. Senators. There is nothing that matters more to  our constituents than their physical safety.   There are kids who are walking to school in cities in every single  State in this Nation who fear for their lives, whose brain chemistry is  changed by the trauma they go through because of that fear for their  safety, and they can't learn, they can't cope, and they can't build  strong relationships.   My kids go through active shooter drills at school because they, in  fact, expect that someday someone will walk through their doors and  start firing a military-style assault weapon in one of their  classrooms.   I get it that there is a difference of opinion on exactly how we  should expand background checks. I understand that maybe my Republican  colleagues don't want to support H.R. 8. But you are in the majority.  You have the ability to lead a conversation that can find that common  ground on expanding background checks.   I am not going to accept this argument that we can't bring H.R. 8 to  the floor because we have some concerns about it. I can't get a piece  of legislation to the floor any other way than to offer this motion.   The American public is not going to accept silence from this body  week after week, month after month, in the face of this epidemic  carnage that is happening across this country. Parents know their kids  aren't safe, and they expect us to act.   The President's Attorney General said the other day that we made some  progress on the issue of background checks over the summer, but now we  have the impeachment proceedings, and so that stops all of this  discussion.  [[Page S6585]]  That is not true. The impeachment proceedings right now are in the  House of Representatives. The discussion on the future of a background  checks bill was in the Senate. It was happening between myself and  Senator Manchin and Senator Toomey. We are still at the table, ready to  negotiate a compromise version of the Background Check Expansion Act.  We, frankly, have lots of time on our hands in the Senate because we  are not doing anything other than approving an appointee here, a judge  there. We have plenty of time. We have plenty of bandwidth in the  Senate to negotiate with the White House over a universal background  checks bill.   You can't say that we can't take up H.R. 8 because we haven't had  input. Republicans are in charge. You have the ability to have as much  input as you want. The White House can't say the impeachment is  stopping a debate on background checks from happening. I am ready to  talk. Senator Toomey is ready to talk. Senator Manchin is ready to  talk.   We have evidence from this summer about how important universal  background checks are. On the last day of August, a gunman fled from  police in Odessa, TX. He hijacked a U.S. Postal Service van. He killed  its driver and then randomly fired on people as he drove through the  streets. During his shooting spree, the gunman killed seven people and  wounded over 20 others--a reign of terror throughout the streets of  this Texas town.   The current background checks law worked as it was intended to work.  The shooter tried to buy a gun in January 2014, but he was denied. Why?  Because he had been found to be so seriously mentally ill when he was  committed to an inpatient institution that his name was placed on the  list of individuals who were prohibited from buying weapons.   The problem is, Texas doesn't have universal background checks,  meaning that it was as easy as pie for the shooter, after he got denied  a gun purchase at a brick-and-mortar store, to just go find a private  seller who would sell him a military-style weapon without a background  check. In this case, it resulted in 20 people getting hurt and seven  people being wounded--this easy way to find loopholes through the  Nation's background check system. But that happens every single day.  Every single day, somebody buys a gun at a gun show or online or  through a private sale because that is the way they can get a gun  without having to go through a background check.   I am deeply troubled. I am profoundly aggrieved by my body's  reluctance to even take up a conversation about the future of gun  policy in this country. I wish there wasn't an objection. I wish we had  an opportunity to be able to discuss the future of background checks  and the future of our gun laws on the Senate floor. Our constituents  expect us to have that debate.   This will not be the last time we come down to the floor to try to  force a debate, to force a conversation in this body so that we can  find bipartisan consensus on an issue that enjoys 95 percent public  support, 80 percent support from gun owners, and 70 percent support  from NRA members. There is almost nothing else that is less  controversial in America today than the issue of universal background  checks, and we will continue to press that case on behalf of the  American people.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  five interns in my office be granted floor privileges for the remainder  of the year: Madison Malin, Chris Brown, Britt Jacovich, Devon Bradley,  and Alanna Van Nostrand.   