 Madam President, I rise to speak about the pending  nominations. I will have comments on both.   First, I ask unanimous consent that both sets of remarks appear in  separate parts of the Record that are relevant to those nominations.    Mr. President, I want to say a few words about the  nomination of Janet Dhillon to be Chair of the Equal Employment  Opportunity Commission, which we know by the shorthand EEOC. I will  vote against her nomination. I have voted against it in the past in  committee.   But let me tell you about the EEOC. We need a little reminder of this  once in a while. It is a bipartisan Commission that for decades has  worked to protect American workers from discrimination in the  workplace--all kinds of discrimination.   Many lawyers know that if you bring an action in a State court or in  a Federal court, the first step is that you have to go through all of  your administrative remedies. So if you bring a Federal lawsuit or a  civil action based upon discrimination, the first thing you have to do  is to go to the EEOC. Before you can get to a Federal district court,  you have to go through the EEOC. So it becomes the first court, in  essence. It is not technically a court, but it becomes the first place  you go to have your ``discrimination in the workplace'' claim  considered.   During that time, since the founding or the beginnings of the EEOC,  people in both parties in the Senate have worked together to move  forward nominees from both parties in tandem so the Commission could  continue its essential work.   Today this bipartisan process is being cast aside by the majority in  the Senate because no Democratic nominee is being considered along with  Janet Dhillon, who has been proposed by the administration. My  colleagues in the majority have decided to abandon this bipartisan  cooperation.   We know that the EEOC plays a critical role in protecting workers  from all forms--all forms--of workplace discrimination and in ensuring  that all workers have equal access to employment opportunities.   Another point that is important is that the EEOC is currently in the  middle of collecting data on pay gaps faced by women in the workplace,  and the EEOC's leadership is badly needed so that we can work to  eliminate workplace sexual harassment--still a big problem where we  have a long way to go.   So instead of working with Democrats to make their sure that all-- all--EEOC positions are filled so the Commission can undertake this  work, the majority is instead working only to advance the Republican  nominees put forward by the White House.   This is not how the Senate should work. It certainly is not how the  Senate should work as it relates to the EEOC, and the most significant  losers here are American workers. They will pay the price because of  the EEOC not having more nominations that are bipartisan.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this week, we know that the Senate is  considering the nomination of Michael Park, who has been nominated by  the President to serve on the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.  I have a number of concerns with Mr. Park's nomination and his record.  I will highlight just one that I think is a major concern for many  Americans.   In 2011, Mr. Park submitted an amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme  Court, arguing that the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion was  unconstitutional. That is the argument he made. He claimed that the  Medicaid expansion provision coerced States into accepting a ``greatly  enlarged Medicaid program.'' I will come back to that later because  those words are important. The rationale for this, he asserted, was  that these States could not realistically opt out. Obviously, I  disagree with his argument, and I disagree with his rationale. Yet I  want to talk about the program and, more importantly, the people who  will be affected by his point of view on this policy if he is to be  successful in his arguments.   If he is to be confirmed, I have a real concern about how he will  make decisions as a judge as they relate to healthcare, Medicaid  expansion, and related topics.   So I am not going to go through the legal arguments, but I do want to  talk about Medicaid expansion, the importance of it, and the people it  helps. Everyone here knows that Medicaid itself has been a program that  we have enjoyed the benefits of for more than 50 years. Right now,  about 75 million people are covered by Medicaid. Approximately 17  million of those individuals are eligible because of Medicaid  expansion. So millions of people got healthcare because of the Medicaid  expansion part of the Affordable Care Act.   Medicaid itself covers 38 percent of the 1.9 million people younger  than age 65 who are battling an opioid addiction. So 38 percent of the  1.9 million people are helped who are in the grip of that addiction.  That affects every State, every community, and, increasingly, virtually  every family, or at least we all seem to know someone who has been  adversely impacted by an opioid addiction or a substance use disorder  issue.   So 38 percent is almost 4 in 10. So 4 in 10 people who need that help  are benefiting from Medicaid itself because of Medicaid expansion.   A lot of politicians in Washington tried to convince people, both  here and around the country, that Medicaid was about some other person  over there, some person that you didn't know, some person that you may  not have to be too concerned about, or so the argument went--that  Medicaid was not about you or your family. It was about some other  person. The implicit message was this: Don't worry about them. They  probably don't need it, and you can vote for repeal and everything will  be OK for the country.   Well, we know now better than ever, probably, in the last 2 years  since that debate and the ongoing debate we had starting in 2017 and a  debate, frankly, that has been playing out over many years, that  Medicaid is not a program for someone else. It is an ``us'' program.  Medicaid is about us, about who we are as a country. It tells us a lot  about our values--whom we value, for whom we will fight, and whom we  stand up for.   Medicaid provides coverage--basically, if you wanted to simplify it-- for three groups of Americans: seniors, kids, and people with  disabilities.   In my home State of Pennsylvania, Medicaid could be simplified this  way. It is an oversimplification, but it is a good way to describe it  in numerical terms. Medicaid is a 40, 50, 60 program--40, 50, 60,  pretty easy to remember.   Forty percent of all the births in Pennsylvania--the national number  is actually higher--and roughly 40 percent of all the kids in our State  have Medicaid. The 50 is when you look at this through the lens of  individuals with disabilities--certainly, for children with  disabilities. It is actually 54 percent of children with disabilities  in Pennsylvania who get Medicaid. It is a big number, and those  families don't want to hear talk of repeal or talk of eliminating  Medicaid expansion or talk of in any way undermining Medicaid itself.   How about 60? Where does the 60 come in the 40, 50, 60 equation? The  60 are people in nursing homes. So there are a lot of families out  there who may not have realized before but certainly after 2017 and  2018 that their loved one--their mom or their dad or their grandparent  or relative, or their grandmother or grandfather--was getting into a  nursing home in many cases solely--solely--because of the Medicaid  Program. They couldn't get there any other way. They couldn't afford it  unless you could shell out tens and tens of thousands of dollars a year  for long-term care.   So Medicaid affects that many people just in Pennsylvania--literally  millions in our State. That is just one State. The numbers are very  similar across the country.   The exact numbers for Medicaid expansion in Pennsylvania exceed  700,000. So after the Affordable Care Act was passed and then  implemented after 2010, over the course of several years we gained  coverage in Pennsylvania of over 1.1 million people--a big number.   Unfortunately, because of the administration's sabotage over the last  2 years, that number has gone down. It is still above 1.1 million, but  it is going down.   The Medicaid expansion part of that, of course, was over 700,000  people.  [[Page S2724]]    Now comes the administration's budget--this current budget proposal  by the administration, which I predict will be rejected by the  Congress. But we have to make sure it gets rejected because one of the  proposals in that budget is to cut Medicaid by a trillion and a half-- $1.5 trillion--over 10 years.   The other reality here is that the official Republican position on  the Affordable Care Act and related issues is that they, the Republican  Members of Congress, want to eliminate Medicaid expansion over time-- not just to cut it, not to change it, but to eliminate it. They want to  eliminate Medicaid expansion, and, of course, based upon the $1.5  trillion proposed cut, along with other proposals, one after another,  they want to cut Medicaid itself.   So when Mr. Park uses words like his concern about the Medicaid  expansion being greatly enlarged Medicaid programs, or the program  itself, overall, I worry what he might do as a judge, not just on  Medicaid expansion, but what he might do and decisions he might make  based upon Medicaid itself.   So my original concerns about his arguments about the Affordable Care  Act are now greatly and significantly increased because of what he has  said about Medicaid itself, indirectly saying that he is not sure  whether Medicaid itself would be worthy of the kind of support that it  is going to require over time.   So I have real concerns on Medicaid.   