 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters so very much  for the opportunity to speak on this bill.   I am very pleased that the House is taking up the Merchant Mariners  of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act, H.R. 550.   I am proud to have worked on this bipartisan legislation with my  original cosponsors, Representative   Don Young of Alaska and  Representative Susan Brooks, who I see is joining us here on the floor,  finally getting this bill to the floor this session.   This is not the first session. Five years of work have brought us to  this point, three Congresses. Mrs. Brooks, last year, carried this, and  we got it out of this House and then to the Senate. My hope is that the  Senate will finally send this bill to the President's desk so it can be  signed into law.   Our bill would award the Congressional Gold Medal to our American  merchant mariners who served during World War II, including those who  made the ultimate sacrifice.   Following the award of this medal, given to the American merchant  mariners who served during World War II, it will be on display at the  American Merchant Marine Museum at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in  Long Island, New York. It will be there displayed in honor of our  Nation's merchant mariners.   In 1944, Franklin Delano Roosevelt said that the Merchant Marines had  ``delivered the goods when and where needed in every theater of  operations and across every ocean in the biggest, the most difficult  and dangerous transportation job ever undertaken.''   Indeed, the Merchant Marines suffered the highest per capita casualty  rate of any other branch of the U.S. Armed Forces during World War II.  As said earlier, 1 out of every 26 American casualties in World War II  was a merchant mariner. An estimated 8,300 American mariners lost their  lives. Another 12,000 American mariners were wounded during their  wartime service.   Regrettably, the merchant mariners were not granted veteran's status  until 1988, when Congress finally came around to recognizing the need  for this. Awarding the Congressional Gold Medal, as our bill does,  would finally give merchant mariners from our Nation's Greatest  Generation the honor and respect that they are owed.   Lastly, I want to thank the more than 300 Members of this House who  cosponsored the bill, allowing it to come to the floor for passage, and  I also want to thank Mrs. Brooks and Mr. Young, who carried on in the  previous Congresses.   