 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 962, the  Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.    Mr. Speaker, if this unanimous consent cannot be  entertained, I urge the Speaker and the majority leader to immediately  schedule the Born-Alive bill.    Madam Speaker, I am rising also to join my coworkers in  advocating for fiscal responsibility as Congress seeks to craft a  budget.   The RSC budget is bold, and I am pleased to see it include such  proposals as requiring the Congressional Budget Office to account for  debt servicing in the cost estimates they prepare for Congress. My  bill, H.R. 638, the Cost Estimates Improvement Act, would do that very  thing.   Before legislation passes either the House or the Senate, lawmakers  should know how much it will actually cost. This would seem to go  without saying, but lawmakers consistently overlook one key cost, the  new interest payments their spending will create. Folks back home  understand how important this is, that we should be honest about the  true cost of spending.   If you were budgeting for monthly car payments and only considered  the list price of the car itself and didn't factor in the extra cost of  interest payments, you would later discover that the total cost is more  than you could afford. Unfortunately, this is exactly what Congress  does when considering new spending.   Congress relies on the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and  the Joint Committee on Taxation to estimate the cost of legislation.  But Congress does not require either of them to include the cost of  servicing the additional debt that is created by authorizing or  reauthorizing spending. This results in an incomplete picture of the  total actual cost.   Servicing national debt is becoming a substantial part of Federal  spending. Within just a few years, our Nation will be spending more on  interest payments than on the entire Department of Defense. This should  alarm all of us, as this will increasingly crowd out other spending  priorities.   I introduced H.R. 638, the Cost Estimates Improvement Act, to address  these problems by requiring the Congressional Budget Office and the  Joint Committee on Taxation to add the cost of servicing the debt to  the cost estimates of any future legislation.   In essence, Congress is not considering the comprehensive budgetary  impact of spending and tax proposals. This distorts congressional  decisionmaking in favor of more spending and debt accumulation.   Congress routinely ignores the true costs and overstates the benefits  of new spending. The American people have to account for the cost of  debt in their family budgets, and providing Congress with accurate cost  estimates that include the cost of debt servicing is a commonsense  reform that would hold Congress to the same standard, forcing lawmakers  to reckon with the actual cost of raising our national debt.   