 Madam President, I come to the floor today to discuss  the current partisan blockade. It is a blockade of critical military  funding for our troops at home and abroad.   Last month, Senate Democrats blocked a key vote on the defense  spending bill. We need to pass this bill to fully fund the Defense  Department. By blocking the bill, Democrats are denying America's  troops the pay raises that they have earned and that they deserve.   To add insult to injury, both parties in both Houses agreed a couple  of months ago to give the troops this raise. We did it more than 2  months ago. In fact, it was part of the bipartisan budget deal that was  signed in August.   By moving the Defense spending bill, Republicans are keeping their  promises to our all-volunteer American force. Still, Democrats have  broken their promise to the troops.   Why on Earth would the Democrats want to play political games with  the paychecks of our troops? Under the harshest conditions, these brave  men and women defend our cherished freedoms 365 days a year. America's  servicemembers--our servicemembers--help keep us safe. They keep us  strong, and they keep us, as a Nation, prosperous. Without question,  they deserve our full support, and that support should be bipartisan.  Why it isn't right now is beyond me.   Recently, I had the privilege of visiting Wyoming troops, our Wyoming  National Guard. We have a very large deployment, our largest in 10  years. They are serving in Kuwait, in the United Arab Emirates, and in  Kosovo. We have troop members serving, as well, in Afghanistan.   We have about 1,500 members in the Wyoming National Guard, and, right  now, about 400 of them are serving overseas. They are from towns like  Casper, Cheyenne, Guernsey, Laramie, Sheridan, Lovell, Moorcroft,  Wheatland, and brothers from Sheridan and Casper. I met with all of  them. Some 370 Wyoming Guard members are currently serving in  Afghanistan, the Middle East, and in Europe. It is our largest  deployment in a decade.   I was honored to spend time with these dedicated servicemembers from  my home State. First, I visited the 115th Field Artillery Brigade  Forward in the United Arab Emirates. It is in the desert across from  the Strait of Hormuz. From there, I traveled to Kuwait to meet with our  2nd Battalion, 300th Field Artillery. My father-in-law, Bob Brown, was  a member of this group during Korea. He had also served in World War  II, as I know, Mr. President, your father was part of the D-day  invasion. I finished visiting with the troops in Kosovo, the C Company,  1st Battalion, 297th Infantry Regiment in  [[Page S5861]]  Kosovo, up near the Serbian border. In service to our country, these  soldiers now find themselves far from home, and we owe it to them to  give them the raise that they have earned and that they deserve.   You know, before I left, I gave every one of our soldiers a challenge  coin. It is a challenge coin for me, as a Senator, and it is something  I learned about through the military. It is something you give to  somebody for camaraderie and a job well done. The coin shows the  Wyoming iconic cowboy sitting on a bucking bronco. I gave it to each  one of them saying: You are from Wyoming, you are a cowboy, and cowboys  never quit and never complain, and neither will the U.S. military.   So when it comes to a raise, they are not quitting, and they are not  complaining. It seems to me that it is the Democrats who have quit. The  Democrats have quit. They have gone back on their word to approve the  pay raise that they approved a couple of months ago and now are  blocking us moving forward with this piece of legislation.   You know, the troops I met invited the cowboy spirit. They love to  see it. They don't need to see it for long because they have a lot to  do. They are working 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, and 365 days a  year. They wanted to talk about what is happening at home. They wanted  to talk about Wyoming football. They wanted to talk about the hunting  season. They wanted to talk about the weather at home, where we have  already had snow. The day I was in one of the locations, it was 108  degrees, and the heat index was higher than that, and they are, of  course, in full uniform. They are there doing the job of keeping us  safe and keeping us free, and they deserve the pay raise that they have  earned.   They are on the frontlines. They are defending our freedoms. They are  doing it every day.   I had a meal with them, as you see here right now, visiting with  these men and women. It is a time for camaraderie. We talked about the  challenges they are facing overseas.   I toured each of their bases. They know that the world is a very  dangerous place in which they are living and serving, and they know  what is happening in the threats to Iran, which to this group was only  a little over 100 miles away, across the Strait of Hormuz.   Look, clearly, the best way to protect Americans at home is to keep  up the pressure on our enemies abroad. Our presence there is  restraining evil in the region. That is why our troops need our full  support, and they need it right now. They shouldn't be placed at a  point where they have to tolerate and wait for the Democrats to come  back to the table and come to an agreement that they had reached and  made promises on earlier this year.   With growing threats from abroad, the Defense funding bill delivers  critical resources that our military needs to keep us safe. One thing  is crystal clear from my visit: The best way to honor our troops is to  honor our commitments to them.   So let's give these men and women in uniform the raise that they have  earned, that they deserve, that they are entitled to, and let's give  our troops the state-of-the-art tools they need to protect the American  people in a dangerous world. It is time for Democrats to lift their  hold on this blockade that they have had on our Defense funding bill.  We must work together, in a bipartisan way, to complete the regular  Defense appropriations process and fully fund our military, as our  Nation demands and our troops certainly deserve.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks prior to the vote.    Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the  Congressional Review Act resolution that has been put forward by the  Democrats on which we will soon be voting.   The Democrats' resolution would eliminate President Trump's  affordable clean energy rule. The President's rule is commonsense  policy. It protects our air, and it allows our economy to grow at the  same time. The affordable clean energy rule would replace the Obama  administration's so-called Clean Power Plan. The punishing plan would  have damaged our economy, and what I have here is a map to go over some  of that. It would have closed powerplants. It would have put energy  workers on unemployment. It would have reduced the reliability of our  electricity. It would have increased energy bills for American families  and for small businesses.   The results would have been dramatic. There would have been dramatic  increases in electricity bills all across the country. The plan would  have devastated communities, certainly in my home State of Wyoming. It  would have raised electricity bills by 42 percent in the State of  Wyoming, and they would have gone up in every State.   Wyoming is America's leading producer of coal. It supports thousands  of good-paying jobs all across the State. Across Wyoming, the punishing  power plan would put hard-working men and women out of work. The rule  would be a massive roadblock for States. Instead of working  collaboratively with State governments, it would put the EPA in the  driver's seat of setting a national energy policy.   States would be told what energy sources were allowed within their  borders and how to regulate them.   Worst of all, the so-called Clean Power Plan would have barely  reduced carbon emissions, it would have crippled our economy, and done  very little, if anything, to help the environment.   President Obama's plan wasn't just bad policy, it was illegal.  Twenty-seven States, including Wyoming, filed a lawsuit to stop the  regulation. The Supreme Court ruled that Obama's EPA went way beyond  its legal authority. The Court blocked the overreaching rule.   Now President Trump has put forward a commonsense replacement to  protect America's air. The affordable clean energy rule follows the  law, and it is good news for the people of Wyoming and the rest of the  country. It recognizes that the EPA is not supposed to pick winners and  losers.   Under the new rule, powerplants can make reasonable changes like  improving efficiency. The rule promotes the use of new cleaner  technologies to generate electricity so energy companies can modernize  their powerplants without having to shut them down completely.   The rule also respects the role of States under the Clean Air Act. It  gets rid of ``Washington knows best,'' which is an approach we deal  with--a top-down approach of unelected, unaccountable, heavyhanded  bureaucrats. States understand how to protect the air their citizens  breathe. They know it is an important thing to do. The end result will  be cleaner air and more affordable energy for America's households.   Now Senate Democrats want to play politics once again and uproot the  affordable clean energy rule. Democrats want to resurrect a rule that  the Supreme Court took unprecedented action to stop. That would be bad  for our environment, bad for our economy, and bad for our country.   Under the Congressional Review Act, if Congress repeals the  affordable clean energy rule, the administration couldn't replace it  with a similar rule.   The administration put forward a commonsense rule to protect our air  quality, and now Democrats want to kill it. That is the proposal on the  floor today.   Democrats have become hostages to the far-left agenda, even when it  doesn't make any sense. It is not good policy, and we have seen this  before.   The Environment and Public Works Committee, which I chair, recently  passed legislation to help reduce the amount of plastic pollution in  our oceans. The bipartisan bill follows up on the previous bipartisan  Save Our Seas Act that passed and was signed into law last Congress.   Instead of supporting the legislation, extreme environmentalists  oppose the bill--a bipartisan bill we got passed last Congress. We are  going on to the next level now. Now the extreme environmentalists, of  course, oppose the bill because we are not banning all plastics. Can  you imagine something so ridiculous? But that is what they want.   Working together in a bipartisan way--even when we are doing things  that to me make sense, to others make sense, to bipartisan Senators  make sense, to the House make sense, the extreme environmentalists say  it is still not enough for them and their extreme measures and  approaches.   These extreme activists want to do the same thing with our air.  Instead of finding common ground, their goal seems to be to shut down  our economy because that is what they are promoting.   Democrats in the House of Representatives, regrettably, have followed  a similar pattern. House Democrats refuse to work with Republicans to  pass commonsense bills to protect our air and address climate change,  which we are promoting--an effort to actually address it. Apparently,  it is not going far enough for the extreme Democratic  environmentalists.   Bipartisan legislation to support carbon capture technologies, which  we passed in this body, sits in the House of Representatives waiting  for a vote.   The USE IT Act--which I introduced along with Senator Whitehouse, who  gives speeches each week on climate change on the floor of the Senate.  We have worked together. It has passed our committee unanimously. It  has passed the Senate unanimously. Yet, with overwhelming bipartisan  support in the Senate, it is still being blocked in the House. The bill  has bipartisan support in the House as well, but it hasn't gone  anywhere. It is being stopped because Democratic leaders in the House  refuse to move a commonsense bill that would lower carbon emissions and  help address carbon climate change.   They are climate alarmists. They want things done drastically,  unilaterally, immediately, when we are trying to take commonsense steps  in the right direction.   Killing commonsense policies, like the affordable clean energy rule  and the USE IT Act, makes no sense to me.   President Trump's rule respects the law, and it helps the  environment. It is a win-win for our country. Americans deserve clean  air. They also deserve clear rules, and the affordable clean energy  rule gives us both.   I urge every Senator to oppose the resolution that is coming up to  the floor.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   