 Mr. Chairman, I thank our Appropriations  chair for yielding this time, and I rise in support of this disaster  supplemental, which will provide $17.2 billion in long overdue  assistance for North Carolina and for other States and territories that  have suffered from devastating natural disasters.   North Carolina has been hit by two hurricanes in as many years, with  thousands of people displaced, homes destroyed, and livelihoods lost.   Meanwhile, typhoons, tornadoes and wildfires, have wreaked havoc on  millions of Americans in the South, the Midwest, California, and  several territories, including Puerto Rico.   The bill before us ensures the Federal Government will remain an  active partner in the recovery effort. It provides comprehensive  resources for: flexible community development block grants, highway and  bridge repairs, Army Corps construction along our coasts and rivers,  Department of Agriculture crop and livestock relief, repairs to our  military installations, and many other critical recovery activities.   We all know that these resources are desperately needed. We all know  that they should have been provided months ago. The House passed a  similar package back in January that stalled in the Republican- controlled Senate.   The President has complicated our efforts, to put it mildly, and he  has complicated them in a particularly unfortunate way. He is obsessed  with Puerto Rico. He is determined to punish the island for offenses,  real or imagined. This has stymied bipartisan and bicameral efforts to  help all Americans recover, Puerto Ricans included.   And now the President's latest move is to insist that this disaster  recovery bill should become a vehicle for his border priorities.   The administration is even holding back money that has already been  appropriated, including nearly $16 billion in HUD Community Development  Block Grants, held up by the White House and OMB for political  purposes.   This has slowed the recovery, not just in Puerto Rico, but in my home  State, North Carolina, in Florida, in Georgia, Texas, South Carolina,  and the Virgin Islands.   It is time for the President to stop playing politics with disaster  funding, and it is time for Republicans in the House and Senate to show  some backbone, to say to the White House, ``enough already;'' to join  with Democrats to help communities in need.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.    Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to  claim the time in opposition to this amendment, though I am not, in  fact, opposed.    Madam Chair, I want to thank the  gentleman from California for introducing this amendment and  highlighting the issue of the FHWA not granting extensions when they  are needed and when they are justified.   It is important to highlight the issue, and as chairman of the  Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, I am aware of the issue and aware of the delays that  affect certain Federal highway emergency relief projects in California.   Now, the amendment as drafted would have no practical effect on the  funds to administer the program because they are not provided in this  particular bill, but I look forward to working with the gentleman and  coordinating with the Appropriations Committee, with the authorizing  committee, to address this issue in a tangible way.   Madam Chair, I have no objection to the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank my colleague for  yielding.   Madam Chair, I do want to speak in strong support of this amendment  which may well be the most important amendment to be offered this  morning. I certainly think that with respect to my home State of North  Carolina where thousands of residents are eagerly awaiting the issuance  of the Federal Register notice which this amendment references.   This notice will unlock billions of dollars, CDBG disaster mitigation  funds, to rebuild communities in North Carolina, Texas, Florida, South  Carolina, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Georgia, and other  locations.   Now, to be clear, while the underlying bill addresses the damage from  Hurricane Florence which hit North Carolina last September, this  Federal Register notice we are discussing addresses damage from  Hurricane Matthew and from other storms, 2016 and 2017 disasters, where  we are still awaiting relief and recovery.   Secretary Carson promised during our subcommittee hearing last month  that the notice we are talking about today would be released on May 1,  and as far as HUD was concerned that was achieved. But now it is OMB,  it is the White House. They prevented this notice from being released.  This so-called review appears to be a change in practice. That is not  acceptable.   North Carolina residents have endured two hurricanes in the past 3  years. They and other storm victims around this country should not have  to endure more stalling and more slow-walking from President Trump.   This amendment sends a message that Congress is tired of the  administration's delays and that we are serious about helping  communities in need. So I couldn't more strongly support this  amendment. I commend my colleague and the bipartisan group who have  offered it.   Madam Chair, I urge support of the amendment.    Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to  claim the time in opposition, although, in fact, I do support the  amendment.    Madam Chair, the Federal Highway  Administration's latest estimate for the Emergency Relief program  identified $1.3 billion in projects in disaster-affected areas. This  bill actually contains something more than that: $1.65 billion. But the  FHWA estimates do not yet account for the damage from the Midwest  floods.   This amendment would rectify that. It would provide the FHWA with  additional resources to address the damage from the flooding in Iowa  and other affected States, and then any excess funds would remain  available for future disasters.   I thank our colleague for offering this amendment. I think it is  needed, and I support its adoption.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   