 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, amendment No. 1 to H.R. 2513 requires an  annual report to Congress of anonymized, aggregate data on the number  of beneficial owners per reporting corporation or limited liability  company, the industry of each reporting corporation or limited  liability company, and the location of the beneficial owners.   One of the greatest beneficiaries of the crisis on our southern  border has been the cartels and coyotes. They charge from $6,000 to  $10,000 to smuggle people into our country who do not have legal  documentation.   Despite the danger, these individuals borrow money from normal banks  in their home country. Their family members put up collateral--their  farms, their houses--to pay these cartels and coyotes. If the  individual makes it into the United States, they will send remittances  home through the same legitimate financial transaction to pay back  those family loans.   Throughout this process, the coyotes and cartels are making a  significant amount of money off of these very vulnerable individuals.  While many of them likely deal mostly in cash, the possibility exists  that they are using shell companies to store or move this illicit  money.   Providing data to Congress on how many beneficial owners are behind a  company, the industries of the reporting companies, and the locations  of the beneficial owners will help identify trends and patterns that  could aid in the fight to combat money laundering and the financing of  human trafficking.   We should not be facilitating coyotes and cartels to take advantage  of desperate people. Providing this aggregate, anonymized data to  Congress will provide some transparency on the networks behind the  illicit financing of human and drug smuggling and other nefarious  financial activities.   I urge the support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 835, the Rodchenkov  Anti-Doping Act, a bill that was introduced with Ms. Jackson Lee to  combat international doping schemes.   The bill is named after Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, the former head of  Russia's anti-doping agency lab that blew the whistle on the massive,  state-run doping scheme that led the International Olympic Committee to  suspend Russia from the 2018 Winter Olympics.   From 2011 to 2015, over 1,000 Russian athletes in 30 sports benefited  from an illegal program executed by numerous Russian state agencies at  the direction of Russian President Putin.   Another whistleblower, Yuliya Stepanova, revealed information that  led to the formation of an independent commission at the World Anti- Doping Agency that investigated finding a deeply-rooted culture of  cheating that existed in Russia. We heard from Ms. Stepanova and the  lawyer for Dr. Rodchenkov during the Helsinki Commission hearing in  July of 2018. Also present was Katie Uhlaender, who had been defrauded  and cheated out of an Olympic medal as a result of the Russian doping  scheme. No athlete should be subjected to doping, either through a  state-run program or as a clean competitor.   In 2015, the Russian Anti-Doping Agency entered into a Roadmap to  Code Compliance agreement with the World Anti-Doping Agency involving  31 criteria for the Russian agency to be reinstated. Russia's agreement  to deliver additional drug-test lab samples is one of the reasons the  World Anti-Doping Agency agreed to reinstate the Russian Anti-Doping  Agency in 2018.   But, just last week, the current head of the Russian Anti-Doping  Agency said thousands of changes were made to those drug-test results.  The World Anti-Doping Agency had only been able to verify the  authenticity of a portion of the provided samples, and these statements  confirmed that Russia is still intent on cheating in international  sport competitions. The World Anti-Doping Agency is currently  considering how to respond, including possibly designating Russia as  noncompliant and suspending Russian athletes from international sport  competitions until that country is again designated as compliant.   But the doping program goes beyond just harming clean athletes.  President Putin views this type of illegal scheme as a geopolitical  tool to characterize the West as unfair and oppressive. One year ago,  the United States Department of Justice indicted seven Russian military  intelligence officials for a cyberattack on the United States and other  international organizations because they exposed Russia's state-run  doping scheme and for protecting the whistleblowers, namely Dr.  Rodchenkov.    The Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act would combat this type of illegal  doping scheme and limit Russia's sphere of influence as they seek to  undermine Western values around the world. This bill will criminalize  knowingly facilitating a doping scheme in a major international sport  competition where United States athletes are competing, and the  competition organizer receives sponsorship or financial support from a  U.S. entity. The bill also allows U.S. citizens to pursue civil action  against deceptive competition and provides protection for  whistleblowers.   The Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act will ensure that athletes' rights are  respected, whistleblowers are protected, and criminals are brought to  justice. The bill will restore the integrity of international sport  competition and uphold the rule of law around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   