 Mr. President, later today, we are going to vote on  whether to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2740, the  House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, Defense, State,  Foreign Operations, and Energy and Water Development Appropriations  Act. I must say I have to strongly urge Senators to vote no.   I am not urging a ``no'' vote because the House bills are not good  bills. The underlying House bills are good bills. If we were going to  vote just to consider these bills, that would be easy. I and  practically everybody in this Chamber would vote yes, but that is not  what we are doing.   Senator McConnell has made it very clear that he will bring up H.R.  2740 not to vote on the bills that have been passed by the House of  Representatives but for the consideration of the Senate's Defense  appropriations bill, which was a partisan bill that was reported along  party lines out of the Appropriations Committee. He is going to offer  that as a substitute once we proceed to the underlying bills.   On top of taking a totally partisan bill as a substitute for  legislation that could have easily passed, as part of the substitute,  Leader McConnell is going to offer the Energy and Water Appropriations  bill as well as the State, Foreign Operations, and Labor-HHS and  Education bills. Now, those last two bills have never been considered  by the committee. They have not been voted on by the subcommittees, and  they have not been voted on by the full committee. They were pulled  from the committee markup last week because the Republicans were afraid  to vote on amendments that would have received the support of both  Republicans and Democrats.   Is that how we operate? Just because things get complicated and  difficult, do we just skip parts of the legislative process? Do we say,  ``Oh, my goodness gracious, I am afraid to have to vote on something  either yes or no''? That is no way to proceed.   Not one Democrat on the Appropriations Committee voted for the  Defense bill--not one--including me, and I have voted for more money  for the Department of Defense than any Senator who is serving in this  body today.   The way the Defense bill was written, it does nothing to prevent the  President from stealing billions of dollars more from our troops to pay  for his cynical campaign promise of building a gigantic wall across our  southern border. He will steal this money from our troops and their  families even though he promised us that Mexico would pay for it.   In fiscal year 2019 alone, the President has already raided $6.1  billion from the Department of Defense's accounts for his border wall.  He did that without having congressional approval. He first diverted  $2.5 billion from the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations Act for  the wall by using standard transfer authority. We provide this  authority to the Department of Defense to ensure that the DOD has the  flexibility it requires to meet the needs of the troops in an evolving  threat environment. It is not intended to be used by the President as a  piggy bank for a campaign promise or for a pet project that Congress  has refused to support.   He took $3.6 billion more from military construction projects for a  southern border wall. This was the wall he gave his word that Mexico  would pay for. He, instead, is taking the money from projects like  military schools, childcare centers, and improved training facilities  that would improve the lives of our troops and their families to pay  for his wall. We cannot let that happen again.   I offered an amendment during committee markup of the Defense  appropriations bill that would protect the money we appropriated for  our troops by prohibiting the President from using it to build a border  wall, but that amendment was defeated on a party-line vote.   Now the Republican leader accuses Democrats of not standing with the  troops by voting against this bill, but it is exactly the opposite.   We are the ones saying we want funds that should go to support the  troops and their families to go to them, and we should not allow the  President to take the money from the troops and their families for the  wall.   Taking that money is tantamount to telling military families: You may  serve loyally, but we care more about a failed campaign promise--a wall  in the middle of the desert that the President promised Mexico would  pay for--than we do about providing schools and  [[Page S5560]]  daycare for their children or weapons training or a fire station. I am  not going to sign up for that.   We have to stand up for the Constitution. The President has contorted  the law beyond all recognition by raiding defense dollars for his wall.  He has undone congressional funding decisions by fiat. If we let that  go unanswered, we are surrendering Congress's constitutional power of  the purse.   Last year, we were able to move appropriations bills on the floor  because the leaders agreed that only bills that had bipartisan support  would move forward. I commend my colleague, the senior Senator from  Alabama, Senator Shelby. We showed the right way to proceed then and it  is the right way to proceed now. We passed those bills, but the package  of bills before us today does not have such support.   I was hopeful that once we secured a bipartisan budget agreement, we  would be on a bipartisan path to consider Senate appropriations bills  that reflect the best of our country. Unfortunately, the Republican  leadership started out the process on a partisan note by refusing to  rein in the ability of the President to take the defense dollars meant  to help our troops and using them to build his wall and by  shortchanging the Labor-HHS-Education appropriations so they could put  $5 billion of it in the Homeland Security bill for the President's  wall.   Now I wonder how many more of our tax dollars we are going to spend  on this boondoggle. If you put it to a vote to this country, they would  say: No more.   In the bipartisan budget agreement, nondefense funding was given a  $27 billion increase. That was roughly a 3-percent increase. If all  things were equal, the Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill, which  is our largest domestic funding bill, should receive a 3-percent  funding increase in fiscal year 2020, but the Republican bill only  gives 1 percent, while the Department of Homeland Security receives a  7-percent increase to pay for the wall. That is not right.   The result is a bill put forward by the Republicans today that fails  to cover even the annual cost of inflation in public health and Head  Start, childcare, special education, education for the disadvantaged,  veterans' training grants, and dozens of other programs.   So robbing from the funds that were meant for education, childcare,  and healthcare programs that have a real positive impact on the lives  of all American people to pay for President Trump's wall is just as  unacceptable as robbing from these funds from our military. Members on  our side of the aisle are not going to support that.   Last year, the President shut down much of the government for 35 days  in a tweet tantrum over his wall. This strategy of border wall above  all else, border wall above any interests of this country, has already  failed once, and it will fail again.   The majority leader has said there is no education in the second kick  of a mule. I agree, but now we find ourselves in this position again.  We have been down this road. It was the President's failed strategy  that led to the longest government shutdown in the history of our  country just 9 months ago and cost Americans billions of dollars.   It was the President's failed strategy to hold the government of the  American people hostage to pay for a wall that he gave his word Mexico  would pay for.   There is a bipartisan path forward. We have bipartisan bills that  have gone through the Appropriations Committee with overwhelming  support of Republicans and Democrats. The majority leader ought to just  bring those bills up while we sort out these other issues.   The Energy and Water Appropriations bill was reported out of  committee last week on a unanimous vote; every Democrat, every  Republican voted for it. Tomorrow the Appropriations Committee will  consider the Agriculture appropriations bill and the Transportation,  Housing and Urban Development appropriations bill.   I expect that most Democrats and most Republicans will vote for them,  and we could bring these bills to the floor. Instead, we are forced  today to vote cloture on a partisan defense appropriations bill, a  partisan state-foreign operations bill, and a partisan labor-HHS- education bill, the last two of which were never even considered in  committee.   The State-Foreign Operations bill continues the President's  discriminatory Mexico City policy, which prohibits funding for private  organizations that support family planning and reproductive health, and  it caps funding for family planning at an arbitrarily and unacceptably  low level. It eliminates all funding for the U.N. population fund. That  is a fund that provides lifesaving assistance to women and girls in  Yemen and dozens of other countries where USAID does not have programs.   For the past 30 years, I have been either chairman or ranking member  for the State, Foreign Operations Subcommittee. That subcommittee has a  long record of producing bipartisan bills. That was true when the  majority leader, Senator McConnell, was chairman, when former Senator  Judd Gregg of New Hampshire was chairman, while Senator Graham has been  chairman, and during the years I was chairman. We were ready to mark up  that bill last week, but because one Senator wanted to offer an  amendment related to family planning--an amendment that had both  Republican and Democratic support of a majority of members of the  committee--the markup was canceled.   We were not allowed to vote on it. Rather than vote, the majority  canceled the markup. What kind of process is this? What kind of  democracy is that? We are better than this. We are the 100 Members of  the U.S. Senate--100 men and women--who represent 325 million  Americans. That is an awesome responsibility.   Senators should not be afraid to vote. Senators should show courage,  not hide behind procedural actions so they never have to take a  position. That is not why people come to the U.S. Senate. That is not  what is expected of the 100 people here to represent this great  country.   So I would urge Members to vote no on the cloture motion. It is  nothing more than a political stunt.   We have bipartisan bills with overwhelming support of Republicans and  Democrats. Bring them up. Let's not waste time on show votes.   I will continue to work with my good friend Chairman Shelby and the  majority and Democratic leader to find a way forward, but let's not  have show votes. Let's have real votes. Let's have all 100 of us stand  up and say what we stand for.   I yield the floor.   