 Mr. President, today U.S. taxpayers are subsidizing the  electric car industry. The cost to these taxpayers is billions of  dollars, and the subsidies have lasted now for nearly 30 years.   In 2008, Washington added a tax credit for purchases of electric  vehicles. The market was very small at that time, and it was worth  encouraging that market, but today the electric market for vehicles is  well established. The auto industry no longer needs these pricey  subsidies for electric vehicles, and I believe it is time to pull the  plug on subsidies for electric vehicles.   Leading manufacturers, including General Motors, Ford, and  Volkswagen, have announced plans to massively increase investment in  the electric vehicle market. Global automakers are  [[Page S887]]  promoting electric car luxury brands, such as Bentley, Aston Martin,  Maserati, Porsche, and Cadillac, but with these new electric vehicles  coming to the market, the subsidy program is going to continue to run  at an enormous cost to American taxpayers.   Congress first passed legislation to provide subsidies for electric  car buyers back in 1992. The purpose was to temporarily support a  promising, environmentally friendly market. For decades now, Washington  expanded this program of tax credits. At the same time, many States  enacted similar subsidies.   Between 2011 and 2017, electric car buyers received more than $4  billion in Federal credits alone, costing taxpayers up to $7,500 for  each vehicle. This program disproportionately subsidizes wealthy buyers  because nearly 80 percent of the tax credits go to households earning  at least $100,000 a year. Well, these car buyers don't need a taxpayer  subsidy.   The program has served its purpose, and I say that because today a  million electric vehicles travel our highways. The global demand for  electric vehicles is rising as well. Now nearly every automaker is  entering the market. In fact, the U.S. Energy Information  Administration projects that sales of light-duty electric vehicles will  reach 4 million vehicles by 2025.   So here is exhibit A. This past weekend was Super Bowl weekend. They  had so many commercials, and it cost about $5 million to run an ad  during the Super Bowl. Well, the automaker Audi ran a commercial saying  that by 2025 one-third of their cars--one out of every three cars--will  be an electric vehicle. So I use that as exhibit A to say this market  is firmly established. As a matter of fact, this market is positioned  for expansion--which means so will the cost of subsidies. I believe it  is time to take taxpayers off the hook.   I have introduced legislation, the Fairness for Every Driver Act, and  it is to end the electric vehicle subsidy program. My legislation has  three key goals; first is to the save taxpayers billions of dollars  through the subsidy program; second is to help maintain our aging roads  and bridges; and the third is to reduce wasteful Washington spending.  According to the Manhattan Institute, ending this subsidy will save  taxpayers an estimated $20 billion dollars--$20 billion.   The electric car market can thrive without Washington subsidies. We  see it is thriving. It is growing. Nearly every State now provides its  own subsidies and added incentives.   California even mandates the percentage of cars that must be zero  emission. This category is almost exclusively electric vehicles. In  2017, Californians purchased 95,000 electric vehicles. Now, residents  in my home State of Wyoming, where distances are long and recharging  stations are few, purchased only 51. Hard-working Wyoming taxpayers  shouldn't have to subsidize wealthy California luxury car buyers.   Ending the electric car subsidies isn't just about saving taxpayers  dollars, it is about our shared responsibility to maintain our highway  system. The highway trust fund is depleted. The highway trust fund pays  for road and bridge projects. Its main source of funding is the Federal  gas tax.   Drivers of gas- and diesel-powered vehicles pay this tax every time  they pull up and fill up at the pump. Electric car drivers never pay  these fees. Although a Tesla puts as much strain on the highways as a  Ford Focus, the Tesla driver pays next to nothing to fix the roads.   Without congressional action, the highway trust fund will be  exhausted by 2021. This legislation ensures all drivers pay their fair  share to improve America's roads. It establishes an annual highway user  fee for these alternative fuel vehicles. Comparable to the gas tax,  this user fee will result in billions of dollars over the next decade  to fund needed road projects.   All drivers use the roads. All drivers should contribute to  maintaining them. Electric cars are here to stay. The market is poised  for growth, with or without the subsidies. Congress should pull the  plug on this program. It is time to end this subsidy. It is time to  stop wasting taxpayer dollars, and it is time to level the playing  field for all drivers when it comes to repairing our roads and bridges.   It is time to pass the Fairness for Every Driver Act.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, last night we heard from the President  of the United States in his State of the Union Address. What I heard  and what I know, living in Wyoming and traveling across my State and  across the country--is that the state of the union is strong. It is  strong, and we are strong militarily, economically, and politically.   It is so fascinating to see this growth that we have in our economy.  I remember just a few years ago when the new normal for economic growth  was stuck below 2 percent. People said: That is where we are going to  be.   Well, as a result of tax cuts and regulatory relief, we have had an  incredible amount of economic growth over the last couple of years.  Really, the economy is sizzling, firing on all cylinders, fueled by the  tax cuts that are allowing people to keep more of their hard-earned  money, and wages going up because there are so many jobs being created.   Talking about the good news for the American people, I just noted  that there were 3 million new jobs added  [[Page S892]]  since Republicans passed tax reform a year ago. That is 3 million new  jobs across the country.   Somebody might say: Well, maybe it is slowing down. It is actually  the opposite. This past month, there were 304,000 new jobs. The  experts, who thought they had a handle on the economy, said: Well,  maybe there are 160,000 new jobs.   There were 304,000, not just 160,000, as it was estimated. There have  been 3 million new jobs since we passed tax reform for the American  people.   The other thing that is so interesting with the numbers is the  increase in manufacturing jobs. I remember President Obama saying that  you would need a magic wand to bring back manufacturing jobs to the  country. Well, the number of manufacturing jobs that were brought back  to the country or that were created in the country last year was the  largest growth in over 20 years.   Now, what about wages? Wages are up significantly, compared to a year  ago. People are noting not only an increase in their salaries but also  an increase in their take-home pay because the amount of taxes taken  out are going down as well. So you have higher salaries, lower taxes,  and the amount of money that people are able to keep is going up as  well.   More people are working today than at any time in our history as a  nation. There are 157 million American workers, and workers are in the  driver's seat. There are more jobs available than there are people to  fill those jobs.   I am so happy with what President Trump has done with regulations to  try to eliminate these burdensome, expensive, and time-consuming  regulations that made it harder to create jobs, harder to keep jobs  going, and harder to keep people in their jobs.   I was most pleased to see the President's focus and discussion on  energy. Energy is called the master resource. It is called the master  resource for a reason. It fuels our economy, it fuels our military, and  it fuels our Nation.   We now have, through innovation and investment, enough energy  resources that we have now become a net exporter of energy. People  around the country and around the world look to us as a source of  energy--crude oil, natural gas, and liquefied natural gas. There are  opportunities for people around the country--coal from my home State of  Wyoming. We are a net energy exporter, and it is because of the  President's focus on allowing us to use the resources that we have been  so blessed with in this great country.   As for this talk about 3 million new jobs, in Wyoming alone there  have been 8,000 more jobs created since we passed tax reform.   The Wall Street Journal editorial board's headline this past Friday,  February 1, was this: ``Sorry for the Good News.'' It said: ``This is  what happens when the political class takes its boot off of the neck of  private business, as the GOP Congress and Trump administration did for  two years.''   That is why we have all this good news. Taxes are lower. Regulations  are much more reasonable. They are not the kind of troublesome  regulations that choked our economy.   I think now it is time to refocus, as the President talked about--a  time for greatness in America, to refocus our attention on economic  expansion.   When I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, they have  taken a hard left turn, way off to the liberal side, to the radical  side of things, proposing socialist programs that increase taxes, that  increase government spending, and that apply burdensome new  regulations. That would put a tremendous brake on the economy and the  economic growth we have seen. These hard-left policies will kill job  creation and cripple the economy.   Americans want more freedom, more opportunities, more economic  prosperity, and better paying jobs. That is what this is all about.  That is what we heard last night in the State of the Union. That is why  the state of our Union is strong, with a strong, healthy, and growing  economy. It is time--and I agreed with President Trump last night--to  unite, time to work together and keep the country moving forward with  commonsense policies that improve Americans' everyday lives.   I yield the floor.   