 Mr. President, as many of my colleagues here on the  Senate floor know, tomorrow is Valentine's Day, and yesterday, my  colleague and my good friend, for whom I have so much respect, Senator  Ernst from Iowa, was asking Members of this body to come down to the  floor and talk about love. Some of you may have seen that.   Now, I have to admit that I am very close to Senator Ernst. I think  she is one of the best Senators in the whole body. But I was a little  bit leery. To be honest, talking about love on the Senate floor is  really not my thing. I am not sure I have done that in 4 years here. As  a matter of fact, I know I haven't done that in 4 years.   Then, I thought, well, you know, it is Valentine's Day. I thought, of  course, immediately about my family and my beautiful wife Julie, the  love of my life. I thought I could talk about that. I thought I could  talk about my three daughters, all young Alaskan women, strong. They  make me proud each and every day.   That was easy, thinking about Valentine's Day and love that way-- Julie, Meghan, Isabella, and Laurel, who, by the way, celebrated her  18th birthday yesterday. They are the loves of my life.   But then my staff told me: Wait a minute. This isn't that kind of  speech. What Senator Ernst wanted us to do was to speak about the love  of your State and how we all love our State.   Now, that is easy for everybody here because we all do love our  State. Then, I realized, well, you know what, Senator Ernst wanted  that. It is Valentine's Day, and, of course, it is toward the end of  the week, and I typically do my ``Alaskan of the Week'' speech every  Thursday or Wednesday.   This is a little bit of a jazzed up Valentine's Day version of  Alaskan of the Week, with the Ernst hashtag ``homestatelove,'' which is  what she put out, and I think some other Senators did.   I thought this would be a combination this evening of a little bit of  a love story to Alaska, my constituents, combined with the Alaskan of  the Week, and, of course, to support what Senator Ernst wanted a bunch  of us to do.   I certainly love coming down to the floor every week to talk about  the  [[Page S1319]]  Alaskans of the Week. It is one of my favorite things to do. So, today,  I just want to say a little bit about some of those Alaskans of the  Week, not really one or two but just kind of a combo--literally, dozens  and dozens of Alaskans, since I started here in the Senate 4 years ago,  where I have had the opportunity to come down and talk about them.   They are as old as 100 and as young as 8. Last week we had an 8-year- old. Boy, was he really a fine young man from Juneau. They come from  the Far North, the Arctic, and the misty temperate southeast of Alaska.  They live surrounded by tundra, by the churning seas, by mountains, by  rainforests. These are all those who have earned the title Alaskan of  the Week. They come from what we call urban Alaska and from some of the  200 small communities and villages that dot my State, which are not  connected by roads. It is a big challenge we have in Alaska.   They are librarians, artists, former Governors, reporters, healthcare  workers, whalers, counselors, pastors, lawyers, athletes, students,  teachers, and nearly every profession imaginable. Some of them have  retired. Some of them are just starting school and aren't even of  working age.   They are a diverse group of people, as you can imagine, but they all  have one thing in common. They love Alaska. They love their country.  They have the fire, the drive, and the heart to use whatever skills  they have, whatever experiences they have to help others.   Isn't that what Valentine's Day is all about, what the hashtag  ``homestatelove'' is all about, and, certainly, what the Alaskan of the  Week is all about?   Now, when I talk about the Alaskan of the Week, sometimes these  people have seen and gotten and deserve a lot of attention in Alaska  and even nationally. Other times, they are less well known but no less  impactful. Let me give you a couple of examples: someone who has been  picking up trash on the side of the road for years, just doing it every  day; helping people to find a pet to love; making meals for the sick;  starting and contributing to nonprofits; writing beautiful prose;  helping people overcome addictions; establishing iconic businesses;  working their whole lives to do what they think is right for their  community, for their State, and the communities they love.   Of course, they are all inspiring to us, and what I try to do once a  week is to come down and not just inspire the pages, who, I know, look  forward to this speech, but anyone in America who is listening. By the  way, you have to come up to Alaska and you, too, will love, and I mean  ``love'' Alaska when you come up to visit.   Now, they are inspiring to all of us in Alaska, but, as I mentioned,  all around the country last year. For example, I got to talk about the  Alaska Pacific University's ski team--world renowned, gold medalists,  Olympic medalists--inspiring young people all across the globe to race  faster and race better.   Last year, I had the opportunity to talk about a young teenager from  Gambell, Chris Apassingok. He made national headlines for his  insistence, despite tremendous backlash from some extreme groups  outside of Alaska, to continue his cultural heritage of hunting whales  to feed his community through subsistence.   Here is another example that will go straight to the heart of my  colleague, Senator Ernst from Iowa. In December, Carol Seppilu from  Nome, who has overcome tremendous difficulties and disabilities and  pain in her life, ran 85 miles of a 100-mile race in Council Bluffs,  IA, and she is training for another race.   That kind of training isn't easy in Nome, where she has to walk  through blizzards just to get on a treadmill. Carol has the racing  community--the long racing community, 100-mile races--in Alaska and  Iowa and, literally, around the country in awe of her, if you know her  story, and rooting for her.   Sometimes we have a lot of negative news here in DC. I always say  there is a lot more going on bipartisan that our friends in the media,  who sit above the Presiding Officer's desk there, don't often report,  but it can be negative. I think sometimes it can be easy to forget that  we live in the greatest country in the world--no doubt about it--the  greatest country in the history of the world, in my view, filled with  good people who wake up every morning determined to do what is right,  to give back to their communities, whether in Alaska or North Dakota,  like the Presiding Officer.   I want to thank Senator Ernst for bringing us down to the floor  yesterday and even today to talk a little bit about love--good  initiative there for Valentine's Day. I thank all of the people of my  State. This is a love story, not just of my wife and daughters but of  all these great Alaskans of the Week who have been doing such a great  job for Alaska and their country. So, to all of them, Happy Valentine's  Day.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   