 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is a good day for this body, for the  State of Nebraska, and for every American who is committed to the rule  of law, including our first freedom, which is religious liberty.   In a few minutes, we will be voting to confirm Brian Buescher to be  the U.S. Federal district judge for the District of Nebraska. Brian is  a born-and-raised Nebraskan. He is a husband, a father of five, and for  nearly two decades he has served his home State admirably in the legal  profession. His nomination is an honor for our State, and it is a  testament to his integrity and to his tireless service. At the same  time, Brian's confirmation process has been an occasion for one of the  most baffling displays of constitutional confusion and prejudice I have  seen in my time here.   Brian is a Catholic, and he is a member of the Knights of Columbus.  The Knights of Columbus is the largest Catholic fraternal organization  in the world. The organization has 1.6 million members. It raises  millions and millions of dollars every year for charity, and they  contribute millions--literally millions and millions--of hours of  volunteer and charitable service for their neighbors.   Like a lot of Catholic men in Nebraska, Brian joined the Knights of  Columbus as a way to give back to his community. This is not a scandal.  This is actually just really basic--sometimes really boring--love of  neighbor, but it is the kind of stuff that makes communities work.   According to some of my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee,  Brian's association with this extraordinary charitable organization-- again, really mundane, the Knights of Columbus, the largest Catholic  fraternal organization in the world--according to some of my  colleagues, the Knights of Columbus is an extremist outfit. One of my  colleagues suggested that Brian needs to resign his membership in the  Knights if he were confirmed to the Federal bench to avoid the  appearance of conflict and bias--really bizarre stuff.   To be clear, the Knights of Columbus is not some shadowy organization  from a Dan Brown novel. The Knights is a bunch of guys who organize  fish fries, and sometimes they sell Tootsie Rolls, but basically what  they are doing is helping to fund organizations like the Special  Olympics. That is what they do in Omaha, in Lincoln, across Nebraska,  and across the country. It is really weird that we are talking about  the Knights of Columbus as an extremist organization.   In this weird rebirth of McCarthyism, it seems that the Catholics are  to replace the Communists. This isn't just Brian. We have had other  nominees come before the Senate Judiciary Committee this year being  asked questions laughably close to: Are you now or have you ever been  involved in the organization of a fish fry?   We have people asked questions that sound like they are going to be  called to account for what their prayer may have been at the last  pancake feed: Have you or your colleagues ever been  [[Page S5040]]  involved in any plot to overthrow the government at a fish fry?   One of our nominees was asked: How long has the dogma lived loudly  within you, and if you had to rank the dogma on a volume scale from 1  to 10, just how loud is the dogma?   This stuff seems almost laughable, unless you pause and recognize  that the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee is asking nominees questions  like this. This shouldn't be happening.   Again, just so we are clear, a U.S. Senator, who has taken an oath to  uphold and defend the Constitution, asked Brian, as a faithful  Catholic, to resign his membership in the Knights of Columbus to  ``avoid the appearance of bias.''   The implication in these questions is really straightforward. It is  that Brian's religious beliefs and his affiliation with his Catholic  religious fraternal organization might make him unfit for service.   Let's put it bluntly: This is plain, unadulterated anti-Catholic  bigotry. This isn't a new thing in U.S history; it is just a new, new  thing. John F. Kennedy, 60 years ago, was asked, as he was running for  President, some really similar questions.   It is also plainly unconstitutional. Every Member of this body, all  100 of us, has raised our hands and took an oath to defend the  Constitution, which in article VI states in language so clear that even  a politician has to acknowledge that it does what it says: ``No  religious test shall ever be required as qualification to any office or  public trust under the United States.''   I just want to say this again. This is just straight out of the  Constitution, article VI. ``No religious test shall ever be required as  qualification to any public office or public trust under the United  States.''   That is why--because this was happening in the Senate Judiciary  Committee--in January, I led a charge on the floor to push through a  resolution to reaffirm our oath of office to the Constitution that  rejects religious bigotry. I called on every Member of this body to  affirm that we respect the freedom of every American to worship as he  or she sees fit and to live out their faith in the public square.   Fortunately, the Federal Government and politics, more broadly, is  not in the business of trying to resolve questions of Heaven and Hell.  That is not what we use politics for in this country. Here, we are only  in this worldly business of trying to maintain the peace and the public  order necessary so every individual can make their own decisions about  ultimate matters, about last things for themselves under the dictates  of conscience, not trying to submit to the whims of politicians or  political movements. This is a great American blessing and we need to  reaffirm it and we need to reteach it every occasion we have that  opportunity.   Happily, the unanimous support for that resolution was an encouraging  step. Today, in a few minutes, when Brian Buescher is going to be  confirmed as a U.S. district judge for the District of Nebraska, we  will see another important step, which is a reaffirmation and a  confirmation to the American people that people of every faith and of  no faith--to Protestants and Catholics, Jews and Muslims, Hindus and  Buddhists, agnostics, atheists, and otherwise--that in America, you  have a place in the life of this Nation.   We don't have to resolve every conflict, even conflicts and arguments  and debates about things more important than politics. We don't have to  resolve every conflict to agree that we will live peaceably today in  this colony. This should be a reaffirmation of the basic American  belief that there is room in this country to disagree.   In fact, so much of what makes this country exceptional is that we do  disagree about some of the most important things and some of the  ultimate things. Yet we do it without severing all the temporal bonds  that bring us together as friends, neighbors, citizens, and patriots.   Brian is a good man, and I am convinced Brian is going to be a great  judge. I suspect that he and many of his other fellow Knights of  Columbus in Omaha are going to be organizing fish fries together again  next spring, and I look forward to joining them at those fish fries.   So today I am pleased to celebrate with Brian and his family and the  whole State of Nebraska his confirmation to the Federal bench, and I  celebrate, too, this victory for our principled American commitment to  religious liberty for each and every American.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   