 Mr. Speaker, first, I thank my colleagues, Mr. Engel and  the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for their leadership  on this bill, as well as, in particular, my colleague, Mr. Carter, for  helping push this bill through, and Dr. Burgess for his assistance in  leading the floor debate.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bill before us, because  as we all know, when loved ones become deathly ill, we are often left  feeling helpless, wanting to step in and somehow ease the burden, but  not sure how.   When my own mother became sick, there was nothing I wouldn't have  done, Mr. Speaker, to cure her. The woman who taught me how to live,  taught me how to die. She taught me that what truly mattered to her in  those times at the end of her life was the comfort of her home, the  comfort of her family, and that quality time spent with her loved ones  and her friends. Surrounded by a wonderful team of family, friends,  but, in particular, hospice care providers, we watched as her wishes  were met.   Physicians, nurses, social workers, and aides made sure her symptoms  were managed and that she was physically comfortable. But just as  important, if not more so, were the hospice volunteers who stepped in  to give mom companionship, normalcy at the end of her illness, and a  much-needed break by the loved ones who were caring for her, such as  myself and my brothers and sisters.   The experience changed my perspective on death and dying. Even now, I  am enormously thankful to the hospice staff and volunteers who stepped  in to give my mom, and countless others in the community and folks  across the country, quality of life when their days and her days were  limited.   We must ensure that there is a properly trained workforce to care for  those closest to us as they increase in age and become chronically and  terminally ill. Estimates show that there will be no more than 1  percent growth in the palliative care and hospice physician workforce  in the next 20 years, while the number of people eligible for  palliative care will increase by over 20 percent, Mr. Speaker.   Without a boost for palliative care education and training, there  will only be one palliative physician for every 26,000 seriously ill  patients by 2030. This bill promotes a strong American workforce when  it comes to our palliative and hospice volunteers and caregivers and  advanced training for those healthcare providers providing those  services amongst us.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, and I urge all of my colleagues  to support this legislation and vote ``yes'' this evening.   