 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of overriding the President's  veto of H.J. Res. 46.   One month ago, the House passed a bipartisan resolution to terminate  the so-called national emergency declared by President Trump. The  Senate has likewise voted on a broad bipartisan basis to reject that  emergency declaration, leaving President Trump to issue the first veto  of his Presidency.   I am more convinced than ever that the President's actions are not  only unlawful, they are deeply irresponsible. A core foundation of our  system of government--and of democracies across the world going back  hundreds of years--is that the executive cannot unilaterally spend  taxpayers' money without the legislature's consent.   The President shredded that concept when he declared an emergency  after he failed to get his way in a budget negotiation. As he often  does, he announced his intention to ignore Congress in plain sight for  all the world to see.   Meanwhile, hundreds of Americans have started receiving letters from  the Federal Government demanding entry  [[Page H2808]]  onto their land. Soon our fellow citizens' backyards may be seized in  order to build a medieval border wall that Congress and the American  people do not want.   The senseless diversion of military resources to the southern border  has also created concerns about our troops' combat readiness and their  ability to implement other key priorities, and the Trump administration  appears to be deciding on the fly which military construction projects  they are planning to raid, leaving our men and women in uniform and  everyone else who might be affected in a prolonged state of  uncertainty. This type of chaos and confusion is the inevitable result  when the President ignores the express will of Congress.   The Judiciary Committee recently held a hearing to discuss the  National Emergencies Act and to begin considering reforms to check  abuses of this power. I was heartened by the enthusiasm on both sides  of the aisle for such efforts, and I look forward to continuing to work  with my colleagues on these proposals.   But these longer term reform efforts should not detract from our  responsibility to address what the President is doing right now.  President Trump's invention of a so-called national emergency to suit  his political goals and to get around Congress' refusal of the funding  request is intolerable, and I will be proud to cast my vote to override  his veto.   