 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to offer a few  reflections in these opening days--now opening weeks--of the 116th  Congress.   On January 3, I was honored to be sworn in as the 91st Senate  President pro tempore. As many of you know, I love history. I studied  to be a history teacher, and I have devoted six decades of my life to  public service where, maybe, I helped make a little history along the  way. I have represented the people of Iowa as a legislator since 1958.   At the age of 25, as the youngest legislator in the Iowa State House,  I never dreamed that one day I would be named a constitutional officer  in the Senate.   For the last 38 years, it has been my great privilege to serve and  represent the people of Iowa as a Senator. It is with great pride on  behalf of my home State that I step into this leadership role and  follow in the footsteps of my predecessors as President pro tempore of  the Senate. In fact, one of those predecessors is from my home State.  It was 100 years ago exactly that Iowa Republican Senator Albert Baird  Cummins became the 68th Senate President pro tempore. He served as  President pro tempore from 1919 until 1925.   In my nearly four decades here in the Senate, I served alongside  seven Presidents pro tempore: Senator Thurmond, of South Carolina;  Senator Stennis, of Mississippi; Senator Byrd, of West Virginia;  Senator Stevens, of Alaska; Senator Inouye, of Hawaii; Senator Leahy,  of Vermont; and Senator Hatch, of Utah. Each served with honor and  distinction, bringing their own style and substance to this office.   When Senator Byrd was elected to this office, he noted that ``the  election of a Senator to the office of the President pro tempore has  always been considered one of the highest honors offered to a Senator  by the Senate body.''   I am proud to join the ranks of this impressive and respected group  of public servants and legislators. Article I of the Constitution  directs that a President pro tempore be chosen by the Senate. The  President pro tempore serves as the President of the Senate when the  Vice President is unavailable and serves a number of other ceremonial  and ministerial functions.   I appreciate the support of my colleagues who elected me to this  position. In Federalist No. 62, James Madison considered it a virtue  that Senators have ``more advanced age and a longer period of  citizenship.'' Traditionally, the President pro tempore has also served  as a senior statesman for the Senate, standing up for the values that  make the Senate the world's greatest deliberative body. Perhaps that is  why it is customary for a Senator of the majority party with the  longest record of continuous service to become President pro tempore.   When you have been here as long as I have, you learn some very  valuable lessons. You learn that you have to work hard, put your  constituents first, and stand up for your principles. That is also how  you happen to get reelected by the people of your State. Because the  Senate is not a majoritarian body, you also learn that in order to get  anything important done, you have to seek consensus and develop  relationships, and develop those relationships on both sides of the  aisle. You have to learn the art of negotiation and bipartisan  compromise, something that seems to be missing right now as the  government is shut down. You also learn that it is not enough to pass  laws. You also have to make sure that those laws are followed and that  the taxpayer dollars are spent appropriately according to what Congress  intends in the law.   The humorist Will Rogers once said that about all he could say about  the Senate is that it opens with a prayer and it closes with an  investigation. In my experience, that is not always a bad thing because  it is by conducting oversight and investigations that we hold the  executive branch responsible to the  [[Page S671]]  taxpayers--no matter which party is in power. That is why I have always  dedicated a significant amount of resources to oversight, even when I  was a new Senator. That is why, when some have suggested that Agencies  should only respond to the oversight requests of committee chairmen and  ranking members, I have fought back--even when 2 years ago, the new  administration under Trump tried to say that only chairmen and ranking  members should get this information--because I believe that every  Senator has a duty to the taxpayers who sent us here to take an active  part in congressional oversight efforts.   The Supreme Court observed in Watkins v. United States that ``the  power of Congress to conduct investigations is inherent in the  legislative process.'' Oversight helps us to write better bills and to  be wiser with taxpayer dollars. It is also how we make the Agencies  accountable to the American people.    Over time, as our government has grown in size, Congress has  delegated more and more power to the executive branch--probably more  power than we should have. Some of the delegation is necessary for the  government to function efficiently, but there is an inherent danger  whenever Congress delegates power to the executive branch, especially  if we delegate legislative authority.   When they drafted the Constitution, the Founders of our Nation were  rightfully concerned that those in power would be tempted to abuse  power in favor of their own interests. As we all studied in high school  government, to prevent this, the Founders divided power among three  branches of government and set up a system of government in which, to  paraphrase James Madison in Federalist No. 51: Ambition [is] made to  counteract ambition. It is through this system of checks and balances  between ambitious branches of government that our fundamental liberties  are protected. The concentration of too much power in the executive  branch upsets the careful balance of the separated powers that was  envisioned by our Founders.   As legislators, it is our duty then, as the Founders rightfully  intended, for us to protect and defend the interests of our branch of  government. So, when we write laws, we must be careful not to cede too  much authority to the executive branch, and we must make sure that if  we have delegated authority, we conduct rigorous oversight to make sure  it is being used appropriately. It is only through rigorous oversight  that we make sure that the government of the people and by the people  then works for the people.   As President pro tempore, I will assure my colleagues and my  constituents that I will bring the same Iowa work ethic, decency, and  integrity to this job that I have cultivated throughout my years of  public service. Like my President pro tempore predecessors, I will work  to uphold the dignity and decorum of this body and to defend the  Senate's institutional interests. It is what our Founders expected and  the American people deserve.   Each Member of the Senate is privileged to serve. I especially  welcome nine of the newest Members to the Senate. There are seven  Republicans and two Democrats who are new: Senator Blackburn of  Tennessee, Senator Braun of Indiana, Senator Cramer of North Dakota,  Senator Hawley of Missouri, Senator McSally of Arizona, Senator Romney  of Utah, Senator Rosen of Nevada, Senator Sinema of Arizona, and  Senator Scott of Florida.   To my newest colleagues whom I have just named and, of course, to all  of my colleagues who have been around here for quite a while, I want  you to know my door is open. As I tell a lot of new colleagues--and I  can repeat it for older colleagues--if you want to know anything about  what Chuck Grassley is thinking or doing, just ask me. I will bet, 99  percent of the time, I will be able to tell you exactly what it is. If  I can't, I will be glad to tell you why I can't tell you. I look  forward to working with each of you in the weeks, months, and years  ahead.   With great honor and, of course, humility, I look forward to my  service as President pro tempore. Like my good friend and our most  recent President pro tempore, Orrin Hatch, I look forward to opening  the people's business each day in the Senate. I will then work the rest  of that day to deliver on my commitment to find solutions to our  country's most pressing problems, to seek common ground with my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and to exercise rigorous  oversight over the other branches of government. Our Nation's most  pressing problem today is that of getting the government opened up.   I thank my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   