 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the news cycle is relentless here in  Washington, DC, and between cable TV and social media, it is pretty  hard to remember what happened an hour or a day or a week ago, but it  is important to talk about the context surrounding today's  circumstances, and that is why I wanted to come talk a little bit more  about what is happening on our southern border.   Twelve hundred miles of Texas is common border with Mexico, and we  are at ground zero when it comes to what comes across the border and  what happens at the border. Frankly, it is a lot more complicated than  most people seem to appreciate, at least by the way they talk about it.   Not only is the border a source of economic energy for our country,  by trade and legitimate travel, we know our border communities  themselves are among the safest in the country. Their crime statistics  are basically equivalent to that of any other comparable city in any  other part of the country, but what happens across the border is a very  different story.   Some of the most dangerous cities in Mexico are right there along the  border, primarily because they are still controlled by the cartels that  operate what are called plazas where they essentially take tolls or  shake down people who are trying to come across for whatever purpose it  might be, whether it is people coming across to find a job in the  United States or drug traffickers or human traffickers--people selling  women and children for sex or human servitude.   So it is a complicated scenario, to be sure, but one thing I can tell  you is, there is a humanitarian crisis at the border that was not  manufactured by the Trump administration. In fact, the denial in which  a lot of our Democratic colleagues find themselves I think is more  related to the fact that President Trump is the one currently  identifying it rather than the facts on the ground because, in 2014,  President Obama called what was happening at the border a humanitarian  crisis, and that did not seem to be a controversial comment at the  time, but now that President Trump is calling this a crisis and  emergency, people, unfortunately, can't take off their partisan jersey,  and many call it a fake emergency or fake crisis, which is demonstrably  false.   Let's go back to 2014. That year, about 68,000 families were  apprehended at the southern border, an overwhelming number. This,  coupled with an unprecedented surge of unaccompanied children, led  President Obama, as I mentioned, to call this a ``growing humanitarian  and security crisis.'' That was President Obama. He was right,  especially about the growing part.   Let me just pause for a moment to talk about why are we seeing  children and families coming across the border as opposed to adult men.   We detained about 400,000 people coming across the border last year,  but we are seeing more and more unaccompanied children and family units  coming across the border. The simple fact is, the criminal  organizations that exploit this vulnerability at our border have  figured out what our laws provide for and where the gaps are, and they  realize, if an unaccompanied child or a family unit comes across the  border, current law requires us to separate the adult from the child-- because we don't want to put a child in a jail or detention facility-- and place them, through Health and Human Services, with a sponsor,  ultimately, in the United States.   Once they get a sponsor in the United States, then it may be years,  if ever, before their asylum claim is actually heard in front of an  immigration judge. The fact is, in the vast majority of circumstances,  that asylum claim will be granted--or I should say mooted by the fact  that people don't show up months and years later for their hearing in  front of the immigration judge but simply melt into the great American  landscape.   In this case, the cartels win, and American border security loses  because our Democratic colleagues simply refuse to work with us to make  commonsense fixes to this broken asylum system which allows the cartels  and children and family units to essentially exploit the  vulnerabilities in our laws and successfully make their way into the  country.   That is what they call a pull factor. There are push factors because  of the violence occurring in countries in Central America, but the pull  factor is the fact that if you try to come to the United States as an  unaccompanied  [[Page S1814]]  child or a family unit, you will likely succeed. So it should be no  surprise to any of us that these numbers continue to grow.   Back when President Obama talked about this being a growing  humanitarian and security crisis, there were 68,000 family units  apprehended at the border. In the last 5 months alone this year, there  have been more than 136,000 family units apprehended along the southern  border.   Historically, we witness the highest numbers of apprehensions in the  spring and summer months, so I anticipate things will not get better-- they will only get worse--in the months ahead. My State and our border  communities are certainly feeling the brunt of these growing numbers.   We also know, as the Border Patrol has told us, that the cartels that  move illegal drugs into the United States frequently try to flood the  border with migrants, these family units, in order to distract law  enforcement personnel from the heroin or the methamphetamine or the  synthetic opioids, mainly fentanyl, that come across our border and  poison so many Americans.   We know that last year alone, more than 70,000 Americans died of drug  overdoses. A substantial amount of that was opioids, including the  synthetic fentanyl. Frequently, the precursors come from China through  Mexico and into the United States, and 90 percent of the heroin used in  the United States comes from Mexico. This is a serious matter, and we  should not turn a blind eye to it.   Compared to this time last year, family unit apprehensions have grown  200 percent in the Rio Grande Valley Sector. That is McAllen, TX, and  that area. They are up more than 490 percent in the Del Rio Sector,  and, most staggering, in the El Paso Sector, family unit apprehensions  have increased more than 1,600 percent.   For those who believe this is somehow a fake emergency or not really  a crisis, I would ask them: If those numbers were doubled or tripled,  would they believe there is a crisis or an emergency? I believe there  is now, and I believe those who deny that a crisis exists are simply  turning a blind eye to it for, unfortunately, mainly partisan purposes.   Despite what many on the left claim, there is indeed a humanitarian  crisis on the border. In addition to the waves of Central Americans  arriving by the thousands, we are also trying to stop the flow of  illegal narcotics, as I said, and combat the disgusting practice of  human smuggling.   Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee heard from U.S. Customs and  Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan, who leads the more than  60,000 professionals working to provide security and a safe place for  trade to come across our ports of entry. Many of these employees of  Customs and Border Protection call Texas home and work alongside of  State and local law enforcement to protect us and our neighbors from  the dangerous goods and, yes, persons trying to cross the border  illegally.   Of course, the C in CBP stands for Customs, and they are also charged  with promoting the safe and efficient movement of legitimate trade and  travel. In Texas, given our proximity to the border, given our  location, that is a big task. Our State is the No. 1 exporter in the  country, with exports last year totaling more than $315 billion. That  is exporting things that we grow, livestock that we raise, and  manufactured goods that we make. We sell those to Mexico, our biggest  customer far and away.   Folks who live and work along the southern border are proud of the  strong bonds our country has with our southern neighbor and the dynamic  culture in the region. Many have family on both sides of the border,  which makes it an extraordinarily unique place in our country. Thanks  to the dedicated Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials,  flourishing businesses, and a vibrant community, the border region is  thriving.   I was on the telephone with one of my constituents from McAllen, TX,  yesterday. He said: Our cities on the border are safe. You would think,  from what you hear from the national discussion and debates in  Washington, that people have to wear body armor in McAllen, TX.   I said: Well, part of the problem is that people are confusing the  dangerous flow of goods and people across the border with actual  violence occurring on the border.   Just to reiterate, our border communities on the U.S. side are some  of the safest in the country. On the other side, for example, Juarez,  which is on the other side of the border from El Paso, has historically  been one of the most dangerous places on the planet, as well as  Tamaulipas, which is the Mexican State right opposite of McAllen-- again, a hot bed of cartel activity and violence.   But U.S. cities, I would say, are relatively safe, just like any  other comparable city in the United States. So people perhaps not  knowing better or, maybe, perhaps just trying to make a better story  out of the facts, and I think conflate these ideas. But there is no  doubt that the drugs, the human trafficking, and the masses of humanity  coming across our border are creating a crisis at the border of a  humanitarian and security nature.   Of course, between the ports of entry--and the ports of entry are  where the legitimate trade and travel come across our international  bridges--there are vast swaths of land that are relatively unpatrolled.  The closest Border Patrol agent could be miles away--something human  smugglers know and they exploit. These aren't good Samaritans leading  immigrants to a better life. They are criminals who put profit before  people and have zero regard for human life.   According to a 2017 study by Doctors Without Borders, 68 percent of  the migrants reported being victims of violence during transit from  Mexico or through Mexico, and 31 percent of the women surveyed had been  sexually abused during the journey. These are the migrants who turn  themselves over to the tender mercies of these criminal organizations.  Sixty-eight percent have been victims of violence, and 31 percent of  the women have been sexually assaulted. The journey these families face  on their way to the United States is a harrowing one, and some of them  don't make it. We have to continue working to stop anyone even  considering this journey from attempting it.   I still remember going to Falfurrias, TX, which is away from the  border but is a Border Patrol checkpoint. What happens is that the  coyotes will bring people across the border, put them in stash houses  in sickening and inhumane conditions, and, then, when the time is  right, put them in a vehicle and transit them up our highway system.  The Falfurrias checkpoint in Brooks County is one of the ones that  checks people coming through on their way into the mainland.   But what happens is that the smugglers will tell the migrants: Get  out of the car before the checkpoint. Here is a milk carton or jug full  of water.   Maybe they give them some candy bars or the like, and say: We will  see you on the other side.   So many of the migrants--particularly in the hottest part of the  summer in Texas--unfortunately, die making that trip. I have been to  Brooks County and have seen some of the unidentified bones and remains  of migrants who died trying to make that trip.   Of course, you can imagine coming from Central America in the first  place. By the time they even get to Falfurrias and Brooks County and  the checkpoint, many of them are already suffering from exposure,  including dehydration.   As you can imagine, during the time I have been in the Senate, I have  spent a significant amount of time along the border meeting with CBP  personnel, law enforcement officials, small businesses, landowners,  community leaders, and other citizens about the challenges they and we  are facing and what it is we might be able to do here in Washington to  help. What I have heard repeatedly is that we need a three-pronged  approach.   I know we are primarily focused on or obsessed with physical  barriers, and that is certainly a piece of it, but that is only one of  the three elements that we need to deal with border security. We need  barriers in hard-to-control areas. We need personnel. We need the  Border Patrol. And, yes, we need technology. Technology can be a force  multiplier, we all know, to help the Border Patrol identify drug  smugglers or human traffickers or coyotes bringing human or economic  migrants across. What works best in one sector isn't  [[Page S1815]]  what is necessarily best for another. So this idea that we would build  a physical barrier across the entire State is just nonsense. That is  not what the President has proposed.    I remember that former Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly,  later the Chief of Staff, said: We are not proposing to build a wall  ``from sea to shining sea''--because he knew what we know, and that is  that what works best in one sector doesn't work well in another.   So we need to keep both the funding and the flexibility to provide  the most needed resources that will work best. That is not something we  should be trying to dictate or micromanage from thousands of miles  away. As I mentioned, the humanitarian crisis has evolved significantly  since 2014, and I have no doubt that it will continue to evolve in the  coming years. We need to continue the conversation with experts on the  ground and stakeholders on the ground and make sure that we can adapt  as the threat evolves.   Based on feedback from my constituents in Texas, the funding bill we  passed last month included five specific areas, including the Santa Ana  Wildlife Refuge and the National Butterfly Center, where barriers  cannot be constructed. It also included language stating that DHS must  consult with local elected officials in certain counties and towns. I  happen to believe that kind of consultation can be very positive and  can lead to a win-win situation.   I will mention just one location in Hidalgo County, TX. They are  right there on the river, and they had to improve the levees because  they were worried about the rains leading to floods and the destruction  that would follow. In order to deal with improvement of the levee  system, they actually worked with the Border Patrol to come up with  what they called a levee wall, which helped the Border Patrol control  the flow of migrants to places where they could be accessed most  easily, but it also provided the improvement in the levee system that  helped the Rio Grande Valley, and, particularly, Hidalgo County to  develop those counties without prohibitively high or even nonexistent  insurance coverage. So that is an example of how, by consulting with  local stakeholders, we can come up with win-win scenarios.   The border region's future is bright, thanks to the dedicated law  enforcement professionals, elected officials, and business community  leaders who keep it safe and prosperous, but we simply can't turn a  blind eye and ignore the high level of illegal migration and substances  moving across our border. We can't turn a blind eye to the migrants  being left for dead in the ranchlands by human smugglers. We can't  ignore the humanitarian crisis that continues to grow at an exponential  rate.   The President's emergency declaration was his commitment to finally  address the problems that overwhelmed our communities along the  southern border--both in 2014, when President Obama identified it, and  today. It is our duty to deliver real results--not only for the people  of Texas but for our friends to the south.   I have heard the concerns raised by my constituents and colleagues  about the use of emergency powers in this situation, and I share some  of those concerns. I still believe that the regular appropriations  process should always be used, but, unfortunately, we saw a refusal on  the part of the Speaker of the House and others to engage in bona fide  negotiations on border security funding, and that left the  administration with what it deemed to be an inadequate source of  revenue to do the border security measures they felt they needed in  order to address the humanitarian crisis.   Rather than engaging with the President and debating whether the  President has the authority to declare a national emergency for border  security--which he clearly does--I think our discussions should focus  on the structure of emergency powers laws moving forward and whether  Congress has delegated too much power, not just to this President but  to any President under these circumstances.   I think Brandeis University did a survey of all of the congressional  grants of emergency powers that Congress has made over the last years  and has identified 123 separate statutes which, if the President  declares a national emergency, will allow the President to reprogram  money that has been appropriated by Congress for various purposes. I  think that is a serious overdelegation of authority by Congress to the  executive branch, which is why I intend to cosponsor a bill introduced  by our colleague, Senator Lee from Utah, to give Congress a stronger  voice in the processes under the National Emergencies Act.   I am going to continue to come to the floor to argue with my  colleagues about what we need in that unique part of our country, which  is the border region, not only to have a prosperous region in America  but also to have a safer America. It is not as simple, frankly, as some  people would have it be, and it should not be the subject of  partisanship and game-playing, like we have seen the debate over border  security under the President's request become.   I yield the floor.    We yield back all time.   