 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   I rise today on behalf of hundreds of thousands of Dreamers.   Yesterday, the Supreme Court heard arguments over the future of  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or, as you heard, DACA  recipients. This decision will determine whether nearly 800,000  Dreamers will lose their legal protections to live and work in the  United States.   The average DACA recipient came to the U.S. as a young child and has  called our country their home for nearly 20 years. Denying their legal  rights or rescinding the promise made to them 7 years ago would be  immoral and wrong. They are students, teachers, first responders,  entrepreneurs, and community organizers who make our country stronger  and contribute to it every day.   Approximately 27,000 DACA recipients are currently employed as  healthcare workers and support staff. Rescinding DACA would be a direct  threat to the public health, as we heard from our colleague, Dr. Ruiz.  We rely on these people. So, at this moment, it would be a disaster to  not give them the legal status they need to remain in our country.   DACA recipients and their households hold a combined $24.1 billion in  spending power each year. In addition, DACA recipients boost Social  Security and Medicare through payroll taxes.   Many DACA recipients have completed high school, entered 4-year  colleges and universities, and graduated. College enrollment rates have  dramatically increased for DACA-eligible individuals, and completion  rates have skyrocketed.  [[Page H8817]]    Dreamers are our brothers and our sisters and our neighbors. They  don't know any other country as home. They were brought here as  children and, many times, as infants.   They built their lives here since they were little kids. They grew up  here in America learning our history and loving and celebrating our  culture and freedoms, just like any other American.   They work, they pay taxes, and, like millions before, they dream of  serving, too. Turning our backs on them is against our American values.   The choice is clear: We must keep our promise to Dreamers. We must  protect the dream and uphold DACA in the highest court of the land.   We heard here very recently from a friend on the other side how we  should open our hearts this holiday season to children who need  adoption, and he is correct. At the same time, we should open our  hearts to these children who came here, oftentimes, when they were  infants--no fault of their own; their parents brought them here. They  grew up in our country. In fact, many of them thought they were  American citizens until they became older.   Madam Speaker, in the words of our great colleague who recently  passed, Elijah Cummings: We are better than this. We are better than  deporting these children who have never known another country other  than our own. We are better than this, and hopefully the Supreme Court  is better than this.   