 Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member McHenry for  his leadership on this issue.   Let me start by saying that I fully support the Export-Import Bank  and recognize the important role that the Bank plays in supporting  businesses and jobs across my district and State.   This is my first time having the opportunity to vote on this and  state that, and I want to state it emphatically.   I appreciate that the majority leader and Mr. Heck have articulated  what specifically is at issue here. And what is at issue here is that  outside groups have captured this bill and objected to every single  provision, no matter how small, dealing with the People's Republic of  China.   They objected, in particular, to an amendment that I offered that  would require exporters receiving Ex-Im assistance to certify that they  do not punish their employees for private communications on issues that  China is so sensitive to, specifically, freedom in Hong Kong and human  rights in Xinjiang and Tibet--not throwing China out of the WTO, though  I am very, very happy to have a debate on that.   But that is not what this was about. This was about preventing our  companies from censoring their own employees, domestic employees, on  their own time, in the comfort of their own home.   Nothing in this amendment would have affected a company's policies in  the workplace or its ability to manage business communications. But  when employees are expressing themselves on their own time and if they  want to stand by victims of oppression, an Ex-Im beneficiary wouldn't  have been able to retaliate against them.    I was disheartened that the majority would not allow this body to  debate and vote on this commonsense amendment that would have protected  the free speech of American workers.   And a final point, because I have a feeling that somebody is about to  read back to me what they believe they know about my district.   We have a wonderful system, and in our system of government, we  represent our own districts. Okay? We  [[Page H8856]]  know our districts better than anybody else. That is why we are here.   On behalf of northeast Ohio, let me tell you, China has absolutely  decimated our manufacturing sector, and I am proud to vote ``no'' on  this bill.   