 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My amendment is about creating economic opportunities in Indian  Country. It is about improving housing conditions, creating jobs, and  helping Native communities meet their community development needs.   It is a bipartisan amendment, and it provides an additional $5  million for the Indian Community Development Block Grant program, which  is one of the most flexible, most competitive grant programs of its  kind and, might I add, one of the most effective.   Frankly, I was disappointed to see the President's budget request  attempt to eliminate the program, especially when the problem statement  associated with the need to increase our investment in infrastructure  is so clear.   I have said it before, and I will say it again here today: We are in  the middle of a housing crisis, in large part because we simply do not  have enough homes.   While it is true that housing shortages exist across the country,  nowhere is the issue more pronounced than it is in Native American  communities. Native Americans experience worse housing conditions and a  higher incidence of homelessness than nearly every other demographic.   One of the most important duties I have as a Member of Congress is  ensuring the sovereignty of the four Tribes in my district that I have  the privilege to represent, as well as the 29 Tribes in my State, and  to help them as they work to provide better opportunities for Tribal  members.   That is our Federal trust responsibility. Cutting this program  violates that trust responsibility. I urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting the Indian Community Development Block Grant program and, in  doing so, supporting the many Native American communities who will  benefit from it.   Finally, I thank my colleagues, Representatives Don Young, Gwen  Moore, Jared Huffman, Deb Haaland, and Tulsi Gabbard, for joining me in  offering this bipartisan amendment.   I also sincerely thank Chairman Price and his staff for putting  together such a comprehensive appropriations package that funds our  Nation's vital transportation and housing programs.   Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chair of the subcommittee, again,  very much.   It seems to me that often around here, we have solutions in search of  problems. That is absolutely not the case in this instance. The problem  statement here is clear. It is screaming in its need and the depth of  the need.   As a consequence, again, I thank the chair of the subcommittee and  the bipartisan cosponsors of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   