 Mr. President, the decision earlier this week to undo the  Affordable Care Act--the decision made by a bunch of unelected  bureaucrats at the Department of Justice--is nothing short of a slap in  the face to our democracy.   The Affordable Care Act was passed by majorities in the House and the  Senate; it was upheld by the Supreme Court; and it continues to be  supported by folks on both sides of the aisle.   Nonetheless, the Department of Justice, through the direction of the  President of the United States, has decided to undo the ACA and all the  things that are in the ACA.   This isn't the first time. For the last nearly decade, I have heard a  seemingly endless number of speeches on the floor of this body, and we  have seen vote after vote after vote after vote, under both Republican  and Democratic leadership, to repeal the ACA. It hasn't succeeded.   So what the Department of Justice decided to do is take the law into  their own hands and circumvent the legislative process. I guess they  felt they had no other choice.   It didn't just happen this week. Last summer, they refused to defend  a provision of the ACA that protects people with preexisting  conditions. That is pretty interesting.   My best friend in life, other than my wife, has diabetes, and he is  somebody who has fought diabetes since we were in junior high. His  folks didn't have diabetes, but he did. He still does.   He was not able to have health insurance that was affordable until  the ACA came along. He wasn't even allowed to change jobs for fear that  when he did get health insurance when he changed jobs, he would lose it  and then have to go uninsured until--until--the ACA came along.   So when the DOJ decided to not defend the provision for preexisting  conditions, it left many of us scratching our heads.   Then, earlier this week, the administration took it even further by  lending its full-throated support for overturning the ACA in its  entirety, which would result in ripping healthcare away from tens of  millions of Americans.   This administration's actions would put millions of Americans at risk  by getting rid of every last protection that was enshrined in the law,  including Medicaid expansion and coverage for preexisting conditions  that are, without debate, providing lifesaving and affordable  healthcare to folks across this country.   If they, the administration, succeed in dismantling our healthcare  system, I guarantee you the cost of healthcare will rise through the  roof.   Oh, yes--no, no--they will point to junk plans. There are junk plans  out there. They are cheap, but they are called junk for a reason. Just  hope, if you have a junk plan, you never get sick because they are  junk.   Dismantling this healthcare system not only will cause healthcare to  go through the roof--because we are going back to the old system--there  is no replace here. They will replace it with the old system. It will  imperil the sustainability of our hospitals across this country but  particularly in rural and frontier communities.   Don't ask me about this; ask hospital administrators. They will tell  you that if the healthcare bill is repealed, they will either have to  change the entire way they provide healthcare or close entirely. Once  again, it will mean American families are just one devastating  diagnosis away from bankruptcy, particularly if you live in rural  America.   This administration's heartless decision is going to have devastating  consequences on Montana's families. Let me give some statistics from a  Montana perspective:   Fifty thousand Montanans who buy their healthcare coverage on the ACA  market would lose that. Now, 50,000 is not many people, right? In a  State of just over 1 million, that is a lot of people.   Ninety thousand Montanans who receive coverage as a result of  Medicaid expansion would lose their coverage. I have told the story  many times about a gentleman in Butte, MT, who was fighting diabetes  and, by his own admission, mental health problems. This guy was about  45 years old, by the way. When the legislature expanded Medicaid 2  years ago, he was able to get healthcare to finally get his diabetes  under control, and he was able to see a psychologist to get the tools  he needed to take care of his own mental health. It resulted in his  ability--for the first time in his life, he said--to be able to get a  full-time job and support his family. He was incredibly proud of that.  [[Page S2077]]  That is one story of many across Montana and across this country, where  Medicaid expansion has done an incredible job getting people back into  the economy and helping build our economy. Know, once the ACA is  repealed, Medicaid expansion is gone.   In Montana, we have 152,000 Montanans with preexisting conditions  that before the ACA would disqualify them from coverage for healthcare.  If the ACA is repealed, they could once again face lifetime caps; so,  when you get sick and need that health insurance the most, it will not  be there because you would be up against a cap.   They already have Medicare, where more than 110,000 Montana seniors  rely on Medicare prescription drug plans for coverage of prescription  drugs. That is going to be gone. It would reopen the doughnut hole and  make hundreds of thousands responsible for increased costs.   I can tell you, in Montana, where poverty is the highest is in Indian  Country. They would lose their assistance to purchase coverage or cost- sharing reductions to eliminate out-of-pocket expenses--these are our  Native Americans--or those who were able to get on expanded Medicaid  would lose that.   These aren't nameless, faceless folks. These are folks like Donna  from Big Timber, who, after battling cancer, wouldn't be able to access  quality, affordable healthcare without the ACA. They are people like  Jeffrey from Great Falls, who has a daughter with special needs and  owns a business. He told me his family and business would both fall  apart without the ACA. It means the many folks in Libby who rely on  quality insurance to access their community health center to address  the unique healthcare challenges their government promised to protect  would be gone.   Look, I have sat in this body, and I have heard speech after speech  after speech about the ACA, what it does good and what it does not so  good, but I am telling you, if you want to cause a train wreck in  healthcare, this is a great way to do it--repeal it and let everybody  be on their own--and it is not going to be pretty.   If you start losing rural hospitals in rural America, they will not  come back. You will see further depopulation in rural America--because,  by the way, that golden hour is called golden for a reason when you get  hurt. If that hospital isn't there, you are more likely to go live in a  more urban population center where healthcare is more expensive.   Nobody in this body has ever said the ACA was perfect, but I firmly  believe it was a lot better than what we had. We always have the  opportunity to step forth and improve it. Repealing it is not improving  it.   What repealing is, is a campaign promise. We have heard them before:  We are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare. We are going  to build a wall on the southern border, no matter if it separates  farmers from their land, no matter if it creates a different border on  the southern border. It was a campaign promise, just like repealing the  ACA was.   The reason we are in single-digit popularity in this body is that we  don't listen to the people. We listen to a select few who have certain  people's ears in this body, and we don't make decisions based on what  is best for this country and the people who live here. This is just  another example of that.   It is time the Members of the greatest deliberative body wake up,  take the ACA and improve the things that are wrong with it, and do our  level best to make sure people can afford to get sick. It is pretty  basic.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   