 Mr. Speaker, as the top Republican on the Energy and  Commerce Committee, I enjoy the relationship and camaraderie I have  with the Natural Resources Committee, and I want to thank the gentleman  from Utah and my friend Mr. Grijalva, the chairman of the committee for  once again bringing this measure forward affecting Crooked River Ranch.   The Crooked River Ranch Fire Protection Act is essential to saving  lives in central Oregon. With another wildfire season just on the  horizon, the people of Crooked River Ranch are really deeply concerned  that they could become the next Paradise, California, and they are  deeply concerned that their community could be turned into ash as  wildfire feeds off the dense fuel loads that surround this community of  5,000 people.   They are there because of a lack of proper management to thin out the  fuel loads because this area is in a wilderness study area. What we are  doing is moving the boundary back about 800 acres. So at the BLM, it  will all stay public. The BLM can come in and use mechanical treatment,  literally, to reduce juniper and sagebrush so that the firefighters can  come in and fight fire if they do get one.   We know what happens in this kind of terrain, the tragedy, the loss  of life, loss of homes, the loss of community. There are 5,000 people  out on a rim, if you will, in a canyon with only one way in and one way  out. The fire chief has told me that if fire breaks out and it is the  wrong kind with enough wind, he might not put his firefighters in  there. So today we are going to save lives, thanks to your work.    Harry Ward, the fire chief, said this ``has created a dangerous  environment and continues to threaten the people that live here.''   This legislation will adjust that WSA. The important public safety  legislation will give peace of mind to the residents of Crooked River  Ranch.   Last year, a fire only a few miles away burned 2,000 acres. It  destroyed two homes in less than a day. The next fire season is not far  away. We do not want to see images like this of homes turned to ash and  lives destroyed in central Oregon, where we have a real opportunity to  prevent that from happening thanks to this bipartisan legislation.   So I want to thank my Senators who worked on this. I want to thank  Mr. Grijalva and Mr. Bishop for their work on this, and I appreciate  its being brought in as part of the package of bills that now will go  to President Trump, who I am convinced will sign it into law.   