 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak for 5 minutes, followed by Senator Cortez Masto for  5 minutes, prior to the series of votes we will have.    Madam President and colleagues, at Fourth of July picnics  and parades, it is likely that complicated healthcare policy debates  are not exactly a central topic of conservation. I am pretty sure that  is the way the Trump administration wanted it to be.   Today, lawyers representing the Trump administration and a number of  Republican Governors are attempting to have the Affordable Care Act  ripped up and thrown out by a Federal court. They were unable to do  that in the Congress, so now they have headed off to try to get it done  in the courts. The case is happening in the Fifth Circuit in Louisiana.  This is not some theoretical exercise; this is an immediate threat to  the healthcare of millions and millions of Americans.   I want to be clear at the outset of these remarks what the bottom  line is. The bottom line is that eliminating protections for  preexisting conditions is now the official position of the Republican  Party. That is the centerpiece of what this court case attacks--the  ironclad, airtight guarantee at the heart of the Affordable Care Act  that insurance companies cannot discriminate against those with a  preexisting condition. The fact is, the Republican Party wants that  eliminated.   This attack on Americans' healthcare goes way beyond preexisting  conditions. What about prescription drug costs? Prescription drugs are  outrageously expensive right now, and the problem is getting worse  under the Trump administration. Prices are up more than 10 percent just  in the past 6 months. Americans are forced to make life-threatening  choices where they really have to balance their food bill against their  medicine bill and medicine against other necessities, like shelter. In  effect, Americans self-ration because their prescriptions just cost too  much.   If this lawsuit succeeds, prescription drug costs are going to  skyrocket even higher. If the Affordable Care Act is  [[Page S4723]]  thrown out, that will be the end of the requirement that health  insurance companies have to cover prescription drugs. Patients will be  forced into junk insurance plans that don't cover the care they  actually need. Millions of people of limited means would be kicked off  their Medicaid coverage. Millions of seniors would face higher drug  costs.   The bottom line: If this case is successful, it will launch a forced  march back to the days of yesteryear when healthcare was for the  healthy and the wealthy. The reason I say that is that is the way it  used to be. If you had a preexisting condition in the past, you were  just out of luck unless you had an enormous amount of money. The only  people who really could benefit were people who were healthy and people  who were wealthy. The Affordable Care Act changed that. More than 100  million people got a lifeline protection against discrimination if they  had a preexisting condition.   If the lawsuit succeeds, the biggest winners are going to be the  largest of the insurance companies and the drug manufacturers. They  would get the power they need to once again walk all over the American  people.   Here is the kicker: There is no replacement plan if the Affordable  Care Act is wiped out. The President keeps saying he has a big,  beautiful healthcare plan, and we always get the sense--it reminds you  of the movie house in the old days where it would say: Coming soon.  Movie coming soon. But it never actually gets there. There is never a  grand unveiling, and that is because there isn't a backup plan. This is  just an ideological crusade to make winners out of the most powerful  corporations and losers out of millions of working Americans.   Democrats in this Chamber have proposals ready to go to take a better  path, a better approach, and to protect the healthcare of our people,  blocking Trump's lawyers from using taxpayer dollars to destroy the  Affordable Care Act, banning junk insurance, which isn't worth much  more than the paper it is written on, and standing four-square behind  protecting people with a preexisting condition.   That is what the Senate ought to be working on so the Trump  administration can't bring on a healthcare nightmare for millions and  millions of Americans.   One of our most valuable members of the Senate Finance Committee has  joined us now, Senator Cortez Masto, and I am happy to yield to her to  close our time before the vote.   