 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for the  time and opportunity to speak today as the ranking member on the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.   I also want to thank the chair of the subcommittee, my friend and  fellow Great Lakes advocate, Congresswoman Betty McCollum. We have  worked tirelessly over the past month to negotiate a reasonable  compromise in order to be able to deliver the product before you today  and avoid a government shutdown.   While it is not the bill I would have written and there are things in  here that I might not necessarily agree with, I do believe that there  is more in this bill that unites us than divides us.   The bill increases America's investment in our own abundant energy  and mineral resources. It fully funds the Payments in Lieu of Taxes  program which is so critical to counties with Federal lands. It also  invests $1.8 billion for maintenance and construction of our Nation's  parks and our other public lands.   This agreement also provides for a 29 percent increase to fight  devastating wildfires that threaten our communities.   This agreement provides an additional $392 million for healthcare,  law enforcement, and related programs to honor our country's sacred  trust and treaty obligations to the American Indians and Alaska  Natives.   I am deeply proud of our nonpartisan efforts in support of these  important programs. But just as important as the targeted funding  increases are the longstanding policy provisions we have fought to hold  on to and the new poison pills that we have successfully fought to  eliminate.   For example, we have succeeded in continuing two provisions blocking  the Green New Deal regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from  livestock. We have successfully blocked an attempt to limit  reorganization of the Department of the Interior and relocation of the  BLM and EPA offices.   Finally, as a lifelong Ohioan, I want to highlight the work we did to  protect the Great Lakes, one of the greatest natural resources and  economic powerhouses in the United States. They hold 95 percent of the  United States' fresh surface water. The lakes also support over 1.5  million jobs and provide $62 billion in wages, annually.   Protecting the Great Lakes is not a red issue or a blue issue. Many  Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle understand the  important role the lakes play in our lives and the need to protect  them.   My colleague Betty McCollum has been a great partner to work with in  my fight to protect the Great Lakes, and I am happy to report the  conference agreement includes $320 million--a $20 million increase--for  the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which helps us provide and  address invasive species like Asian carp, reduce phosphorus runoff that  causes harmful algal blooms, and protect and preserve the Great Lakes  for future generations.   In closing, I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member  Granger for their leadership and the staffs on both sides of the aisle  for their extremely hard work to get the annual appropriations bills  over the finish line once again.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   