 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, our most fundamental responsibility as  Members of Congress is to provide for our Nation's defense, and a big  part of that is ensuring that our men and women in uniform have the  resources  [[Page S6634]]  they need to defend our country. That means, of course, that we have to  ensure that our military receives adequate funding to meet today's  priorities and to prepare for the threats of tomorrow. It also means we  need to ensure that our military receives timely funding.   Our military doesn't just need sufficient funding to cover defense  priorities; it also needs to receive that money on time, on a  predictable schedule. That means passing the Defense appropriations  bill before the end of each fiscal year instead of forcing the military  to rely on temporary funding measures that leave the military in doubt  about funding levels and unable to start important new projects.   Right now, we are almost 2 full months into the 2020 fiscal year. We  should have passed the Defense appropriations bill by the end of  September, but we didn't because, unfortunately, our Democratic  colleagues were unable to resist the chance to pick yet another fight  with the President. This wasn't supposed to happen. At the end of the  summer, the congressional leaders of both parties and the President  reached an agreement on funding levels for 2020 and 2021. The leaders  also agreed on a number of guidelines for appropriations bills,  including a ban on poison pills intended to derail appropriations  legislation. The idea behind this agreement was to pave the way for the  timely passage of appropriations bills and to prevent the kind of  situation we are in right now--almost 2 months behind on passing  defense and other funding. Unfortunately, the Democrats chose to renege  on this agreement.   The Senate Democrats are currently holding up defense funding by  insisting on the type of poison pills they promised to forgo just a few  months ago. The leader has attempted to bring up the Defense  appropriations bill twice, and both times the Senate Democrats have  filibustered the legislation. It is deeply disappointing. I understand  that my Democratic colleagues are looking for any opportunity to pick a  fight with the President, but funding for our men and women in uniform  should not be subjected to the Democrats' partisan whims.   Thanks to the Democrats, right now, our military is operating under a  continuing resolution that leaves the military short of the funding it  needs for the 2020 fiscal year. That has real consequences. In addition  to leaving the military underfunded, a continuing resolution prevents  the military from starting key projects that will help to ensure our  men and women in uniform will be prepared to meet the threats of the  future. The Pentagon can't start new procurement projects. New research  and development initiatives that keep us a step ahead of our  adversaries are put on hold. All told, under a continuing resolution,  the military's purchasing power is reduced by, roughly, $5 billion each  quarter.   To put that in perspective, that is the equivalent of losing out on  about 56 Joint Strike Fighter planes, depending on the variant, every 3  months. That $5 billion the Pentagon is going without is urgently  needed funding for critical military priorities. The longer the  Pentagon goes without this funding, the greater the consequences for  our military preparedness.   Playing politics with our national defense is unacceptable. We owe  our men and women in uniform timely, reliable, and adequate defense  funding, and we owe every man, woman, and child in the United States  the same thing. The safety of every person in this country depends on  the strength of our military. I hope that at least some of my  Democratic colleagues will see their way to joining the Republicans in  getting this year's Defense appropriations bill to the President's  desk. It is time to get our men and women in uniform the funding that  they need and that they deserve.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   