 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to these gun  control bills that are being brought forward. They are brought forward  under the guise of background checks.   Let's look at what these bills would actually do. We had identified  any number of problems with this bill that we were trying to improve,  and every one of those was shut out, shut out by the Democratic  majority who wanted to try to stifle the opposing side's debate because  they think just saying background checks makes this a good bill.   Let's talk about what this bill will do to make criminals--felons-- out of law-abiding citizens. If you loan your gun to a friend under  this bill, maybe they are thinking of buying a similar gun to protect  themselves and they want to go to a shooting range to see if this gun  is the right kind of gun to protect themselves with, which they have a  right to do under the Second Amendment of this Constitution, loaning  your gun to that friend in that act would make you a felon subject to a  year in jail and subject to a $100,000 fine, Mr. Chairman.   We tried to fix that. They shut that amendment out.   In this bill, if you loan your gun to a friend who maybe has been a  victim of domestic violence--and one of my colleagues who is here in  opposition to this bill is one of those victims of domestic violence.  She had an amendment to fix this bill to say, if she has got a  temporary restraining order against her boyfriend who has been beating  her and she is afraid he is going to come back tonight, under one of  the bills, if she goes to buy a gun tonight and the Fix NICS system  isn't working, she may have 20 business days to get that gun.   Now, good luck if the boyfriend shows up to beat her up that night  and she says: Don't worry, I am on day 8. I only have another 12 days  before I can buy the gun. Will you come back so I can defend myself  then?   Do you really think that is going to happen?   You know what that means to her.   So in the bill we said: What if you can loan your gun to her?   She goes to a friend and says: I know you have a gun. I don't have a  gun. I am trying to protect myself because I have got a TRO, but I know  he is probably going to come back.   Under this bill, you will be a felon, a year in jail, $100,000 fine.  We tried to fix that, too, Mr. Chairman, and they shut that amendment  out. That is what this bill does.   Oh, by the way, we are talking about law-abiding citizens here. If  you go hunting with a buddy and you try to loan your gun to a buddy,  Mr. Chairman, they say there is an exemption in the bill. But it is  written so vaguely that you not only need to bring your hunting  partner, you might need to bring your attorney to find out if loaning  your shotgun to your friend makes you a felon under this bill.   These are law-abiding citizens. These are people who use guns to  defend themselves, which is the basis of the Second Amendment. Our  Founding Fathers believed every American has the right to defend  themselves, because every day, on average, in this country guns are  used by good people to defend themselves against bad people, and it is  going to make it harder for them to get access to these guns to defend  themselves. So, again, we tried to fix some of these problems.   Mr. Chairman, let me tell you about another problem we tried to  identify and fix. If you loan your gun, you will be a felon.    So now we have identified areas where law-abiding  citizens can become felons. We tried to fix it; they wanted that to  stay in place.   So what is that motivation?   But then we identified another problem. If someone who is in this  country illegally goes to buy a gun and the system flags them, and it  says: Wait a minute, this person is not even here legally. They are  breaking Federal law trying to buy a gun. We said that we should notify  ICE so at least our Border Patrol agents in the interior can deport  them. They blocked that amendment.   So now a law-abiding citizen can become a felon under their bill, but  someone who is here illegally trying to buy a gun in violation of the  law can't be turned over to authorities. This is a bad gun control  bill, and we ought to reject it.   