 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Madam Chairwoman for her work on the  underlying bill.   Mr. Chairman, I am offering this amendment because one of the most  pressing problems in my district in western Pennsylvania and in America  as a whole has been the massive erosion of our manufacturing and  industrial base, particularly in the last 20 years. Many people view  this as an older problem, but, in fact, it is since the year 2000 that  we have shed millions and millions of jobs, lost mostly to China and  some to Mexico.   But today, in my district, there still remains a plant that makes  large steel components for nuclear reactors and nuclear power plants  and the Navy's nuclear fleet. They are organized by the IBEW. These are  good-paying jobs in the manufacturing base that have remained.   And so the question is: How did those jobs get there, and why did  they remain? The answer is because the United States Government has  performed its historic role to drive open and create a new market and  preserve that market with the partnership of private industry--and that  is the market for nuclear energy.   If the United States hadn't made its investments in the 1940s and  1950s, they never would have opened the first nuclear reactor for  civilian use in my district in Beaver Valley; we never would have had  15,000 people working in nuclear energy directly in Pennsylvania today:  71 additional companies and thousands and thousands of more  manufacturing jobs that allow us to sell nuclear technology all around  the world.   Of the many tools the U.S. Government has used for this purpose, the  Export-Import Bank is an important one. They have helped drive open  these new markets overseas and make it possible for historic companies  like Westinghouse to sell their technology all over the world, with it  still being made and manufactured in the United States.   And so, today, as we vote to reauthorize this Bank, I would ask to  add an amendment that will make sure that not only will we defend the  jobs we have already created, but we will play some offense and create  some new jobs. And if we are going to play offense, we will keep score;  we will make sure we know exactly how many jobs are both preserved and  created in the energy and related manufacturing sectors.   In our district, there is a company called Eaton that makes software  and hardware products to integrate clean energy into the grid both in  the United States and overseas. They are one of the biggest users of  Ex-Im financing in my district. For them to create new manufacturing  jobs to sell new ways to integrate clean energy all over the world,  they need this reauthorization.   Just earlier this year, I met a Pennsylvanian who is working on a  design for wind turbines that look a lot more like helicopter blades  than they do like the windmills we tend to see today. An entrepreneur  like this will benefit from the role his government plays in  reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank, and we need to take careful account of  every single new job that is created from new opportunities like this  one.   Mr. Chair, this is the United States Government at its finest. We  will keep score on the work we do on the Ex-Im Bank so that we will  win. These jobs and these markets will be created somewhere. Our duty  is to make sure it is here.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his words, and again,  I would commend the chairwoman for including all energy sources and  technology in this bill.   I think our debate going forward will be more honest and accurate  when we have a score of how many jobs have been created, so we not only  are talking about energy sources in the abstract, but we can tie them  to a specific job number for hardworking American families.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   