 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, just to give the Senate body a quick  update of what is happening in my State right now, we have had some  pretty dramatic flooding and over 15 tornadoes in the last 48 hours  across the State. Thankfully, most of those tornadoes hit in open  areas. They did not hit structures. There have been some structures  that have been damaged, but the flooding has been far worse than the  tornadoes and the high winds.   Just 2 nights ago, in one of our counties, Osage County, we had  severe flash flooding, where from 10 p.m. to 2:30 in the morning, over  100 different homes had to be evacuated in the middle of the night.  Many of those folks had law enforcement, firefighters, and first  responders arriving at their home with a boat or with a truck to get  them out, literally, in their pajamas so they could escape. Many of  those homes have 4 to 6 feet of water in them now.   It has been intense for those folks who are in the area. In fact, it  is interesting. The director of emergency management for that area  spent the entire night saving homes and helping people get out. When  dawn broke and they knew they had gotten everyone out, he headed back  to his own house only to find out he could no longer get to his home  anymore because of the floodwaters.   We have had folks all over the State, whether that be in Perry, where  we had two homes that were destroyed in a tornado that night that,  thankfully, did not hit the center of town. We had other spots, like  around Eufaula, where we had some serious flooding; Stillwater, where  there has been flooding. In Dale we had a very dangerous overnight  tornado that came in, literally, while everyone was sleeping. There are  pockets of folks who are there who have been affected by this,  literally, all over the State.   For the department of transportation folks, for the folks in our  police and fire departments, for the emergency management individuals-- both for the State and the counties--for mayors and city managers, for  hospitals, for county workers, for city staff, for the Corps of  Engineers, and, quite frankly, for just neighbors down the street, it  has been a long week. There have been a lot of folks serving each other  to take care of those needs, and there will be for a while.   I thought this body would need a quick update because sometimes  people feel a long way from the center of the country when you are in  Washington, DC, but we need to understand what is happening in the  center of the country right now--literally, the center of America. It  is affecting all Americans.   