 Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my colleagues, Mr.  Buck and Ms. Lofgren, for attempting to do something to solve a problem  that has gone on for a long time that has not been solved.  Unfortunately, this bill will not solve that problem.   This bill will create the same situation we have had since 1986,  because this bill focuses on amnesty, not on a guest worker program  that our producers need.   I appreciate their efforts, but, again, I have worked around  agriculture since I was 15, picking vegetables, loading vegetables,  talking to farmers. And as a veterinarian, working for 30 years in that  profession, I know the dairy situation.   I have talked to the migrant, and I have talked producer. This bill  will not fulfill that need.   This bill will allow people to get amnesty. They will leave  agriculture and they will go into another industry. Therefore, they are  not going to solve the labor shortage of this country.   That is why there are alternatives out there. We have got a bill that  we worked on in a bipartisan manner, that we have got strong support in  industry, and it solves this problem. It creates a dedicated workforce  for agriculture.   As you go through this bill, you see amnesty after amnesty. And,  again, it does not solve the problem.   Our bill allows people to enter the country legally. They are  automatically enrolled in the E-Verify system. This bill promises to  put the E-Verify system in place once it is implemented. We have heard  that rhetoric out of Washington before. Once it is implemented, we will  fix it.   This is the wrong way to go because this bill, again, will not create  a predictable, certain, and reliable workforce for our agricultural  producers. And I hear over and over again, the biggest challenge to our  producers is a labor shortage.   We are getting to a point in this country where the next generation  will not farm because of the unpredictability that this body has  created, and this bill will not solve that.   And we are getting to a point where either we are going to import our  labor, or we are going to import our produce. A nation that imports its  produce is not a secure nation. This bill will not fix it. This will  make it worse.   