 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H. Res. 246 and to voice my  relentless opposition to the Global Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions  campaign that seeks to delegitimize the State of Israel and deny the  Jewish people--and only the Jewish people--the right to self- determination.   This resolution reminds us that boycotts have been previously used as  tools for social justice in this very country. But BDS doesn't seek  social justice. It seeks a world in which the State of Israel does not  exist.   It is not incompatible to support a strong, secure Jewish State of  Israel and to support human rights, dignity, and prosperity for the  Palestinian people. It is incompatible, however, to support BDS and  claim to support two states for two people when BDS envisions Palestine  from the river to the sea, one state, and the other, rejection of the  Jewish State of Israel.   You simply will not, and cannot, achieve lasting peace and security  for both Israelis and Palestinians and work toward a two-state solution  if you support a movement that seeks to delegitimize the very existence  of Israel.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Mr. Schneider, Mr.  Zeldin, Mr. Nadler, and Mrs. Wagner, for bringing this resolution to  the floor today. I strongly support their efforts.   I strongly support this resolution condemning BDS, and I urge all of  my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel for yielding the  time.   I rise today in support of H.R. 1837, the U.S.-Israel Cooperation  Enhancement and Regional Security Act.   I thank Chairman Engel for his support of this legislation, as well  as Ranking Member McCaul, and I am especially grateful to my friend,  Congressman   Joe Wilson, for introducing this bill with me. I also  thank the 289 bipartisan cosponsors of this bill.   Today, we send a clear message that bipartisan support for the U.S.- Israel relationship, for the security and civilian cooperation between  our countries, and for the ties between the American and Israeli  people, remains strong and unwavering.   Today, we vote to strengthen and enhance this relationship, while  also providing victims of terrorism a rightful path to justice and  restoring much-needed assistance which contributes to security and  saves the lives of Israelis and Palestinians.   The security provisions in this bill reinforces the ways in which the  U.S. guarantees Israel's right and ability to defend herself against  any and all threats, in turn, contributing to our own national security  interests in the region.   By codifying the 2016 10-year memorandum of understanding, we advance  security and stability in a volatile region. But just as our alliance  with Israel is about more than just security, this bill is about more  than just security as well.   Our bond with Israel is rooted in our shared values. Just like this  country, Israel is a vibrant democracy where political parties from  right to left vigorously debate and disagree on politics and policy.   This bill enhances nonsecurity cooperation between our two nations;  cooperation that has yielded impactful and tangible results around the  globe in areas like energy, and water, cybersecurity, health, and  agriculture.   It authorizes the United States and Israel to work together on  humanitarian and development programs in developing countries; and it  expands the work that Israel, the Palestinians, and other Arab states  can do together to promote scientific and technological advancement and  contribute to lasting regional stability.   And finally, this legislation provides a long-awaited path to justice  for victims of Palestinian terrorism.   Last year, Congress passed the Anti-Terrorism Clarification Act,  which was meant to do just that. Unfortunately, that legislation has  not yielded the intended results and, instead, created unintended  foreign policy consequences.   As a result, the Palestinian Authority refused to accept any U.S.  assistance to the West Bank in Gaza, halting humanitarian programs run  by international NGOs, and even our own USAID programming could not  continue. The very real impact of these cuts has been felt on the  ground.   I recently led a bipartisan group of Members to visit a hospital in  East Jerusalem that provides some of the only cancer treatments to  Palestinians in the West Bank. That hospital has lost 25 percent of its  funding.   Also affected was U.S. funding for the training of Palestinian  Security Forces. These forces cooperate with the Israeli Defense Forces  to keep Israelis and Palestinians safe. This program, run by a U.S.  General, saves Palestinian lives and Israeli lives, and it is currently  not receiving funding.   Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obligation to ensure that Americans  injured or, even worse, killed by terrorism have a right to seek  justice in our courts. We have a moral obligation, as well, to provide  lifesaving assistance for those in need. And while this bill represents  a compromise, I believe it will achieve both of these goals.   Today, we cast a vote to expand relations with one of our closest  allies; a relationship that is broad and deep; that highlights the  positive impact the United States and Israel can have in so many  critical areas when we work together; when we harness our mutual  appreciation for science and education and technology; and when we work  to advance security in the region.   We do all of these because we know that whatever the politics and  personalities, we are stronger as a Nation when we stand together with  our ally, Israel, in support of security, peace, and democracy.   I urge my colleagues to stand with me today and to support this good  piece of legislation.    Madam Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 549, the Venezuela  TPS Act.   The situation in Venezuela is dire. It is outrageous, Madam Speaker,  that some in this Chamber would blame the horrific situation in  Venezuela on the people of Venezuela. It is the Maduro regime that is  committing horrific human rights abuses.   People are being killed and tortured. The media has been censored.  Opponents of the regime have been imprisoned. The economy is failing.  Food is scarce. Essential medicines cannot be found.   The mass corruption and poverty have forced more than 4 million  people to flee the country for their lives.   I have witnessed desperate Venezuelans crossing the border into  Colombia in need of food. I spoke with families who traveled hours and  hours to Cucuta for one meal for their children. I saw warehouses  filled with food and humanitarian assistance that Maduro refuses to  allow in to help his people.    The dreadful living conditions, extreme violence, and persecution  warrant extending TPS to Venezuelans living in the United States.   We must stand with the Venezuelan people, the legitimate government  of President Juan Guaido, and the return of freedom and democracy. For  right now, passing this bill will ensure Venezuelans in the U.S. are  protected from being deported to life-threatening conditions.   Madam Speaker, this bill will save lives. I urge my colleagues to  support it.   