 Mr. Speaker, the Coast Guard is one of the  Nation's five armed services, and this bipartisan bill is going to  provide the resources to help them carry out their vital missions more  effectively. These missions are critical to ensuring maritime safety,  stopping the flow of illegal drugs and migrants into the country,  enforcing U.S. laws at sea, and protecting our Nation's borders.   In order to carry out the tens of thousands of operations each year,  the Coast Guard must also replace and modernize their assets--from  cutters to icebreakers to helicopters. This bill is going to help them  do that.   This legislation also takes steps necessary to provide the men and  women of the Coast Guard, as has been pointed out, parity with other  servicemembers in the Department of Defense. The Coast Guard is the  only one of the armed services that is not in the Department of  Defense, and the only armed service with law enforcement authority.   I agree with the chairman on the bipartisan nature of this bill and  how it was put together. I commend Chairman DeFazio and Subcommittee  Chairman Maloney, and Subcommittee Ranking Member Gibbs for working  diligently and coming up with a very good piece of legislation and a  very good bipartisan agreement that we have here today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1984, the DISASTER Act, is a bipartisan piece of  legislation that requires the Federal agencies across the government to  report on how much they simply spend on disasters.   I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Peters) and the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows) for their work on this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, you would think that we would know how much the Federal  Government spends, actually spends, on disasters. We have estimates,  but we simply don't know what the actual costs are across the Federal  Government.   This bill is going to help us get some real numbers. It is going to  help us increase transparency for the taxpayer. It is going to help  Congress make some much better-informed decisions.   Mr. Speaker, I do support this legislation. I would encourage my  colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   I want to thank Representative Peters and Ranking Member Meadows of  the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and  Emergency Management for working on this critical legislation.   As coming from one of those places that actually was impacted by a  hurricane, I think this is one of the best ways to be accountable for  the money that has been approved.   I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1984, the DISASTER Act, which requires the  Office of Management and Budget to submit an annual report to Congress  on all disaster-related assistance provided by the Federal Government.  The report must include all Federal obligations related to disaster  response recovery, mitigation efforts, and administrative costs  associated with these activities for specified agencies and programs.   A lot has been said about how much money has been allocated to many  jurisdictions across the different Federal agencies, so having this  tool will help us understand how much in funds have been approved and  where that money is going.   To date, Puerto Rico has been appropriated $42 billion in disaster  funding; $20.6 billion has been obligated; and only $13.6 billion has  been outlaid or reached the island's needs.   Having this information in a single report will help Congress and the  public better understand the real cost of natural disasters and the  benefits of investing in mitigation and adaptation efforts as well.   This legislation will also provide transparency and accountability  when it comes to disaster relief costs. That is the reason I am a proud  cosponsor.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Peters and Ranking Member  Meadows.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, again, you would think that we would have a better idea  of what we actually spend on disasters. We obviously don't. This  legislation is going to provide the transparency.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is a good piece of legislation. I urge my  colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  3245, and I thank Representative Bucshon for his hard work on this  important issue.   H.R. 3245 is going to enable entities within the States of Illinois  and Indiana to chart a whole new course for the Harmony Way Bridge,  which is closed currently.    The bridge is not only a critical link between these States, but it  is also representative of that strong bond between the people of  Illinois and Indiana. That connection is further demonstrated by the  fact that all members of the Indiana and Illinois delegations  cosponsored this bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3245.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 1307, the Post-Disaster Assistance Online  Accountability Act, is going to improve our oversight of Federal  disaster assistance and projects.   By increasing the accountability and transparency in Federal spending  following disasters, this bill is going to help ensure that funds are  invested more wisely and better able to help Americans who are trying  to recover and rebuild their lives.   H.R. 1307 is going to require various agencies that offer disaster  assistance to publicly report data on disaster spending and  obligations. It is critical, as we continue to work to reform and  improve our disaster response and recovery programs, that we have the  most accurate data available. That is important for our oversight, as  well as for the taxpayers in holding agencies accountable.   I want to thank the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and  Emergency Management Subcommittee Ranking Member, Mr. Meadows, and Mr.  Peters, for their work on this legislation. I encourage my colleagues  to support it.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Rouzer).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   As has been demonstrated by the last four bills, the Transportation  Committee is doing good work, and we produced four good, bipartisan  bills. I am very proud of that.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1307, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   