 Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues to talk about  this urgent issue that faces us: climate change.   Climate disruption is an existential threat to our planet--an  existential threat. Scientists recognize this, so do the American  people, and so does the international community. One hundred ninety- four countries and the European Union have signed the Paris Agreement,  and so did the United States.   Quite frankly, we shouldn't even have to argue this anymore, but for  those who still don't see the evidence of climate change, it is all  around us: a warming climate; recordbreaking hurricanes off the  Atlantic, the Gulf of Mexico, and in the Caribbean; unprecedented  flooding in the Midwest; Native villages in Alaska actually falling  into the sea; and drought and the most severe wildfires in the West we  have ever seen.   This is from a 2003 fire near the Taos Pueblo in New Mexico. We in  New Mexico are on pins and needles every fire season now. We don't know  what disaster will hit us. We know this climate catastrophe is caused  by human activity. Report after report tells us we don't have any time  to waste; that we need to act now.   Even this administration's most recent climate analysis finds that  global warming ``is transforming where and how we live and presents  growing challenges to human health and the quality of life, the  economy, and the natural systems that support us.'' The report  concludes we must act now ``to avoid substantial damages to the U.S.  economy, environment, and human health and well-being over the coming  decades.''   That is coming from an administration of a climate change-denying  President. Yet this administration has slashed and burned every  protection, program, and agreement aimed at combating climate change it  can find, from the Clean Power Plan to methane control regulations, to  the Paris Agreement. I can tell you who in this Congress is the  administration's No. 1 accomplice: the majority leader of the Senate.  The leader's legislative graveyard is littered with legislation the  American people want and deserve, from improving healthcare to  reforming our democracy, to commonsense measures to prevent gun  violence.   Climate change threatens the land, the lives, and the livelihoods of  homeowners, small businesses, farmers, ranchers, fishers, and so many  others all across the Nation. The majority leader's refusal to take up  climate action is about as bad as congressional malfeasance gets.   In May, the House of Representatives passed the first major climate  legislation in nearly a decade--the Climate Action Now Act. H.R. 9 aims  to decrease greenhouse gas emissions by about one-quarter by 2025. The  bill ensures the United States stays in the Paris Agreement.   This bill is not extreme, but it does respond to the dire situation  we face. The Senate should debate this bill and pass it, but we will  not. We all know the majority leader will continue to stand in its way.   Due to this negligence and inaction, States are filling the void and  taking it upon themselves to act. My home State of New Mexico passed  legislation this year aimed at transitioning to 100 percent carbon-free  electricity. Our largest utility says they can do this by 2040. It is  an approach that is consistent with the renewable electricity standard  bill I introduced last month. That legislation is designed to achieve  at least 50 percent renewable electricity nationwide in 15 years,  putting the United States on a path for a zero carbon power sector by  2050.   The fact is, no American is immune from the threats of climate  change, and many of our most underrepresented and vulnerable  communities are at the greatest risk. For example, the most recent  National Climate Assessment finds that Tribes and indigenous peoples  are impacted disproportionately and uniquely. Many Native people's way  of life is intimately tied to the land and water. These natural  resources--that they have depended on for hundreds or even thousands of  years--are being disrupted in ways that upend their communities. Their  subsistence, their cultural practices, their sacred sites are all being  threatened.   Look at the proximity of this fire to the Taos Pueblo. It is not only  sacred to the Taos people, but it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.   Last week, Senator Schatz and I wrote to American Indian, Alaska  Native, and Native Hawaiian leaders seeking their input on how climate  change is affecting their communities. We want to foster a dialogue  about what actions Congress and Federal agencies should take to  mitigate the impacts.   I am the vice chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee. Senator  Schatz is the chair of the Special Committee on the Climate Crisis, and  we were joined by all Democratic Senators on the Indian Affairs  Committee. This effort should have been bipartisan--climate change is  blind to political party--but it wasn't because too many Republican  members just follow President Trump and the majority leader, killing  anything aimed at progress.   The majority leader jokes that he is the grim reaper, sounding the  death knell on legislation, but climate change is no laughing matter  and neither is access to healthcare for millions of Americans, or our  broken campaign finance system, or the safety of American  schoolchildren.   The Senate must do its duty to the American people and tackle these  most pressing problems. This does not mean rubberstamping legislation  sent to us by the House. The Senate has a storied tradition of debate  and compromise. Let's return to that tradition, have a real climate  debate, and pass some real bipartisan solutions.   We all came to the Senate to solve problems--problems like climate  change. We didn't come here to spend time in a legislative graveyard.  We don't want to be a place where good ideas come to die.   I yield the floor.   