 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about one of our most  complicated areas where diplomats have to engage when brutal regimes  and terror groups seize Americans and use them as hostages, hoping to  extract concessions from our government. These are situations that are  infuriating, and they are heartbreaking. At the same time, they are  immensely complicated. There are no easy solutions when dealing with  hostage-takers.   We know what doesn't work. We know that paying ransom for hostages,  as the Obama administration did with Iran to the tune of billions of  dollars, only incentivizes more hostage-taking. It is exactly the  behavior you would expect from hostage-takers, and it is exactly the  behavior we have seen played out over and over. My colleagues and I,  along with the Trump administration, have sought other ways of securing  the release of American hostages.   Sometimes what is called for is diplomatic pressure. So early in my  tenure in the Senate, the very first bill that I passed into law was  legislation that kept Iranian regime figures who had seized American  hostages in 1979 from receiving diplomatic visas to come into the  United States.   I also recently joined with Senator Cotton to introduce the Global  Hostage Act, a bill that would require the President to impose  sanctions on foreign government officials responsible for taking  Americans hostage.   The Trump administration recently secured the release of Americans  held hostage in Iran without the need for pallets of cash flown in the  darkness of night. Nevertheless, all of these solutions are imperfect.  So it is no surprise that even in countries where we enjoy successes,  those successes are often heartbreakingly partial, with hostages left  behind.   Today, I want to talk about two countries, specifically, where  Americans from my home State of Texas are languishing today.   In Syria we have seen some Americans released while others remain  away from their families. This summer, American Sam Goodwin and  Canadian Kristian Baxter were released by captors in Syria, which were  joyful developments on their own and encouraging signs of progress. But  Austin Tice remains in captivity after more than 7 agonizing years.  Austin is a Texan and a veteran Marine Corps captain who served our  country in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was working as a freelance  journalist to inform Americans about the horror of the Syrian conflict  when he was captured.   I have repeatedly had the opportunity to sit down and visit with  Austin's parents, Marc and Debra. Austin's picture sits on my desk in  my Senate office, and I remain committed to working with President  Trump, with the Trump administration, with my colleagues in Congress to  bring Austin home.   I joined with 51 Senators, 120 Representatives to write a letter to  President Trump affirming that ``the Tice family and your own  administration are confident that Austin is alive'' and calling on  President Trump to redouble our country's efforts to bring him home. No  one should doubt the entire U.S. Government's commitment to this task.   Secondly, in Venezuela, we have also seen partial progress but  partial progress of a different sort. In the case of the Citgo 6--five  American citizens and one permanent American resident--they have been  released from jail, which is a good thing, but they remain under house  arrest.   So while Jose Luis Zambrano, Alirio Zambrano, Jorge Toledo, Gustavo  Cardenas, Tomeu Vadell, and Jose Angel Pereira are no longer under the  constant threat of dying from abuse and neglect, they are still very  much held captive and away from their loved ones. Today, here in the  gallery, are Gabriela and Alirio Rafael, the daughter and the brother  of Alirio Zambrano.   These five Texans and one Louisianan are now 2 years into their  nightmarish journey. They had been summoned to Caracas a week shy of  Thanksgiving, and upon their arrival, they were summarily detained and  remained in jail on orders of the Venezuelan military. They would go  days without food and months without sunlight, but the random  punishments were nothing if not persistent.   I have met members of the Citgo 6 families many times. Alexandra  Forseth, Alirio Zambrano's daughter, shared with me haunting accounts  that came from her father. He described exactly how harrowing the  experience has been and the physical toll it has taken.   These families have left no stones unturned in their efforts to bring  back their loved ones. They have hired lawyers who have grappled with  the shifting and inadequate legal institutions in Venezuela, and they  have found little recourse.   After years of this literal darkness, just last week the Citgo 6 were  released to house arrest. This is progress. It is undeniable progress,  but it is far from enough. Here, too, we must redouble our efforts to  ensure their full release, to ensure that they can come home to  America. Every effort must be made to bring them back to the United  States, to their families, to their children, to their homes.   Sergio Cardenas, the son of Gustavo Cardenas, was born with a rare  disease, and at the age of 17, he is battling chronic congestive heart  failure. The doctors and his family are gravely concerned that he will  never see his father.   Jose Toledo's mother is severely handicapped and requires constant  medical attention and care. Alirio and Jose Luis both have teenage  daughters currently in high school. These families are waiting for  their fathers, for their sons, for their husbands to come home.   Venezuela has a seat on the United Nations Human Rights Council. If  human rights means anything, it is that citizens of all countries are  entitled to speedy due process and that human rights violations must  have human rights remedies. The Citgo 6 have suffered enough. It is  past time for them to be released back to their families.   Finally, let me say I believe that the light of truth--calling  attention to these human rights atrocities--can overcome the darkness  of imprisonment. The voices of the families and  [[Page S7129]]  the voices of those who speak out on their behalf resonate and resonate  loudly. Those who are keeping Americans wrongfully imprisoned, who are  committing evil, should know that we will not give up. We will not rest  until these Americans are set free.   I yield the floor.   