 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4029,  the bipartisan Tribal Access to Homeless Assistance Act.   As Congress is working to alleviate our national housing crisis, we  also need to make sure our Federal assistance is getting to those that  are hardest hit. And Indian country is facing a severe pervasive  housing crisis. There is a widespread lack of affordable housing.   Mr. Speaker, 38 percent of Native American households are considered  cost-burdened by high housing costs. Insufficient stock of affordable  safe housing in Indian country also results in increased homelessness.  A study commissioned by HUD--I presume the same one referred to by my  friend from Missouri (Mrs. Wagner)--found that there are between 42,000  and 85,000 homeless Native Americans living on Tribal lands. That is  several times the number of people who are homeless in Seattle and in  San Francisco combined. And unfortunately, both cities are known for  having significant homeless populations.   On Tribal lands, homelessness also leads to overcrowding. Families  double up by taking in friends and loved ones who can no longer afford  their housing. And as has been indicated, 16 percent of Native American  and Alaskan Native  [[Page H8927]]  households experience overcrowding. It is worth repeating--16 percent  compared to 2 percent in the general population.   So, here is the thing about homelessness and overcrowding that we all  know intuitively but it behooves us to be reminded of it: When you are  homeless or in an overcrowded circumstance, it is nearly impossible to  find a meaningful job or go to school or otherwise engage in the  community. When you are constantly worried about shelter, you are  unable to deal with whatever other issues you are confronted with in  your life, whether it is health or holding down a job or substance  abuse.   I have also considered that one of the most important duties I have  as a Member of Congress is ensuring the sovereignty of the four Tribes  in the district I have a privilege to represent and the 29 Tribes in my  State, and to help them as they work to help their Tribal members on a  range of issues, including combatting homelessness in Indian country. I  know you all feel the same way.    That is our Federal trust responsibility, and that is why I  introduced this legislation.   Despite the prevalence of homelessness in Indian country, Tribes and  Tribally designated housing entities simply cannot access the homeless  assistance grants offered by HUD, including the Continuum of Care  program, and this bill fixes that.   By establishing Tribal eligibility to compete for HUD McKinney-Vento  Continuum of Care grants, this bill would improve Tribes' ability to  combat homelessness and, frankly, potentially help tens of thousands of  people.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Young who is also a part of this  bipartisan deal, and former Congressman Duffy, for joining me in  introducing this bill.   I hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting H.R. 4029 today.  And finally, let us note, this bill is an important first step to  fulfill our obligations to Indian country, but to be clear, this is not  the last step.   I hope to soon introduce a bill to reauthorize and update the Native  American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act--we call it  NAHASDA for short. NAHASDA is a critically important program that helps  provide safe and affordable housing to Tribes and their members.   I look forward to working with Chair Waters in the full committee on  a bipartisan NAHASDA bill as we continue to discuss how we can continue  or keep our obligations to Indian country.   