 Mr. President, several times on the floor of the Senate I  have talked about the issue of retirement security. It has been a  priority for me during my entire career in the U.S. Congress.   When the United States has led the world in just about every economic  indicator, there is always one in which the United States is not doing  well; that is international savings, particularly retirement savings.   When we take a look at recent figures, we find that 48 percent of  those who are near retirement--over 55 years of age--have zero amounts  in retirement funds. Almost half of our near elderly have no retirement  funds and pensions at all. Twenty-nine percent have zero savings. So we  need to do a lot better.   The issue is very much compromised because we have seen a major trend  in the employment world from defined benefit plans to defined  contribution plans.   In the defined benefit world, the employer guarantees certain  benefits to their employees who take the risks of the market. In a  defined contribution plan, it requires the employee to put his or her  own money aside and be disciplined in order to do that. As a result, we  find less retirement security for many wage earners today. This puts  pressure on our Social Security system.   Social Security is a very, very important program, but it is only  supposed to be one leg of a three-legged stool of retirement security,  including private retirement and private savings.   We have responded in the past, and we have taken action. I am very  proud of the work I first started doing in the House of Representatives  with then-Congressman Rob Portman. The two of us worked on pension  legislation. We were able to get it enacted, and it made a big  difference.   I hope we will be voting on these Omnibus appropriations bills  tomorrow. We are going to have a chance to take a major step forward on  retirement security with the passage the SECURE Act.   The SECURE Act, Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement  Act, is a bill that was first acted upon by the Senate Finance  Committee back in 2016, so this has been a long time in coming. It  passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 417 to 3, so you see  that there is very strong bipartisan support for this next chapter in  retirement security. It expands opportunities for Americans to increase  their retirement savings and improve the portability of lifetime income  options.   Many provisions are included in the SECURE Act. I want to talk about  just a few, several of which I was very proud to be part of working to  include within the SECURE Act.   First, for the first time in many years, we do something about the  required minimum distribution. Under current law, once you reach 70\1/ 2\ years of age, you are required to take out a certain amount of your  retirement income. The problem with that is, people are living longer  and longer and longer, and their retirement income becomes inadequate  the longer they live. They may have planned to live to be 80, 85, or 90  but find they still have an active lifestyle well beyond that. The  required minimum distribution works against them being able to maintain  an adequate amount of retirement funds for later in life.   This bill takes a step forward in increasing the date in which you  are required to take out a minimum distribution to 72 years of age.   We are now also providing retirement opportunities for part-time  workers. This is a major improvement on our retirement programs. I  might tell my colleagues that part-time work affects women much more  than men. This is something that was long overdue, and I am very  pleased that this is also included in this legislation.   Part of the legislation that Senator Portman and I have worked on  deals with the fact that we have defined benefit plans that are  available today, but in some cases employers have found it impossible  to continue these plans for new employees. These are called ``closed  plans.''   Well, these defined benefit plans are still there to protect those  who were enrolled in the plan before they became closed. Here is the  problem. As more and more people are employed by the company who are  not in this plan and more of the people who were in the defined benefit  plans are no longer around, the nondiscrimination rule test is much  harder to be met, and, as a result, these plans may have to be frozen  or canceled, and that would be to the detriment of those who are  currently protected under these closed plans. I have been told that as  many as 400,000 workers would risk losing benefits by the end of this  year if we do not take action to change the nondiscrimination rules in  regards to these closed plans. The SECURE Act includes the provision to  do this. I was very happy to work with Senator Portman in getting that  done. That is included  [[Page S7141]]  in this legislation, and it is very important that we enact it before  the end of December.   There is a provision in here that I worked on with Senator Roberts, a  bipartisan proposal to deal with church pension plans. We have had a  church pension plan on the books for many years, but we have gotten  inconsistent IRS regulations as it relates to the management of these  pension plans, particularly when you are dealing with church-affiliated  institutions, such as daycare centers or nursing homes. This  legislation will clarify that so that these church plans can continue.  It affects thousands of workers, and it makes a positive difference on  retirement security.   The SECURE Act also includes a provision that will exempt State and  local firefighters and emergency responders from income tax liability  that was never intended on some pension plans. All of that is included  in the SECURE Act, and it will help a great deal in dealing with the  issue I raised at the beginning of my remarks, retirement security for  individuals.   Now, we will get that done, I hope, this week. We expect to vote on  the bill, hopefully, within the next day. That will be a major step  forward for retirement security, but it is not the end. We have to do a  lot more, and that is why Senator Portman and I have filed the  Retirement Security and Savings Act. That is a bill that contains  almost 50 different provisions. Some are included in the SECURE Act,  and we are grateful for that, but most are not. What is included in the  Retirement Security and Savings Act builds on the SECURE Act to provide  greater opportunities for retirement security.    Let me just give you a couple of examples. It improves the  requirement for distribution, allowing individuals to be able to  reserve more for the later years of their life. It also provides  tremendous incentives for lifetime income.   Here is the problem. People may have retirement savings, and they  say: Look, I guess I will live another 15 years. So they take their  money out over 15 years, and, guess what, after 15 years, they are  still healthy, but they have no money. Lifetime income guarantees that  you will have income throughout your entire life. We provide incentives  in our legislation on lifetime income options for retirement options  when you retire.   We also make it easier for those who have student loans to be able to  participate in retirement security. A lot of times, people would like  to contribute to a pension plan but they have to pay off student loans.  Well, we allow the paying off of student loans to act as a match for an  employer's contribution--again, offering additional opportunities for  people to participate in retirement savings.   We have provisions in here that particularly help low-wage workers.  The bottom line is that low-wage workers are the most challenged in  order to participate in retirement security plans early in life. If you  start a savings for retirement when you are young, it will produce the  type of savings you need when you retire. Younger people have lots of  obligations, including starting a family, paying off student loans, and  all the things that we know about. So they need incentive. We have  found that just the tax incentives alone will not be enough to get  younger workers to participate in retirement.   We have the Thrift Savings Plan here for Federal workers, which is  wonderful, because the Federal Government matches some of those  contributions. What we are suggesting in the bill that we filed is  expanding the tax credit program for savings, making it refundable  directly into retirement accounts so that younger, lower wage workers  will participate in retirement savings.   We provide provisions in this bill that help small businesses so  small businesses can start retirement savings plans. All of that is  included in the next step.   So, yes, let's approve the SECURE Act in the budget agreement, an  important step forward, but let's recognize that we need to do a lot  more. Let's work in a bipartisan manner in 2020 to build on the success  of the SECURE Act to help Americans save for their retirement.   I yield the floor.   