 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 539, the  Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2019.   I want to thank Mr. Lipinski, Chairwoman Johnson, Ranking Member  Lucas, and Mr. Webster for all the hard work they have put into this  important legislation.   Entrepreneurship is hard; it is risky; it is the road less traveled;  it is an all-encompassing journey that tests every ounce of strength  and skill that those bold enough to pursue it have to offer; and its  successful practice is essential to the future prosperity of our  Nation.   The bill we are considering today takes the breakthrough lessons of  customer development first codified by Steve Blank, whose teachings are  engrained in the conscience of many business school students--but less  of our Ph.D. students--and forms the basis of the NSF I-Corps program,  a program that has already proven its worth at turning breakthrough  scientific research into successful commercial enterprise.   Since this program was created in 2011, more than 600 startups have  been formed through the various I-Corps sites, including in my home  State of Ohio at the University of Akron, The Ohio State University,  and the University of Toledo.   As just one example, University of Akron I-Corps startup Fontus Blue  provides decisionmaking software that helps water treatment plants to  produce consistently excellent drinking water. The software is used by  plants in 24 cities across the U.S., Canada, and Brazil.   The bill before us today expands upon the success of the current  program by opening up access to small business innovation research  grantees and also private individuals. Additionally, this bill allows  small business innovation research grants and the small business  technology transfer grants to be used to access I-Corps training.   Finally, this bill would require I-Corps to develop a course for  commercialization-ready teams to help them learn the skills needed to  attract investors, build a brand, and scale a business.   As we confront the economic challenges of the 21st century, it will  be our innovators and entrepreneurs who will create solutions to these  seemingly intractable problems by channeling the entrepreneurial spirit  and force of will that has driven our country to its greatest economic  heights.   The Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act safeguards our economy by  empowering future generations of entrepreneurs in all corners of our  country to turn their wildest dreams into our collective achievements.   Mr. Speaker, as a cosponsor of this bill, I encourage my colleagues  to support this legislation.   