 Madam President, I want to thank my colleague from Ohio,  Senator Brown, and also Senator Stabenow, Senator Casey, and all those  who feel as strongly as we do and have constituents in our States who  really helped build this country and deserve the respect we give them  and also the hard fight to make sure we do the right thing for them.   We are here today to bring attention to the issue of American  workers' pensions. I thank you for allowing me to speak to the ever- present issue that our retired workers face, which is the security of  their pensions. My colleagues and I have come to the floor to speak on  behalf of some of America's hardest workers.   It has been 285 days since I introduced the American Miners Act,  which would protect miners' pensions from becoming collateral during  coal mine bankruptcies. This is something that should have been done.  It has been on Leader McConnell's desk for quite some time. We could  have taken care of this a few years ago. We got the healthcare part  done, but they split it apart, and we weren't able to get the pensions.   Miners rely on their hard-earned pensions in retirement. They should  be secured even if the coal companies file bankruptcy. We must act, and  this cannot happen without bipartisan support. The coal miners,  autoworkers, Teamsters, steelworkers, and every other worker that  invest in their pension funds deserve to have stability and security in  their retirement. The multiemployer pension system in the United States  is in crisis.   Approximately 130 multiemployer pension plans, including the United  Mine Workers of America 1974 Pension Fund, are expected to become  insolvent in the next few years. The miners' pension fund alone, a  critical plan that covers 82,000 retired miners--25,000 of those in  West Virginia and 20,000 fully vested current workers--is projected to  become insolvent by 2022. Remember that date, 2022. But there is a  catch to that. We have one major coal company in the United States on  the fringe of bankruptcy as I speak to you today. If they fall into  bankruptcy, this whole pension plan for the miners goes into turmoil.  By September 2020--within a year from now--the coal miners could see  drastic cuts to their benefits if we don't act. If the UMWA Pension  Fund becomes insolvent, there will be a snowball effect for the central  pensions.   It has been said that the recession of 2007 and 2008 will be a blip  on the radar screen compared to what this will do to our economy  nationwide. The companies are going to walk away scot-free. It is  unacceptable that some of our hardest workers have to beg for the money  that they put into the pension fund over years and years of hard work.   Yet this is not only coal miners' pensions. It is bringing attention  to all the pension plans in America. Everyone deserves to have  stability in their retirement, especially those who have paid into  pension plans for decades. This fight is for each and every one of  them. To be clear, a pension is not just given to these employees. You  don't just go to work and they say: We are going to give you a pension.  It is going to be figured into your pay, and it will be deducted from  your pay for you as the employee to pay part and an employer is  supposed to match it. Someone is putting in money, someone is taking  money from someone's paycheck, and they are hopefully putting it into a  safe place or safe investment.   How can it be that when they go bankrupt they lose everything? Who  gets it? Who walks away with their money? That is what we are talking  about. This funding is set aside from the employee's paycheck  throughout their career and matched by their employer. Workers invest  in their pensions. They take a cut in pay over time to ensure that they  have security in retirement. Rather than taking money home to their  family, they say: This will be fine. In 20 years from now, 25 years  from now, 30 years from now, I will have something I can rely on that  will basically provide stability for my family. It is truly their money  that we are talking about.    The law of the land--the law of this great country--allows companies  to not pay their former employees' hard-earned pensions when they go  bankrupt. They don't say: Okay, if you are  [[Page S5782]]  going to declare bankruptcy, the first thing you have to do is pay the  employees. You must pay the people who put their money in. Make sure  they get their money. That is all. And then we can work out the rest.   But, no, we don't do it that way. Their CEOs receive bonuses. At the  bankruptcy hearing, they will get a bonus. All the financial  institutions get taken care of first. There is nothing left for the  employee. The person's money is gone. Somebody else got it. It just  doesn't make any sense at all. It is not who we are as a great country.  It makes no sense, whatsoever, how the laws evolved into that, unless  there is pure, unadulterated American greed that allowed this to  happen.   We have to reverse it. It is the law of the land. Guess what? We are  the lawmakers of the land. We are the ones who can change this. This is  permitted because the courts and our bankruptcy laws continue to allow  the companies to break their promises to the workers and shed their  obligations to pay the hard-earned pension benefits. They are able to  reemerge from bankruptcy in good financial shape. They are able to  shirk all their responsibilities and take all of somebody else's money  and come out of this OK. They are ready to do business again.   I am sorry. The same old-same old is not going to happen. Then the  Federal Government is left with the burden to provide a percentage of  the pensions owed to these employees. This comes because we have  Federal guarantees. That is about ready to go bankrupt, too. We are  going to break it because of people not taking care of the people who  did the work. It comes straight out of the pockets of everyday  Americans from their taxes instead of from the companies who walk away  without managing their obligations to their employees and families.  That is why my colleagues and I have come together today to bring to  light these issues that affects 10.6 million Americans.   In West Virginia, every time a mine closes, the miners get the rug  pulled out from under them. It has been happening far too long. Many  lose their jobs and livelihoods, and many others lost their healthcare  and pensions. This year alone, 1,200 coal miners, their widows, and  family members could also lose their healthcare coverage.   For those of you who think this is just another Big Government  program, let me share a little history with you. In 1946, due to the  horrendous working conditions our miners faced every day, there was a  nationwide strike coming right out of World War II. It brought our  Nation's economy to its knees. President Truman knew this could not  continue. He dispatched the Secretary of Interior Julius Krug to meet  with the president of the United Mine Workers of America, John L.  Lewis. They ended that strike by signing the Krug-Lewis agreement which  created a retirement fund and healthcare benefits for our Nation's coal  miners and their families that had the full backing of the United  States Government. What we are saying is it was so important that we  continue to work and produce the energy this country needed--basically,  it wasn't the government giving them anything. They were saying that,  for every ton of coal that was sold, a portion of that revenue from the  coal that was sold would have to go towards the miners' pension and the  miners' retirement.   Over 70 years ago, President Harry Truman recognized the importance  of coal that our miners produced for this country and promised that the  government would guarantee our coal miners' benefits in return of their  services. He was guaranteeing that money would be there for them. In  turn, our coal miners propelled the American economy, ushered in  decades of economic growth, started an energy boom that made the U.S. a  superpower, and helped our Nation to victory in two world wars. This  agreement was a sacred promise between workers and our country, and it  captured the very best of America.   Unfortunately, over 70 years later, we are still fighting to make  good on that promise. After securing healthcare benefits for retired  coal miners, we proved that Congress can work together and put partisan  politics aside. It is a philosophy that I have followed throughout my  life in public service--in the West Virginia State Legislature, as a  former Governor of the State of West Virginia, and now as a Senator  representing the State of West Virginia.   I know that my fellow colleagues here today are fighting for  solutions with me. I am asking all of our colleagues here in the Senate  and in the House to join us in this fight. To be successful, we must  address this in a bipartisan way. It is not who we are to be divided as  we have been. It is not who we are as a country to have this toxic  atmosphere that we come to. I tell people that I go to work in a  hostile work environment every day. People don't want to work together.  They are not expected to work together anymore. It is the norm to  fight.   That is not true where I come from. We never got anything  accomplished by fighting in West Virginia. I hope that, together, we  can work out a solution to this terrible issue facing our Nation and  our workers so that they can retire peacefully without a constant worry  of losing their hard-earned pensions.   Let me tell you what the average pension paid to a miner is when they  retire--and most of this goes to the widows because the miners have  passed away. It is around $600 a month. They worked 20 and 30 years in  the mines. This is not a windfall for anybody. It is a sustenance that  just absolutely keeps them alive so that they can retire and live  peacefully. That is all they are asking for.   I am proud to stand here today with my fellow colleagues, and we are  going to fight to keep our commitment to our citizens of our respective  States in this great country.   I am glad to yield to my dear friend and my colleague from Michigan,  Senator Stabenow.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Finance be discharged from the  further consideration of S. 27, the American Miners Act of 2019; that  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, if I could respond briefly to the Senator  from Iowa, the reason for my request, as far as its being urgent, is  that we are on the cusp of having one major coal company go bankrupt.  As we speak right now, it is out there trying to restructure, but if it  declares bankruptcy, our timetable on our miners' pensions moves from  2022 to 2020. If the miners go down first, it will create a whole  tumbling effect with the others. This one can keep us from going into  insolvency with the PBGC. All we are trying to do is to prevent that  from happening because this is going to move very quickly,  unfortunately, if this one large coal company goes bankrupt.   That is why I brought it to the floor today, sir, with all due  respect.   I hope the Senator and I will talk some more about this and that he  will understand the gravity of what we are dealing with because it is  really concerning to me right now.   I thank the Senator.    I respect that, sir.   I look forward to working with the Senator.   