 Mr. Speaker, since 1904, the Bethune Cookman University, a  [[Page H9356]]  historically Black college, has contributed to a rich and diverse  history in my district. Four thousand students proudly call this  university home in Florida's Sixth District, and we are proud of all of  Bethune Cookman's accomplishments, especially in STEM fields.   Minorities make up nearly 30 percent of America's population, but  nationwide, as my distinguished colleague from Oklahoma and the  administration have noted, we are seeing a gap in minority  representation in STEM fields. Believe it or not, minorities only  account for 11 percent of the STEM workforce.   As we all know, the demand for STEM fields is at an all-time high.  Over the next decade, the STEM shortage is anticipated to reach 1  million professionals. If we want America to compete and succeed, we  must and we need to make sure our workforce reflects our country's  diversity. The bill we are considering today, the MSI STEM Achievement  Act, would help increase the capacity for minority students and STEM  curricula and encourage partnerships with industry and Federal  laboratories.   In short, this bill will enhance our domestic workforce, so as to  ensure America continues to compete globally. If America wants to lead  militarily, economically, and critically in space, we must lead in  STEM.   I would be remiss to not also mention the importance of women in  STEM. As I have said countless times since I have been elected, and  will continue to say, from my experiences as a veteran and a Green  Beret fighting all over the globe, where women thrive in business,  where women thrive in civil society and in politics, extremism doesn't,  and it is just that simple. And for that reason, diversity in STEM is  truly a national security issue.   And in Volusia County, in my district in Florida, just north of Cape  Canaveral and just north of the Kennedy Space Center, we are seeing  countless businesses participate in workforce development programs like  the Space Coast Consortium Apprenticeship Program. This program and so  many others are making huge strides to advance STEM curriculum and  workforce development.   As the Republican lead on the MSI STEM Achievement Act, I want to  thank Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for working with me  to improve participation in STEM at these critically important MSIs.   For America's continued predominance in science and technology, I  urge my colleagues to support this important bill and for its passage.   