 Mr. Speaker, the Democrats' assault on  rural America continues.  [[Page H7099]]    The Congressional Budget Office estimates that if this minimum wage  law were enacted, up to 3.7 million jobs in America would vanish. And  what areas would lose the most? Obviously, the areas with the most  minimum wage jobs, rural areas.   You see, these areas have a much lower cost of living. You can rent  an apartment for $500 per month, instead of $3,000 per month in San  Francisco, where Nancy Pelosi is from. Food costs are lower, taxes are  lower, utilities are lower, and an American family can have a  comfortable living on half what it takes in San Francisco, Seattle, or  New York.   One size does not fit all. A $15 minimum wage would cost these poor  rural counties thousands of jobs. Even blue State Oregon recognized  this fact when it adopted a tiered minimum wage with one rate for urban  areas, another for suburban, and another for rural.   I represent three poor South Carolina counties, Marion, Dillon, and  Marlboro. These are majority African American and suffered stagnation  over a lost decade following the financial crisis and the stifling  government overreach of the Obama administration.   After tax reform and regulatory reform, these poor counties are  finally recovering. Two years ago, when Donald Trump took office, the  unemployment rate in Marion County was 9.6 percent. Today it is 4.6  percent. What a turnaround.   And yet, even in the face of this, Democrats haven't learned their  lesson and want to return to the days of big government, big regulation  overreach that will hurt these poor rural counties the worst.   Everyone is concerned about income inequality. Here is a suggestion,  to stop complaining and actually do something about it. Let's work  together to fix our broken immigration system.   Hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens cross our southern border  every year. This limitless supply of cheap labor steals from our  children and holds down wages for the hardworking, law-abiding  Americans. The most affected are the most vulnerable at the bottom of  the income ladder, and particularly those in rural areas.    Harvard professor George Borjas estimates  that competition from low-skilled immigrants has reduced the American  lower middle-class wages by $800 to $1,500 yearly.   Stop the endless flow of illegal labor and watch wages rise. For  once, let's put the American worker first. For once, let's put America  first.   