 Mr. Chairman, I stand in opposition to this legislation  which undermines the United States' energy dominance and makes us  strategically weaker as a nation.   I remember Admiral Mike Mullen saying there is no national security  without energy security. We get that by exploring and developing the  natural resources we are blessed with in this Nation.   Currently, 67 percent of the energy used in our Nation is generated  from oil and gas; 94 percent of the Outer Continental Shelf is off  limits to exploration. The Department of the Interior projects that an  estimated 89.9 billion barrels and 327 trillion cubic feet of natural  gas has yet to be discovered on the Outer Continental Shelf.   Opening up the entire Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf could support  nearly 265,000 new, higher paying jobs, $22 billion a year in private  investment, and generate almost $6 billion in new revenue for the  government within 20 years of the initial lease. Mr. Cunningham's bill  blocks $2.2 billion from going to schools, roads, and conservation  efforts in South Carolina.   Through revenue sharing, oil and natural gas development are a  critical source of funding for many valuable programs. Over the past 10  years, royalty payments from lease sales have generated $73 billion for  the Federal Government. Much of this money goes into conservation  programs, such as the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Many people on  the other side of the aisle that will support this bill also supported  the reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   In 2018, the LWCF received $893 million in offshore revenues. South  Carolina received $1.5 million in 2018 from the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. Oil and gas royalties totaled about 90 percent of  the LWCF's funding. Congress has already voted to permanently  reauthorize in this Congress.   How do the supporters of this bill intend to make up nearly all of  the funding for a program that they supported that they would be  cutting with this bill? They would do it by taxing the hardworking  American citizens, I guess.   Blocking offshore development would not only significantly harm our  economy, but it would increase dependence on our adversaries for  energy.   Just in 2018, there was a Russian LNG tanker that arrived in the  Boston harbor. It traveled 4,500 miles from Russia to the U.S. when the  United States has been the number one producer of natural gas since  2009.   New England relies on foreign countries for about 20 percent of its  natural gas. Why? Because we don't have the pipeline capacity running  from the Marcellus shale up to New England to provide American natural  gas, so they are having to buy from Russia.   Development of our resources on the Outer Continental Shelf, opening  up areas that were blocked by past administrations to energy  development, exploration, and, ultimately, production, provides money  for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and it provides national  security for places like New England and lessens their dependence on a  foreign source of natural gas. And that foreign source, ladies and  gentlemen, is Russia.   Let this be a lesson in what is in store for this country if this  bill is adopted. This bill leverages our adversary, Russia, while  undermining our security.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 205,  which is hostile to U.S. energy production and unnecessarily takes  domestic resources off the table.   This legislation overly restricts offshore exploration and  development, which would eliminate opportunities to create jobs, grow  the economy, and increase U.S. energy development to lower prices for  consumers.   In fiscal year 2018, offshore oil and gas development generated over  $3 billion for the United States Treasury, and over $200 million for  the Gulf States. So why would we move bills like this that would stop  all the progress that we have made in the American energy renaissance?   Members of Congress who support bills like this, they still like to  drive their cars. They still like to fly in airplanes. They like that  24/7, 365 baseload power supply that heats and cools their homes,  provides the electricity for  [[Page H7625]]  their cold drinks, and provides the power for the manufacturing  processes when they are in their district.   Admiral Mike Mullen said that there is no national security without  energy security. I firmly believe in that. We are going to weaken our  national security by taking areas off the table for exploration and  production. What that means is, we are going to be more reliant on  foreign sources of energy.   I talked about New England States receiving LNG ships from Russia to  provide natural gas, which we have an abundance of here in this  country, but New England States are getting natural gas from Russia. I  find that horrid and abysmal when we have the resources in this country  to provide the energy to meet our needs.   Instead of focusing on anti-energy bills like H.R. 205, we should be  pursuing policies that encourage safe, reliable, and affordable energy  to the American people through free-market solutions.   We are in an American energy renaissance thanks to President Trump  and Republicans' progrowth policies, and anti-offshore bills like H.R.  205 hamper these hard-earned gains. Taking domestic energy production  off the table would mean one thing--I reiterate--reliance on foreign  energy, and that is wrong when we have the resources here in this  country.   We should explore. We should find. We should develop. We should  produce. We should benefit from those productions. And we should  benefit from the royalties that come back to the States and the United  States Treasury. To fund things like the Land and Water Conservation  Fund that sets land aside for posterity funded through royalties  through oil and gas production offshore. How are you going to fund the  Land and Water Conservation Fund if you take those royalties off the  table?   I tell America, what they are going to do is raise taxes on you  because they like the conservation policies. They are going to fund it  with raising taxes. Royalties provide that funding for conservation. I  strongly urge my colleagues to defeat this bill.   