 Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to talk  about international trade. It is a very complex issue, but also a  really important issue to our country. Our goal with trade should be  pretty simple: It is to level the playing field for America's workers,  America's farmers, and America's businesses.   One, we have got to be sure they are not hurt by unfair imports  coming into our country, so that is really a fairness issue and a trade  enforcement issue.   Second, we should expand our exports. Opening up more foreign markets  to our products is great for America. That is the balance. As a trade  lawyer and as the U.S. Trade Representative in the George W. Bush  administration and as a member of the Finance Committee, which has  jurisdiction over these issues, I have worked on the trade matters  quite a bit. It is really important to my home State.   Ohio has products that are manufactured by workers and crops grown by  our farmers that are shipped all around the world. In fact, in Ohio, 1  of every 3 acres is now planted for export. So our farmers are  dependent on trade, and 25 percent of our factory workers-- manufacturing workers--have their jobs because of exports. Twenty-five  percent is a big part of our manufacturing economy.   These jobs aren't just good for Ohio's economy. They are great for  the people that have them. Trade jobs pay, on average, 16 percent more  than other jobs, and they have better benefits, so we want more of  these jobs.   With 95 percent of the world's population living outside of our  country, we want to sell more of our stuff to the rest of the world to  continue to grow and maximize the potential of our economy. So in my  State and a lot of others, manufacturing and ag jobs that are the  bedrock of our economy depend on balanced trade. That goes for our  trading partners around the world, but particularly for our two biggest  neighbors: Mexico and Canada. They are, by far, Ohio's biggest trading  partners.   Since 1994, we have linked our economy to Mexico and Canada in the  form of the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA. In 2018,  Ohio shipped 39 percent of our exports to Canada, more than twice the  national average. Along with our trade with Mexico, this accounted for  $20 billion in trade. In all, trade with Mexico and Canada now supports  450,000 jobs in Ohio. So it is important.    We all know that the existing agreement--again, called NAFTA--has to  be updated. It is 26 years old. It needs to be modernized. It needs to  be improved. We need to be sure that we are doing a better job of  leveling that playing field that we talked about and be sure that we  are reflecting the nature of the 21st century economy.   Think about it. Back when NAFTA was negotiated, there was no digital  economy. So we need to have new rules with regard to digital economy,  as we do in our more recent trade agreements.   Also, as an example, there were no biologics. So we have no  protections in the NAFTA agreement for biological pharmaceuticals. Of  course, we need to have that in the new agreement, but it is more than  that. Labor standards and environmental standards that have been in all  of the more recent trade agreements need to be incorporated into the  NAFTA agreement. There are lots of reasons for us to update the North  American Free Trade Agreement and to improve it. Although no trade  agreement is perfect, the new USMCA does those things.   By the way, according to a recent study by the Independent Trade  Commission, the new USMCA, which is used to replace NAFTA, is estimated  to raise wages and add 176,000 jobs to the U.S. economy. That is good.  I support this U.S.-Canada agreement, or USMCA.   Last week, President Trump and his administration took a major step  toward realizing the USMCA by announcing they would be lifting the so- called section 232 steel tariffs on steel and aluminum coming from  Mexico and Canada. This is really good news. It is something I had  advocated for, as had others, in order for us to pass the USMCA here  but also to be sure that other countries--Canada and Mexico--could  ratify the USMCA.   It ends the retaliation by Mexico and Canada on Made in Ohio exports  to our northern and southern neighbors. This was really starting to  bite in my home State and around the country.   By the way, it also protects against import surges and  transshipments, particularly with regard to steel and aluminum. We  worry about transshipments coming from China into  [[Page S3040]]  countries like Mexico and Canada and then being shipped or sneaked into  the United States. You don't want that. That protection is in there as  well. I think this was a good agreement.   Tariffs, especially on our allies, ought to be something we try to  avoid--used tactically, sparingly, and targeted as to when we are going  to use them.   There has been a lot of talk recently about the use of these section  232 tariffs by the administration not just on steel and aluminum but  also with regard to automobiles and auto parts. Section 232, the law  that this will be done under, is really an exception to our trade laws.  Our trade laws say that if you unfairly trade with us--in other words,  if you subsidize your products overseas or if you dump them, meaning,  you sell them below their cost--then that is illegal, and we get to  retaliate by adding tariffs to your product.   We also have laws that say if there is an import surge that domestic  industries are substantially harmed by, that is a time for us to step  up. But our other trade laws require one of those two things: either a  finding of injury to a U.S. industry or some kind of unfair trade.   Under section 232, which is an exception to that, you don't have to  do that. You can block imports simply by saying it is a national  security issue.   It is a pretty powerful thing that the executive branch has, but it  has been used very infrequently, and that is how Congress intended it.  Congress intended it just to be used for true national security  purposes.   The agency in charge of investigating these 232 tariffs is the  Commerce Department. A recent Commerce Department investigation  concluded that imported automobiles under the 232 criteria would be a  national security threat. I think that is not accurate. I think  minivans from Canada, as an example, aren't a national security threat  to us. It may be that if they are unfairly traded, then we should  enforce our trade laws. It may be that if there is an import surge that  hurts our domestic industry, then go after them. But I think to use  this tool in that sort of way is not appropriate.   That is why, over the past 50 years since this has been in effect,  the section 232 tool has been used only a few times. In fact, it hasn't  been used in the last 33 years.   One President tried to use it--George W. Bush, for whom I worked--and  his Commerce Department said: You know, that is not a national security  issue. So he used another trade provision that, again, required that  you showed material injury to a domestic industry. That is the 232  issue.   I think it is important to have the tool. I think if it is a true  national security concern, it is good to have it in the toolbox, and we  ought to be able to use it. But we have to be judicious about it and  not misuse it.   One reason to be careful is if you were to impose tariffs on cars and  automobiles, as the Commerce Department has said you could do, it would  really cost U.S. consumers and businesses.   First, on average, U.S. cars would cost about $2,000 more, and I am  told that is a conservative estimate. We don't want that.   Second, if you put these 232 tariffs on cars and auto parts with no  fairness rationale, the retaliatory tariffs on our exports would be  swift and painful.   Finally, if you misuse this 232 tool, I think you risk losing it  altogether.   The World Trade Organization might not have too much influence these  days, but they do have the ability to say whether something is legal  under international trade rules. They have an exception for these  national security waivers, but not if they are misused. So I think we  have to be careful about how we use it.   President Trump and his administration made a decision over the last  several days that I applaud them for. They decided not to move forward  on these 232 tariffs against auto parts and automobiles. They decided  to put it off for 6 months. I commend them for that.   Again, I hope we would never go there, but I think it is really  important that we put that off for 6 months so that we can get not just  the U.S.-Canada-Mexico agreement accomplished but so that we can also  focus on other things, specifically, our issues with China.   I recently introduced a bipartisan bill on section 232. It is a  commonsense approach that says: Let's be sure we are going under the  original intent of section 232, that we are not misusing it. It is  really simple. It says that instead of having the Department of  Commerce make the decision, it should be the Department of Defense. The  Department of Defense has the expertise to determine whether something  is a national security issue.   With regard to the recent decisions on these 232 tariffs, the  Department of Defense did not agree with the Commerce Department and  thought that it was not a national security concern. They said that  explicitly with regard to steel and aluminum, as examples. I just think  the men and women who are hired to protect our country ought to be the  ones who decide whether that is a national security threat.   Second, our legislation increases Congress's oversight here and  allows for Congress to have an expanded role, to provide a legislative  path for Congress to disapprove one of these 232 tariffs decisions if  we think it is the wrong way to go. I think it is important to bring  some of the power back to Congress, where it resides in the  Constitution.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will help us with  this commonsense legislation and avoid the misuse of section 232 on  issues like autos and auto parts.   Again, in the meantime, the administration has made the right choice  by delaying the imposition of these 232 tariffs on longtime allies with  regard to autos and auto parts.   As I said earlier, balanced trade is about enforcement, being sure  that it is fair in terms of what imports are coming into this country  for our workers, for our farmers, and for our service providers.   It is also about exports. Do you know what? Because of that goal of  balanced trade, I support what the Trump administration is doing vis-a- vis China. Unfortunately, when you look at what has happened to our  relationship with China, we have more and more reasons to say that  China is not playing by the rules.   China needs to make structural changes in our trade relationship in  order for us to have that level playing field we talked about earlier.  Right now, this U.S.-China economic relationship lacks equity, balance,  and fairness. It also lacks durability.   The big trade deficits and the structural problems we have can't  last. To put it simply, China is not playing by the rules.   First, they unfairly subsidized their exports. We talked about this  earlier, but it is not fair for another country to say ``We are going  to use government money to subsidize what we send to the United  States,'' and then have our workers and our farmers have to compete  with that. Subsidies are unfair under international rules and under our  trade laws.   China does it in a number of ways. One, they have a bunch of State- owned enterprises, and they have actually expanded their State-owned  enterprises at a time when it looked as though China was going the  other way, that they were going to have a more market-based economy,  where the government wouldn't be controlling industries. But they have  also committed massive subsidies to some of their favorite industries,  companies, and technologies.   Second, China doesn't grant reciprocal access to U.S. investors and  engages in coerced technology transfer in intellectual property theft  from U.S. companies. Often, that intellectual property or technology  then goes to a Chinese company.   To be clear, as a condition of doing business in the huge Chinese  market, U.S. companies regularly have to hand over their intellectual  property, their technology, and their innovations, like manufacturing  processes, let's say, or blueprints, designs, trade secrets, and other  things of value. Then, typically, a Chinese competitor uses these  advantages to compete against U.S. companies. Again, that is just not  acceptable.   I encourage you to check out the administration's section 301 report  on USTR.gov. Go on USTR.gov, and you will see the section 301 issues  that are laid out in that report. If you want to learn more about it,  it is pretty clear.  [[Page S3041]]    Let me give you an example of how this technology transfer works. If  a U.S. automaker wants to make cars in China--and a lot of them have  wanted to and have made them there--China requires joint ventures in  order to gain access to production technology that then helps foster  China's own domestic auto industry.   In a number of businesses, China requires a 51-percent Chinese  partner in a joint venture. Again, that is one way that technology  transfer happens.   At first, China's foreign investment catalogue encouraged--that was  the word--foreign auto investment. I was in China back in 1984, I  believe it was--maybe 1985--at a Jeep plant. And I watched the first  American vehicles go off the production line in China. I was there. I  saw it. It was very positive. People were thinking: This is  interesting. We are going to do business with China. Those Jeeps can  then be sold in China and sold in other parts of Asia. It wasn't going  to compete with the U.S. market. This was good for Jeep and good for  China. That was at a time when they were encouraging foreign auto  investment. But as China learned about auto manufacturing from these  investments--in other words, they got knowledge about how to  manufacture automobiles themselves--the foreign investment catalogue  changed its position on auto investment from ``encouraged'' to  ``permitted'' and then, more recently, in 2015, to ``restricted.''   Again, this is an evolution, initially, bringing in a joint venture  partner and getting the technology. It goes from ``encouraged'' to  ``permitted'' and then finally to ``restricted'' now that China has  that technology. That is kind of leapfrogging us, isn't it? Again, that  doesn't seem fair, and it certainly is not reciprocal because we don't  do the same thing here in this country.   This problem of fueling Chinese innovation with the hard work of U.S.  companies is even more pronounced in the electric vehicle sector.  There, China tries to incentivize the production of vehicles in China  rather than imports from overseas. We would love to sell American  electric cars in China, but they prevent this with a combination of  things: tariffs, which are relatively high; subsidies for domestically  produced electric cars; and a credit system that requires all  automakers selling in China to produce a portion of their electric  vehicles in China or face penalties. Again, we don't do that.   It is clear from this experience that China's unfair trade practices  are at odds with the current rules-based, multilateral trading system.   I will continue to support the administration's efforts to increase  pressure on China in order to reach a strong but fair and enforceable  agreement. I argue that this is in China's interest, as well as in our  interest. They are now a mature trading partner. They are now the  greatest exporter in the world. They have an economy that is growing-- again, more sophisticated, more technology. They should want to protect  their own intellectual property. They should want to be engaging with  us and other countries around the world on a more fair basis.   While I urge the United States to hang tough, the administration  should work quickly to try to bring these negotiations to a close  because a combination of the retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports and  tariffs on Chinese consumer products here in America is causing pain  for our farmers, for our workers, and for our service providers. So it  would be good to bring these negotiations to a conclusion.   We were very close to doing that only a few weeks ago, and the  reports back were that China had changed its view on some of the  concessions they were willing to make. Let's get back to the table, and  let's make a fair and enforceable agreement.   As part of increasing pressure on China, as the new tariff increases  are designed to do, the United States must also better leverage our  allies. The European Union, Japan, Korea, Canada, Australia, not to  mention Vietnam and lots of other countries in Southeast Asia--all  share our concerns that the administration has raised with regard to  China. They are all experiencing the same thing. Leveraging our allies  helps put pressure on China by demonstrating the broad consensus that  exists among those who believe China often acts contrary to our rules- based, multilateral trading system.   When I was U.S. Trade Representative, I laid the groundwork for a  number of successful World Trade Organization complaints against China  by working with our allies. Key to our victory in those cases was our  ability to rally and to kind of come up with a posse--the EU, Canada,  Mexico, Japan, and other countries--to show China that the world was  watching and cared. The administration's work with the EU and Japan on  WTO reform and subsidies, right now, is a good step in the right  direction. It shows how much is possible when we can rely on our  friends and, therefore, gain more leverage. It is why it is important  we don't adopt policies that actively undermine our ability to work  with allies also.   That is another reason I was glad to see the administration delay any  tariffs pursuant to this 232 we talked about on automobiles and auto  parts. A lot of those 232 tariffs would have been imposed on our  allies. Not only do autos and auto parts from our allies or anywhere  else in the world not threaten our national security, but it also  invites retaliation on U.S. exports and poisons the well of good will  we need with our historic allies as we pursue a resolution of our  differences with China.   Let me end where we started--about balanced trade. All America needs  is a level playing field. We can compete. We have the ability to  innovate. We have the ability to be flexible. We have a lot of  advantages in this country, but we do need a level playing field. All  we ask for is fair and reciprocal treatment from our trading partners.  The sweet spot for America is that balanced approach--again, opening up  new markets for U.S. products while insisting on trade enforcement so  that our workers can compete.   As we talked about today, right now, we have a lot of balls in the  air in relation to trade. This has caused some uncertainty among our  trading partners, with American businesses, workers, and farmers that  rely on trade. I get that.   Let's prioritize passing USMCA with Canada and Mexico. That will  provide some certainty. Let's support the administration in bringing  home a strong agreement with China. That will provide a lot of  certainty. And let's not impose new section 232 tariffs. That will also  provide some certainty and predictability.   With that predictability and certainty further leveling the playing  field, we can help American farmers, American workers, American  businesses, and our economy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   