 Mr. Speaker, I thank my classmate for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it has been so wonderful to be sitting here listening to  members of the Congressional Black Caucus talk about their work, their  friendship, their respect for a giant who walked among us, and of  course, that is Elijah Cummings.   The Congressional Black Caucus is regarded by many, myself included,  as the conscience of this Congress. And there was no better  representative of that conscience than Elijah Cummings, who served for  a couple of years as the chair of the Black Caucus. All of us who  served with Elijah are better for it and have fond memories and great  appreciation for our friendship and admiration for him.   I was quite lucky because I have served with Elijah on the Oversight  and Reform Committee for 13 years. So in those committees, along with  you my friend, Representative Clarke, we really got to see Elijah face  a lot of very tough situations.   I am going to make it a little bit personal here about some of my  vivid experiences I have had with Elijah. Elijah and I worked very hard  on the drug bill that is now going to be named in his honor to provide  the government with the ability to negotiate lower prices so that the  people he represents, and we all represent, can get the drugs they  need.   Shortly after President Trump was elected, I think it was April of  2017, the President invited Elijah to the White House to talk about  prescription drugs. Since I had been working with Elijah on this for  years, Elijah invited me. I kind of crashed the party.   Number one, how many of our colleagues would invite a junior Member  to a White House meeting just because the two of us had been working on  the issue together? I would like to say all of us would. Elijah did.   We went to the White House, and we talked a lot with the President  about the prescription drug negotiation bill. But in the course of the  conversation, the President expressed dismay about where Elijah lived.  This was before the President was saying the horrible things about that  community with rats and rodents and all the other things. He was  genuinely dismayed that a person in Congress could live in a community  that the President just didn't think that he could ever live.   And I remember Elijah was dismayed that anybody, including the  President of the United States, didn't understand how wonderful the  people were in that community, how dignified they were, how they faced  adversity every single day, how they helped one another get up when  somebody fell down. Elijah was astonished. He lived in the best place  in the world. That was what Elijah conveyed to the President. And  Elijah conveyed that he represented the best people in the world. That  was Elijah Cummings.   I remember the topic was prescription drugs, and Elijah was quite  disciplined. You know, the topic is the topic, we will get to the  business at hand. But the question of voter fraud came up, and in the  way that only Elijah can do, where he is not intimidated but he is not  showing off--and it is a fine balance--he just said in his direct way,  we don't have a problem with voter fraud. We have a problem with voter  suppression.   And to be in the presence of this man in the Oval Office where there  was no artifice to Elijah's presence, there was no sense from Elijah of  disrespect for the office, certainly, even though he disagreed with the  President on so many things, but it was no different for Elijah than if  he was in a local diner in Baltimore talking to the people he  represented; he was direct, to the point, and empathetic to the  concerns of the people that he represented.   So it was just a wonderful opportunity for me to see a great man in  action. It is how he lived. It wasn't like he had to think about it. It  wasn't like he had to calculate anything. He was present in that  moment. He was present in that moment as he was present every moment of  the day. It was there for the people he represented. He conveyed the  immense appreciation and respect for the dignity of the people he  represented and the humility that he felt that he had been given this  opportunity to be their Member of Congress, a special man.   The memory of Elijah for all of us will sustain us through difficult  times, and may his example be the one we aspire to follow.   I thank my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus for this  wonderful tribute to a wonderful leader from the ranks of the  Congressional Black Caucus.   