 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Granger for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies--the subcommittee of which I am privileged to be the  ranking member in the 116th Congress--oversees a diverse range of  important priorities. It ranges from deep space exploration to Federal  law enforcement to supporting economic growth to international trade,  and much more.   My friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano), has an abiding  commitment to these priorities as well, not to mention a well- established record of bipartisan work on this subcommittee. I look  forward to continuing this collaborative and collegial spirit for the  good of the Nation with Chairman Serrano in the 116th Congress.   In light of that, I appreciate that the bill that is before us this  afternoon includes many of the Commerce, Justice, Science agreements  that Chairman Serrano made last year with then-Chairman Culberson, and  I am pleased that many of the funding levels included for Federal law  enforcement, assistance to our State and local law enforcement  partners, and many NASA programs were included.   However, as it has already been said here this afternoon--and I am  sure it will be said again--the President has made it clear that he  will not support spending bills that do not address the Nation's urgent  border security needs.   While the package that is before us this afternoon has a lot of very  good features--that is not disputed--the problem is it fails to address  the border security funding that is needed at the Department of  Homeland Security. So instead of continuing to put appropriation bills  on the floor that we know that the President will not support, I would  ask my friends on the other side of the aisle to negotiate with the  President, make a counteroffer, and to come forward to the table.   We know that many Federal employees are not being paid. Many  government services that Americans depend on are not being provided.  Along our southern border, women and children are being abused as they  are trafficked by smugglers, and drugs are pouring in through the  borders as well. The majority continues to refuse to negotiate and to  make a counteroffer.   Mr. Speaker, I am ready to sit down, as I know my colleagues are, to  work on an agreement to pay our Federal employees to get the government  operating again and secure our borders.   