 Mr. President, I thank my colleague Senator Capito. We  are very proud West Virginians, born and raised in West Virginia, as  you can tell by our presentations. It is a special day where we can say  happy birthday to Wheeling.   Wheeling is an unbelievable historical city, when you think about it.  When you think about the State of West Virginia, we were the only State  forged out of the Civil War. Abraham Lincoln's handprint was all over  our State, and basically he was involved in our becoming a State in  1863.   The significance of the formation of our State--and Wheeling being a  major economic stronghold because of the river, because of the  gateway--can you believe that in 1949, when the suspension bridge was  built, it was called the Gateway to the West? It is not that far  [[Page S5480]]  from here, maybe 4 hours' drive. So you can see how our country has  expanded and how quickly it expanded.   The lessons learned during the construction of the bridge were later  used to build the Brooklyn Bridge. I want to tell Senator Schumer that  we helped. I am sure he would be pleased with that.   In 1933, the Wheeling Jamboree--the Wheeling Jamboree was the  longest. People will tell you, during World War II, they would hear-- because it was 50,000 watts, they would hear it on the battleships. It  was unbelievable.   The music, the talent, the country music that came out of there from  some of the most famous artists of the time and still yet to this day  passed through Wheeling.   These points in time showcase the importance of the city of Wheeling  and the State of West Virginia throughout American history.   I keep thinking about the Marsh Wheeling stogies. Anybody who maybe  liked to smoke a cigar every now and then--that was 1840, and it is  still in operation. It is unbelievable.   Of course Senator Capito talked about Wheeling Steel. It had a  tremendous industrial might there for many, many years.   As talked about also, the Zane brothers established a settlement in  1769. Continuing to join the Zane brothers, people came from all over.  A small settlement kept growing and growing like the country was at  that time.   Wheeling's Fort Henry played a role in what is considered the last  battle of the Revolutionary War. It was a significant strategic point  for us.   The Restored Government of Virginia at that time--Virginia seceded in  1861. In 1861, there was no Virginia as we know Virginia today. They  moved over to Western Virginia, which is where Wheeling is. That was  the restored government, and that is where the capital was. That was  all through Arthur Boreman.   In 1863--we have a statue in the capital that has Abraham Lincoln  walking at midnight deciding whether he is going to sign the  proclamation. The country is already divided; now he is going to divide  a State. That had not been done because basically, up until then, the  Constitution was very clear: You had to have permission from the  territory you were in or from another State to secede. But Abraham  Lincoln took it upon himself.   If you see the beautiful, unusual shape of our State, there are very  few straight lines. Especially when you see the zoning of the eastern  panhandle--it is an hour-and-10-minute drive from here--you have  Harpers Ferry and John Brown's raid in 1859, which kicked off the Civil  War. Then you have the railroads, the confluence of the Shenandoah and  the Potomac. It is just unbelievable. He knew he needed that arsenal.   This is the folklore. I don't know if it is true or not, but it is a  good story. The three counties we have over there are Morgan, Berkeley,  and Jefferson. It was said that after the war, they were supposed to  have a referendum and a vote to see if it would go back to the State of  Virginia. Well, I am understanding that Ulysses S. Grant, who was then  the President--it is said that he stationed quite a few troops that had  voting rights, and the rest is history because it is still West  Virginia. There are really some good anecdotes about that.   Wheeling became the provisional capital for the split in the western  part of Virginia during the Civil War.   There are so many parts of Wheeling that I have become so fond of,  and the people. The ``Wheeling feeling'' is a saying they have. They  have a Wheeling Jamboree. They have a Wheeling Italian festival. The  ethnicity of that community is unbelievable. It brings everybody  together, and it has brought everybody together.   Having been raised in Farmington--Shelley was raised about 2 hours  north of me. Back in those days, it was a good 2-hour drive. I am a  little bit farther in the north-central part of the State, closer to  Fairmont-Morgantown. But knowing about that--Wheeling was the hub. It  was the place to go. It was basically the gateway also at that time  into Pittsburgh, and it is still considered a distant suburb of  Pittsburgh to a certain extent. The economy, the history, the people-- some famous people, some productive people--a lot of our leaders come  from that area.   When Wheeling became the first capital--we couldn't decide where the  capital of West Virginia should be, so they floated up and down the  Ohio River, back to Charleston and back to Wheeling, Charleston and  Wheeling, until it settled in Charleston, WV.   I am just proud to be standing here with my colleague today. For  those who live in Wheeling today and those who have lived in Wheeling  at some time in their lives or have family--because all the good- quality jobs are there, good union jobs, well-paying jobs and  benefits--to all of them, there is a special place in our hearts for  Wheeling, WV, a special place in American history for Wheeling, WV, and  a special place in all of our hearts for the State of West Virginia.   I say thank you and happy birthday to a great city of ours and to the  great State of West Virginia. We are proud this has become a resolution  that has been entered and accepted.   With that, I yield the floor.   