 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to join my  colleague, Senator Cassidy, to talk about the unspeakable tragedy that  happened last Thursday near Gainesville, FL, when a large tractor- trailer crashed into a car, crossed into oncoming traffic, and struck a  church van that was bound for Disney World.   I wish I understood why bad things happen to good people. There were  five kids--five youngsters--from Marksville, LA, who lost their lives  in that terrible collision. They were Joel Cloud and Jeremiah Warren,  both 14 years old; Cara Descant, aged 13; Brieanna Descant, aged 10;  and Cierra Bordelon, aged 9. These five youngsters were members of the  United Pentecostal Church in Marksville, LA. They were five beautiful  lives, full of potential, who were gone before their time. It is  heartbreaking, and there are, simply, no words.   I will say it again. I wish I understood why bad things happen to  good people. I can't imagine any greater suffering than a parent's  being asked to bury a child. The love of a child is not like the love  for a parent or a spouse or a sibling. That is deep love. Yet, as my  late father used to tell me, ``Son, you will never, ever understand  love until you have a child.'' I can't think of any greater suffering  than to ask a parent to bury his or her child.   I want to tell each of these kids' families, the United Pentecostal  Church in Marksville, the whole community in Marksville, and the  Avoyelles Parish that the entire State of Louisiana grieves with you  and that you are in our prayers.   The Marksville van was carrying some very precious cargo. In total,  there were 12 passengers: 3 women--one of whom is pregnant--and 9  children. There were survivors--thank you, Lord--but many of the  survivors were gravely injured, and I pray that they all have a swift  and full recovery.   I want to express my sympathies to the families of the two drivers  who died in that accident. I also thank the first responders who put  themselves at risk every day to try to save lives during these  catastrophes.   There are no words to describe this tragic accident. It happened far  too close to the holidays, but there is never a good time. I am going  to say it again. If I make it to Heaven, the first question I am going  to ask is, Why do bad things happen to good people? For now, I just  pray that these families will find the strength they need to go on and  that all the injured are healed quickly.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   