 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we are called upon many times to do  many things in this Chamber, and in 21 years I have been called to do a  lot of different things, but today may be the most different of all.   In a way, it is something that is a joy to do. It is about a place in  Bartow County, GA, in White, GA, a small rural town that is being  caught by the urban growth of the city of Atlanta, one of the biggest  cities in the United States of America. White, GA, is a great town. The  first Sunday of every month, there is a breakfast at 7 a.m. for the  guys in town, where we all go and talk politics, talk about the future  of the county, talk about what is happening, share good and bad ideas,  tell jokes for the week, and come back a month later to see how things  are going. It is something I relish doing. It is something I started  doing because I am a politician. You go where two or more are gathered,  and you go to talk to them and to try to get them to know you and to  make sure they know you are on the ballot the next time.    I have been in politics a long time--41 years. I have learned a lot  of things. I have learned that in politics the best thing to know is  your next-door neighbor and people. The best thing for them to know is  to know you.   But I also learned some interesting things about our economy and  about business. The No. 2 producer of revenue to our governments around  the country is revenue off of tourism. Tourism is the No. 2 industry in  the country in terms of revenue at the local level--for sales and use  taxes, for bed taxes, for hotel-motel taxes, for entertainment taxes,  and for all kinds of taxes. They generate money to help our cities and  counties buy and build facilities that attract tourism to come in the  future, whether it is convocation centers, educational centers, or  whatever.   I am always paying close attention everywhere I go to see what  somebody new is doing around the country that we might not have done in  Georgia before. But I have been sitting on a ham sandwich, starving to  death, because every first Sunday of every month, when I go to the  breakfast in White County, GA, I am going to something that is exactly  that, unique to the country. So I thought I would bring it to the floor  of the Senate today and tell you a little bit about it.   It is about a guy named Dean Lewis and Dean's family's home place.   Dean's family's home place is in Bartow County, GA. Dean grew up on a  piece of property that in 2009 was a junkyard. It was just a junkyard  of old cars--in fact, 40 years' worth of old cars. There was kudzu. I  don't know if the Presiding Officer knows what kudzu is. The South is  full of it. It was a great idea to stop erosion, but it was a horrible  idea because you can't kill it. It just gets bigger and bigger. We have  40 years' worth of kudzu that has grown through these cars, wrecked  tractors, buses, and everything. They are almost canopy hidden by the  kudzu.   Dean Lewis was sitting on the front porch of his house, looking  across the street at what he has now named Old Car City, and said: You  know, that would be an interesting place for people to come and visit,  because people are always looking for parts on old cars that they might  get to help restore the old cars they have.   It started out as just a place where people who wanted to come and  tear some old parts off of an old car to fix their jalopy or their old  car would come and get them from Dean.   One day Dean had somebody come from the Atlanta Ballet and said: You  know, this would be a big, great background for our ballerinas in a  photo contest to talk about how agile they are.   So the Atlanta Ballet used the backdrop of Old Car City for photos  for their calendar a few years ago. The Atlanta Falcons have used it.  All kinds of businesses have used it. Businesses from around the world  have used it. It has become a famous place. It is not a famous place  because it is handsome or beautiful. It is not famous because it is  famous but because it is unique.   Dean Lewis and his family took something of theirs that was unique to  them and molded it into something people would come and see. It is one  of those ``if you build it, they will come'' deals.   You saw the end of that movie, where all the taillights and  headlights were weaving through the town to go see the field that was  finally built. That was  [[Page S2779]]  the same thing with Old Car City. They took a useless, rusted-out old  junkyard and turned it into something people would want to come to see,  someplace where they would want to come to get old parts for cars or  come to get their pictures taken with the cars. International companies  want to come to do business there, to where it is now one of the most  attractive places we have in North Georgia.   I thought I would come to the well for no other reason but to pay  tribute to Dean Lewis in White, GA, because he has taken an old car in  a junkyard--a jalopy--and turned it into something that raises money  for the community, that memorializes our heritage and our past, that  takes the use of something everybody thought was wasted and turns it  into something good. If we can always try to do that, as well as make  something new good, then we would all be doing well as business people,  as tourist promoters, and as builders of local government.   I rise tonight to commend Dean Lewis on what he and his family have  done, to commend Old Car City on what has turned into a great money- making project for the State and for our local property--the tourist  attraction they have created there--and to tell them to keep on doing  the work and making chicken salad out of good fried chicken. Georgia  chicken is the best that you can have, and there is no better chicken  than a junkyard in Georgia called Old Car City.   God bless you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   