 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we learned yesterday that Secretary  Kirstjen Nielsen was stepping down from her position as Secretary of  the Department of Homeland Security. I just got off the phone with her  and thanked her for her service.   When the Department was first established more than a decade and a  half ago, we knew that this position would be a very tough one,  especially in the aftermath of 9/11--the terrible terrorist attacks. We  knew that protecting the American people from the growing threat of  terrorism was job No. 1. The truth is that this job has only gotten  tougher as time has gone by. While counterterrorism remains a central  focus for the DHS, the number of missions it is responsible for, both  on the ground and in cyber space, has multiplied to include a myriad of  natural and manmade threats.   Since Secretary Nielsen has taken this job, she has led the  Department's response through flooding and wildfires, foreign attempts  to infiltrate our election infrastructure, and the growing humanitarian  crisis we continue to see unfold along the southern border.   Above all, Secretary Nielsen has been a fierce advocate for the men  and women at the Department who carry out these diverse missions on a  daily basis. With more than 240,000 DHS employees around the world-- many of them in Texas--keeping them mission-ready is one of the most  important responsibilities the Secretary has, and it is one she has  taken very seriously.   I have had the opportunity to work closely with the Secretary on a  number of issues but in particular on attempting to find commonsense  reforms to secure our border and close loopholes that are being  exploited in our immigration system. I have been consistently impressed  by her deep knowledge of the issues and of her steadfast commitment to  finding solutions.   America is better off for her service, and I hope we will continue to  find good people like the Secretary who will be willing to contribute  their service to the betterment of our country. I thank her, and I wish  her well in the next chapter of her life.   