 Mr. Chair, if you put patients before politics, you will  vote for this bill because patients care about prescription drugs, but  they also care about access to affordable, quality healthcare.   Now, you sent a bill to the President--or you didn't really send it  to him because it didn't pass the Senate--and you went down to the  White House and you exalted about the bill you had passed, and the  President said: This is a good bill. Then he had the opportunity to,  perhaps, have his advisers tell him what was in the bill, and 10 days  later he said: This is a mean bill because it shortchanged patients for  politics.   Mr. Chair, last week the House passed H.R. 986, a bill to protect  coverage for those with preexisting conditions, and the Republicans  said: No, it doesn't do that. They wanted to change the name of the  bill. Not only did they want to vote against it, they wanted to change  the name of the bill. Why? Because they want to tell the public we  [[Page H3858]]  are for protecting you against preexisting conditions. We just don't  vote that way.   This week House Democrats are continuing to strengthen access to  affordable healthcare by passing H.R. 987, an additional package of  bills aimed at strengthening our healthcare system and lowering  prescription drug costs because patients don't just worry about  prescription drugs, they worry about their health coverage. As a matter  of fact, it is hard to separate the two.   This effort is critical because the Trump administration, in its  campaign and from its very first day, and congressional Republicans,  have been working tirelessly to sabotage healthcare access and  undermine the reforms of the Affordable Care Act. They voted against it  and, yes, they voted over, and over, and over again to repeal it.   With all due respect to my friend, we didn't vote for those bills.   Now, we may have voted for some bills to improve the Affordable Care  Act, but we certainly didn't vote for any of your bills which had the  effect of repealing ObamaCare, because we believe it is in the best  interest of the American public, and so does the majority of the  American public.   Last year, 1.1 million Americans lost health coverage after years of  gains in coverage. This shows us, dangerously, that the Trump  administration's administrative sabotage is having its intended adverse  effect, from limiting access to open enrollment, to allowing junk  plans.   Let me say something about junk plans because the gentleman says:  Well, some people can't afford it. Yes, they get a plan and they think  they have health coverage, and by the way, it doesn't cover something  when they get really ill, or they have lifetime limits, or annual  limits. They don't have this covered. They don't have the other  covered.   Not only that, but guess what happens to the insurance pool? It  becomes riskier. And guess what happens then? The price goes up. You  don't have to be a genius or know much about the insurance business to  know that that is the case.   From repealing votes in Congress, to anti-ACA lawsuits in the courts,  Republicans have been trying to undermine the Affordable Care Act.   From shortening enrollment periods, to cutting funding for outreach  to let people know what is available to them and what is the best  policy for them. Advice and counsel, they don't have to take any of it,  but they ought to have that available to them.   This sabotage is hurting access to affordable, quality healthcare  coverage for the people. That is what we are here for. For the people.  And that is what this legislation is for. For the people.   The legislation before the House today would push back on these  efforts that sabotage in several ways: first, we are banning junk plans  that don't provide adequate coverage and raise premiums for  comprehensive health plans.   Next, we are taking action to bring generic drugs to market more  quickly, helping to lower the cost of prescription drugs. I appreciate  the fact that my Republican colleagues support those bills. I  appreciate the gentleman who knows full well as a pharmacist the crisis  that confronts people when they can't afford lifesaving and health- enhancing prescription drugs.   But they also are facing real problems on the availability of health  insurance should they have to have health providers, whether they are  doctors, or hospitals.   Finally, H.R. 987 increases funding for outreach, enrollment, and  navigators to help Americans find the right healthcare plan. That is  for the people, to help the people understand, and to have access, and  to be secure in knowing they have adequate healthcare for them and  their families.   It also provides States with additional funding to establish State- based marketplaces. Innovation. Our legislation will provide insurers,  providers, and patients alike with greater certainty that the  Affordable Care Act will continue to make healthcare available and  affordable to Americans with preexisting conditions.   I am pleased that my Republican colleagues are supporting the  prescription drug titles of this bill. Perhaps we will send it over to  the Senate, and maybe that is all they will send back.   But the fact of the matter is, we have a broader responsibility than  just prescription drugs. Democrats are committed to bringing healthcare  costs down and making sure more Americans can access quality,  affordable coverage.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Representatives Cicilline, Rush, Schrader,  Castor, Kim, and Blunt Rochester for their leadership in the component  parts of this bill, which will make the security for healthcare better  for the people. They have introduced the constituent parts of this  bill.   Of course, I want to thank my good friend, Frank Pallone. Nobody has  worked harder for a longer period of time to enhance the healthcare of  Americans. Nobody has worked harder in committee, both initially on the  Affordable Care Act, of which he was a very significant part of the  authorship, and since then in protecting it and trying to enhance it.  This bill is important for us to pass to do just that.    That is why I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join  us in standing up for the Affordable Care Act and its benefits; not  undermining the law and its reforms. Having agreement on prescription  reforms, bringing prices down, and making generics more available is an  important step. But it is not the only step that we need to take. This  is not the final step. This is a step. It is an important step.   I hope that Republicans and Democrats would support this bill  overwhelmingly because, as I said, it is for the people.   