 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Burgess for his leadership on  healthcare in so many ways.   Madam Speaker, embarrassingly designed and hastily written by our  Democratic colleagues, the Affordable Care Act, from day one, has come  under legal and public scrutiny, and for obvious reasons. This  disastrous healthcare experiment, written behind closed doors and  stuffed with special  [[Page H2953]]  interest giveaways, has driven up healthcare costs for millions of  working families so high that more Americans eligible for the  Affordable Care Act have rejected it than have chosen it.   Now, as ObamaCare's ever-increasing failures continue to find their  way into our courts, Democrats are asking us to condemn the Justice  Department's handling of this process.   No matter how Democrats try to frame this stunt, the left is  misleading the American people with this political and partisan move.  The continuation, regrettably, of falsehoods that Democrats continue to  elevate in order to protect this unconstitutional law is really a  disservice to the Americans and the patients who hope to have  affordable care. We can and must do better as we work to protect  patients and lower healthcare costs.   Madam Speaker, the truth is Republicans, creators of the children's  healthcare program; creators of part D, the Medicare prescription drugs  for seniors; creators of Medicare Advantage, are committed to improving  our healthcare system.    If the Court strikes down the Affordable Care Act, Republicans will  act to protect those with preexisting conditions. We will work to make  healthcare more affordable, guaranteeing that folks can see local  doctors or go to their local hospitals, and we will preserve other  important provisions, such as no lifetime limits and allowing kids to  stay on their parents' plans till age 26. These are shared priorities  that patients and families deserve to have secured.   If our Democratic colleagues who drafted this flawed law want to join  Republicans, why not start fresh, this time, both parties working  together to pass a law that is truly constitutional, that actually  lowers costs and that will actually protect patients? We welcome that  conversation with open arms.   So I am proud to join with my colleague, the Republican leader of the  House Energy and Commerce Committee, Greg Walden, to introduce a  resolution that calls for this Congress to work together to do just  that, because one thing is crystal clear: Republicans won't let the  courts take away preexisting protections or let Democrats take away  your health plan at work.   I strongly urge all my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this political  stunt so that we can actually start working together toward making our  healthcare system more convenient and more affordable for families  across this country.   