 Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, the Strategic Forces Subcommittee probably has the  heaviest responsibility of any in Congress, or possibly in the world,  because authorizing nuclear weapons affects the fate of the Nation and  of the planet. I thank all of our subcommittee members and our  wonderful staff for their hard work on this bill.   The most important duty of our government is to defend the Nation,  and the number one priority of the Defense Department is to make sure  that we have safe, secure, reliable, and effective nuclear weapons.  This subcommittee has a long tradition of bipartisanship on these vital  issues.   This bill upholds our commitment to maintaining a strong nuclear  deterrent force. We owe it to our constituents, to our allies, and to  the planet to strengthen and preserve the remarkable peace and  prosperity that the world has known for the last 75 years.   As an example, this bill funds the National Nuclear Security  Administration at 4.3 percent over last year's appropriation, which  also means a $608 million increase to the NNSA Weapons Activities  programs.   We take steps to reduce the risk of nuclear miscalculation. This bill  denies President Trump's request for a new low-yield nuclear weapon for  use on our nuclear submarines, a request that would undermine our  security.   The last 60 years of nuclear deterrent strategy were based, in large  part, on the U.S. strategic nuclear submarine force, that most  survivable leg of our triad, never being used for tactical nuclear  weapons. Deploying another low-yield nuclear weapon, of which we have  countless ones and other delivery systems, is not only unnecessary but  a dangerous policy.   We prioritize a production level of 30 plutonium pits a year and  making this happen as soon as possible by 2026. This goal alone will be  extremely challenging. We must set up NNSA for success.   On arms control treaties, we continue to be challenged by the  administration, which continues to try to upend treaties. This bill  supports the Open Skies Treaty.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to our colleagues supporting this important  legislation.   