 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  South Carolina for hosting this event tonight.   Madam Speaker, this is really important because it impacts every  single American. Energy is one of those pervasive issues that, if you  drive a car, if you ride in a taxi, if you take public transit, if you  have a house or you have an apartment, you have to pay the energy  bills. It affects every single one of us.   Madam Speaker, we have options before us. We can choose to go down  this path of ignoring the energy abundance that the United States has;  we can pivot in this direction of blindly seeking these lofty goals or  ambitions without any technological basis, without any basis in  infrastructure or reality; or we can move in a direction where we can  produce American energy, and we can produce it safely and we can  produce it affordably.   Madam Speaker, let's go down the paths of what these options look  like.   If you look back in 2011, Madam Speaker, one half of this Nation's  trade deficit, one half of it was attributable to us importing energy  from other countries--one half. That means that we are sending hundreds  of billions of dollars, hundreds of thousands of jobs, we are sending  them, we are empowering them in countries like Iran, in countries like  Venezuela and other Middle Eastern and African nations in many cases,  Madam Speaker, that don't share our values. They are taking those  dollars and coming back and directly challenging American interests  around the globe.   This doesn't make sense. You don't arm those who wish harm upon you.  But that is what our energy policy was back in 2011. Again, one half of  this Nation's trade deficit attributable to us importing energy.   Now, more recently, Madam Speaker, you have seen folks who have come  in and said: Hey, we want to migrate to no fossil fuels whatsoever.   Think about it. If you were running a business and if your greatest  asset was this abundance of American natural gas, of oil, of coal,  think about if that is what your asset was and if you had this  objective of achieving environmental sensitivities or this objective of  reducing our emissions and providing more clean energy solutions, would  you just go and say: Look, we are just going to ignore all these  resources?   No. You would develop technologies on carbon capture and storage, on  utilization to where you could take that resource and you could  actually market it and make products from it or you could sequester it.  That way you can continue to have a robust economy; you can continue to  have affordable energy; you can continue to have American jobs without  harming our economy.  [[Page H7231]]    Now, Madam Speaker, when you look at the option that some have chosen  where they have chosen we are going on an aggressive renewable  strategy, let's look at the State of California where you have double  or triple the cost of electricity as you have in my home State of  Louisiana--double or triple.    On top of that, Madam Speaker, look at what the State of California  has done. They have increased--increased--imports of oil from countries  like Saudi Arabia and others, increased their dependence upon foreign  energy, exporting jobs, exporting untold dollars to these other  economies. It is fascinating.   Let's go over to the Northeast, where, recently, you have seen them  object to transmission sitings, object to natural gas pipelines. Madam  Speaker, what they have done there, in doing so, they had to burn  heating oil to warm the homes in the winter, one of the least efficient  means of emissions. They had to import gas from Russia--from Russia-- putting who knows how many dollars in Vladimir Putin's hands to  challenge U.S. interests around the globe.   Madam Speaker, these strategies are flawed. By rejecting some of  these policies of the past, by pursuing the U.S. energy dominance  agenda, we have been able to reduce emissions in the United States more  than the next 12 countries combined, while continuing to have a robust  economy, some of the lowest unemployment rates we have seen in decades,  and ensuring that the United States can export energy like we are doing  with liquified natural gas right now to 35 countries, rather than being  dependent upon those other nations.   We have two choices, Madam Speaker. I urge American energy dominance.   I want to thank, again, the gentleman from South Carolina for  yielding.   