 Madam President, I move to proceed to S.J. Res. 53.    Madam President, I know of no further debate.    Madam President, as the senior Senator from Maryland, I  want to comment on the remarks by Leader Schumer about the great loss  we had that we learned about early this morning--the death of  Congressman Elijah Cummings. I found out about this as I awoke this  morning. It is a sad day for Baltimore, for Maryland, and for our  country.   Two days ago, I had a chance to talk with Maya Rockeymoore Cummings,  Congressman Cummings' wife, to inquire as to how the Congressman was  doing. She explained to me that he was still in the hospital but he was  using every ounce of energy he had to carry out his responsibilities as  chairman of the Oversight Committee and as a Member of the House of  Representatives. We all know that he used his energy every day on  behalf of the people he represented.   Our Nation has lost one of the great champions for social justice.  What a powerful voice he was for those whose voices would otherwise not  have been heard. It is a great loss. It is a great loss for the people  of Baltimore--his record of accomplishment on behalf of our city and  our region is well known--and it is a personal loss for me.   I first got to know Elijah Cummings when he was elected to the  Maryland General Assembly. I was speaker of the house. I recognized  that here was a person coming in with incredible talent. I gave him an  opportunity to use that talent, and he used it so effectively on behalf  of the people of his district as a member of the Maryland General  Assembly.   Congressman Cummings and I have a lot in common. We both attended the  same public high school in Baltimore City, Baltimore City College High  School--different years. He graduated from the University of Maryland  Law School, and I also graduated from the University of Maryland Law  School. We served together in the Maryland General Assembly, and we  served together in the House of Representatives.   God gave him the talent to communicate like no one I have heard.  There was incredible passion in his voice. I had the opportunity to see  firsthand what he was able to accomplish on behalf of the people. What  a legacy. He used every moment. He achieved the high position of  chairman of the Oversight Committee but never lost his sense of purpose  for the people he represented. He went home to Baltimore every night.  You could see him in the community every day at schools and at church.  He never lost the passion for the people he represented.   What a legacy he has left for all of us. We can't fill the void that  has been created by Congressman Cummings' passing, but all of us need  to step up and help carry out that legacy of public service. It is a  terrible loss for the people of our community and a terrible loss for  our Nation.   Our prayers go out to Maya Rockeymoore Cummings and his family in  this incredibly difficult time. We will commit ourselves to carrying on  the legacy of a great American, our friend Elijah Cummings.   With that, I yield the floor.   