 Mr. President, I believe there is no longer any question  that the situation along our southern border has become a full-blown  humanitarian and security crisis. I think that is a given. Leader  McConnell has firmly established that fact right here on the Senate  floor, and charges from the  [[Page S4541]]  other side of a manufactured crisis have fallen silent. At this  juncture, there is little need to recapitulate the case for action.   We know what our professionals on the frontlines need in order to get  a handle on the situation. The only question is, Will the Congress come  together and act or fall prey to partisanship while the crisis  escalates further?   I am pleased to say, last week, the Appropriations Committee charted  a course for strong bipartisan action. By a vote of 30 to 1, the  committee approved an emergency appropriations bill to address the  crisis at the border--30 to 1. Such an overwhelming bipartisan vote  would not have been possible without the cooperation of my colleague  and good friend, Vice Chairman Leahy. I thank Senator Leahy for working  with us to find a path forward.   This bipartisan committee product, which it is and which I will soon  offer as a substitute amendment to the House bill, provides $4.59  billion in emergency supplemental appropriations to address the  humanitarian and security crisis at the border.   It does not contain everything that Senator Leahy wanted, and it does  not contain everything that I wanted. More importantly, it does not  contain any poison pills from either side, which is remarkable. That is  why it passed the Appropriations Committee by a vote of 30 to 1, and  that is what gives us the best chance today, in the U.S. Senate-- without further delay--of passing a bill that is badly needed.   I will take just a few minutes to briefly outline for my colleagues  the particulars of the package reported by the Appropriations  Committee.   Of the total funding provided, the lion's share--$2.88 billion--will  help the Department of Health and Human Services to provide safe and  appropriate shelter and care for children in its custody.   An additional $1.1 billion is included for Customs and Border  Protection to establish migrant care and processing facilities; to  provide medical care and consumables; and to pay travel and overtime  costs for personnel.   There is $209 million provided for Immigration and Customs  Enforcement to fund the transportation costs and medical care for  detainees; to conduct human trafficking operations; and, again, to pay  travel and overtime costs for our personnel there.   There is $30 million for FEMA in order to reimburse States and  localities for expenses that they have incurred related to the massive  influx of migrants in their communities.   There is $220 million included for the Department of Justice to help  process immigration cases and provide badly needed resources to the  U.S. Marshals Service for the care and detention of Federal prisoners.   Finally, $145 million is provided for the various branches of the  U.S. military that have incurred operating expenses in support of  multiple missions along the border.   I believe, overall, this is a solid bill. It provides the resources  that are needed to address the crisis that we face at the border. As I  say again, it contains no poison pills, and it is poised to pass the  Senate with strong bipartisan support, unlike the version that came out  of the House last night.   So I say to my colleagues in the House, now that there is a  bipartisan acknowledgment that the crisis on our southern border is  real, do not derail the one bipartisan vehicle with a real chance of  becoming law soon.   Those who want to alleviate the suffering--and I think it is most of  us--on the southern border will soon have a bipartisan path forward in  the Senate bill that we have here.   Those who choose to obstruct over partisan demands will soon have a  lot of questions, I think, to answer when the crisis escalates further,  and it will.   I believe there is no excuse for leaving town at the end of this week  without getting this job done. I hope we will be coming together soon  and do our job.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 901.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  be dispensed with.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   