 Mr. President, before we vote, I want to take a few  minutes to express my strong opposition to what our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle are doing with their Congressional Review Act  resolution. They are asking the United States to give up a very good,  responsible, and Affordable Clean Energy Plan and replace it with the  old, Obama-era, illegal, and unconstitutional Clean Power Plan.   Prior to being elected to Congress, I spent nearly 10 years in North  Dakota as an energy regulator and oversaw both economic and  environmental policies and regulations in our State. I know something  of this issue. For the American people, a fully implemented Obama-era  Clean Power Plan would result in much higher electricity costs, less  money in their pockets, fewer well-paying jobs, and just a lot less  freedom. Across the country, their plan would reduce household spending  by $79 billion. It would increase electricity prices in my State of  North Dakota by 43 percent, and it would cost over 125,000 jobs over  the next decade.   Perhaps one of the most disturbing things about the Clean Power Plan  that was presented by the Obama administration--one of the reasons,  frankly, that it was deemed to be unconstitutional and illegal and had  a stay put on it by the U.S. Supreme Court--was that in my State, under  the proposed rule, we had a CO2 reduction target of 11  percent. Yet, in the classic bait-and-switch maneuver, the final rule  increased that 11 percent by 400 percent. The 11 percent, while  illegal, was doable, but the 400 percent was ridiculous.   So make no mistake, right now, here in the U.S. Senate, the Democrats  are asking us to vote to eliminate good  [[Page S5865]]  jobs, to raise the cost of living, and to take more money out of the  pockets of the American people. For what? The United States does not  need an unconstitutional Federal power grab, like this one, in order to  lead the world in reducing our emissions. In fact, we already do.  Emissions have been declining in the United States for nearly 50 years.  We don't need to apologize for our action or inaction. In fact, we need  to start honoring the innovators who have made these reductions  possible in the first place. We should be encouraging them and  incentivizing them to continue their work in order to pave the way for  responsible energy production that will be used for generations to come  not just here in the United States but across the world.   In the context of several issues, I often speak about needing to  follow a Federalist model, the cooperative federalism that our Founders  envisioned when they created the States. That is a model of State  control, with Governors being in charge, not Presidents. This is under  the umbrella, of course, of good Federal oversight and, of course, some  authority. Yet States need to have primacy. Put those who are closest  to the people in charge, give them the authority and the resources they  need, and this model will produce the best results nearly every time,  if not every time. The Obama era's Clean Power Plan is exactly the  opposite of that. It is a Federal power grab that the States have  rejected and, yes, that the Supreme Court has ruled a stay on.   By stark contrast, the affordable clean energy rule that has been put  forward by the Trump administration, which is the rule the Democrats  want to overturn today in favor of the unconstitutional plan that hurts  the American people, is a win for North Dakota and for States across  the country. It respects the law and restores the proper balance  between States and the Federal Government. It also promotes energy  security. Maybe one could even say it promotes energy dominance.   ACE, as it is called, gives States the flexibility to set their own  emission standards. It focuses on energy efficiency improvements at  individual powerplants, and it incentivizes increased efficiency for  coal powerplants, which allows them to remain open. We have that  important base of low-cost, reliable electricity in the form of clean  energy.   This simple, responsible plan is what the Democrats find so  abhorrent. With the vote today, they are asking us to scrap the  affordable clean energy rule and return to a rule that is  unconstitutional, that tramples on States' rights, that kills jobs,  that raises electricity rates, and that does nothing substantial to  reduce emissions.   I applaud President Trump and EPA Administrator Wheeler for having  included Governors and States and innovators in the discussion before  having made the final rule.   We cannot let this happen today, and I urge my colleagues to join me  in voting no.   I yield the floor.   