 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I agree  with the Senator from Pennsylvania that we need to fight the opioid  epidemic from every angle.   The trafficking of this drug fentanyl coming into the United States  has to stop. Many lives are at stake. In my State of New Jersey, over  3,100 New Jerseyans died in 2018 alone as a result of prescription pain  killers, heroin, and fentanyl.   While I support the Senator from Pennsylvania's desire to use all of  the leverage we have at our disposal to pressure China to do a better  job at regulating illicit fentanyl, as is exemplified by the amendment  I cosponsored with Senator Schumer and others that is in the underlying  legislation we are considering as of now, the Senator from  Pennsylvania's amendment could potentially have far more wide-reaching  implications.   I believe every Member of the body should be concerned about the  potential collateral damage should this become law.   The Trump administration's State Department, when we asked them for  an assessment of the original version of this amendment, concluded that  it would lead to the suspension of U.S. foreign assistance to every  country on the planet. That is not something I can support.   When we talk about China, our aid to China isn't to China as a  nation. China doesn't need our aid. It is giving out aid all over the  world. Our aid to China is to individuals, entities, and organizations  that actually promote our national interests and our national security  by creating opportunities for different parts of Chinese society to be  independent from the Chinese state. So it is not China that gets our  foreign assistance, but, in large part, that ultimately would be  denied, and that is a type of loss that the Chinese would be only too  happy to see happen.   My office worked extensively through the weekend with the Senator  from Pennsylvania's office. We offered numerous different compromise  agreements, but none of them were acceptable. So while I agree with the  spirit of this amendment, I cannot support it as it is currently  drafted, and therefore I must object.     Mr. President, as I said, we worked all weekend long  with the Senator from Pennsylvania's office, and we are happy to  continue to work with him to see if we can come to a common ground. His  original amendment that we were discussing did include the elimination  of democracy promotion, and that is something that China would only be  too happy to achieve.   I understand that in this amendment--which I have not had the full  opportunity, nor my staff, to fully analyze--he may have excluded that.  That is another step forward. So we are happy to engage with the  Senator and see if we can come to common ground beyond today.   My goal, however, is to join the Senator in punishing countries that  are ultimately allowing this to happen, but not to do it in a way that  doesn't punish the country but actually denies those whom we are trying  to help inside of those countries in the pursuit of our own interests.  So if we come to that point, I hope we can ultimately come to an  agreement.   With that, I yield the floor.   