 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition  to H.R. 8 and H.R. 1112.  [[Page H2123]]    We all share the same goal: to end gun violence. But in the course of  this debate, House Democrats say they want to do something to end gun  violence and anyone who disagrees with their policies doesn't care.   I believe in my heart that the gentleman from Maryland and the folks  on the other side of this debate care about the victims of gun violence  and the children in this country, and I know in my heart that my  colleagues on this side of the aisle and I care, too.   It is a shame that in their rush to do something, anything, Democrats  have made this a partisan show. They won't even allow my bipartisan  concealed carry reciprocity bill that passed this House last Congress  to be debated on the House floor today.   What about the single mother victim of assault, like Shaneen Allen?  Does she not have the right to defend herself?   Instead of working on commonsense solutions that can actually help  prevent tragedies--like supporting local law enforcement, ensuring laws  and protocols are followed, improving mental health, and implementing  my concealed carry reciprocity--they are targeting law-abiding  citizens, and they are disregarding existing Federal law.   There is no gun show loophole. Federal law already requires a  background check on every commercial gun purchase in America no matter  where it takes place. Federal law already prohibits so-called straw  purchases.   Let's make one thing clear: H.R. 8 would not have stopped Newtown.  H.R. 8 would not have stopped Parkland. It would not have stopped Las  Vegas or Sutherland Springs or San Bernardino or the tragic attack on  our former colleague, Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.   But the proponents of gun control don't want you to judge them based  on outcomes; they want you to judge them based on intentions. And they  say anyone who points out the facts, anyone who dares observe the  obvious flaws in their legislation, does so because they don't care.   In their rush to do something, House Democrats ignore that House  Republicans have done many things, like strengthening the background  check system, which would have prevented Sutherland Springs; improving  mental healthcare, which would have prevented many of these shootings  such as Newtown and Charleston and Parkland; and giving schools the  tools they need to protect students. All these bills received  bipartisan support in the last Congress, but we don't get credit for  real action because they say our intentions weren't good enough.   We owe it to the American people to look past the intention and the  emotion and focus like a laser on outcomes. What can we do to actually  end gun violence once and for all?   So what is this bill actually going to do?   It is going to turn a law-abiding American into a criminal when you  loan your shotgun to your buddy to go dove hunting.   It is going to make it illegal for a victim of stalking to borrow a  gun from a neighbor for protection.   It is going to make the cost of background checks so expensive that  the average American can't afford to buy a gun. Meanwhile, criminals  are going to continue to get their firearms, whether it is through  theft or the black market or on the street.   I applaud President Donald Trump for standing with us against this  ineffective legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no.''   The American people want us to work together to solve this problem  and stop gun violence. Can't we come together in a bipartisan way and  not just do something, but do something that will actually make a  difference?   I am calling on my colleagues to put partisanship aside. Work  together on ideas that will actually make a difference. I stand ready  to continue this work. I will work with anyone to end gun violence  while also protecting the rights of law-abiding citizens, and I reject  the false dilemma that we can't do both.   