 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3289, the Hong  Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Chris Smith for his incredible  leadership in introducing this bipartisan legislation and for all of  his work on human rights. I also thank Chairman Engel and Ranking  Member McCaul, as well as Chairman Sherman, for their leadership and  their support of this bill and bringing it before the House today for  consideration.   Behind me is a photograph taken on Monday night in Hong Kong's Chater  Garden. It is estimated that 130,000 people took part in this rally  calling on the United States Congress to pass the Hong Kong Human  Rights and Democracy Act.   The Hong Kong people need international support, and I am proud that  the United States House of Representatives is standing in solidarity  with Hong Kong in their struggle.   While the protests were sparked by the extradition bill, the heart of  the discontent is that many of Hong Kong's political leaders do not  represent the people. Instead, Hong Kong's leaders are beholden to the  Chinese Government. Millions of Hong Kongers would not have to protest  in the streets if they could freely choose their political leaders.   Since the 2014 umbrella movement protests, the ``one country, two  systems'' framework has been rapidly eroding as free expression has  been stifled and the space for democratic participation has been  restricted. We have seen the prosecution and sentencing of prodemocracy  leaders, the disqualification and removal of prodemocracy legislators,  the abduction and arbitrary detention of booksellers, and the expelling  of a Financial Times journalist.   Hong Kong's high degree of autonomy is enshrined in the legally  binding 1984 Sino-British Joint Declaration and Hong Kong's Basic Law.  The joint declaration is an international treaty, signed by the Chinese  Government, and guarantees the protection of rights and a separate  economic system for mainland China.   I believe it is time for the United States to reconsider its policies  toward Hong Kong.   U.S.-Hong Kong relations are governed by the United States-Hong Kong  Policy Act of 1992 that commits the United States to treating Hong Kong  as a separate customs territory from the rest of China as long as Hong  Kong remains sufficiently autonomous. The Hong Kong Human Rights and  Democracy Act would require the Secretary of State to certify, on an  annual basis, whether Hong Kong continues to warrant special treatment  different from mainland China under U.S. law.   It is time we put the Chinese Government on annual notice that  further erosion of autonomy or a crackdown will cause the city, which  serves as an important financial haven for wealthy Chinese elites, to  lose its special economic, financial, and trade arrangement with the  United States.   Further, the legislation authorizes sanctions against individuals who  violate human rights and states that Hong Kong visa applicants should  not be denied entry to the United States based on politically motivated  arrests based on their protest activities.   To be clear, we stand together with the people of Hong Kong and,  indeed, all the people of China when we express our concerns about the  human rights violations of the Hong Kong and Chinese Governments.   Over the years, Hong Kong has prospered and become the financial  center of Asia because of its strong commitment to the rule of law,  good governance, human rights, and open economic system. We must use  our leverage to help the people of Hong Kong in their struggle to  secure a democratic future that protects Hong Kong's autonomy and way  of life.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this legislation, and I urge all  of my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from  California for his leadership.   I rise in support of H.R. 4270, the Placing Restrictions On Teargas  Exports and Crowd Control Technology to Hong Kong Act, the PROTECT Hong  Kong Act.   I am proud to have introduced this bipartisan legislation, along with  my colleagues Chris Smith and Ro Khanna, that responds to the excessive  and unnecessary use of force by the Hong Kong police, targeting those  engaged in peaceful protest. I want to thank the chairman and ranking  member of the Foreign Affairs Committee for bringing this bill so  quickly before the House for consideration.   The PROTECT Hong Kong Act prohibits U.S. exports of defense articles,  munitions, and police equipment to Hong Kong. Specifically, it stops  U.S. exports of teargas, pepper spray, grenades, rubber bullets, guns,  semiautomatic rifles, and such defense articles and munitions to the  police.   Let's be clear about what is happening in Hong Kong right now.  Millions of people from all walks of life, including: young people,  students, women, seniors, entrepreneurs, teachers, civil servants, and  workers are standing up to the most powerful, authoritarian government  in the world. Protesters have inspired the world as they risk their  lives, their health, their jobs, and their education to fight for the  future of Hong Kong. They are savvy and strategic. They are using  technology to mobilize, stay anonymous, and organize. They are  capturing and extinguishing teargas containers.   They have taken down, taken apart, and shown the world increasing  surveillance cameras that monitor everyday Hong Kongers. They are using  art, music, laser pointers, and the projection of messages on building  to highlight their struggle.   They organized a human chain of 200,000 people spanning 37 miles.  Tenants in Hong Kong's residential buildings organize the shouting of  slogans from their windows every night with calls and responses echoing  throughout the city. The people of Hong Kong have made their voices  loud and clear.   But instead of listening to them, the Chinese and Hong Kong  Governments have mishandled the situation at every turn. The world has  now seen eyewitness evidence compiled by journalists and the media  showing that police have used excessive force and used equipment in  violation of manufacturer guidelines and international standards.   We have seen the police firing rubber bullets and bean bag rounds at  peaceful protesters at close range. We have seen them launching teargas  canisters, from high buildings and directly at individuals, into  crowded and enclosed areas.   We have seen them failing to give demonstrators visible and audible  warning before firing, and we have seen them use batons to beat and  subdue demonstrators and disperse journalists.   In fact, the situation has been so bad that in June, the British  Government suspended export licenses for the sale of teargas and crowd  control equipment until concerns about human rights abuses are  addressed.   On August 13, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights called for  an investigation of the use of crowd control tactics in Hong Kong.   Enough is enough. It is time for American companies to stop selling  weapons that are being used to suppress peaceful protests. Instead of  heeding international calls to stop the crackdown, the Hong Kong  Government continues to make matters worse.   On October 1 alone, 269 arrests of protesters, spanning the ages of  12 to 71 were made. Two teenage protesters had been shot with live  ammunition, and the uptick of violence against journalists has further  served to inflame public anger against the government and the police.   Instead of establishing an independent commission of inquiry on  police conduct to deescalate the situation, the Hong Kong Government  has formally invoked the Emergency Regulations Ordinance to ban the use  of masks during public assemblies. This is an impractical and draconian  step to move the city closer to martial law.   The Hong Kong Government should repeal this regulation and refrain  from bypassing oversight and scrutiny by the legislative council in  making ad hoc regulations. An intensified crackdown will only escalate  and promote violence, and further tarnish the reputation of Hong Kong  and its police force.   At a minimum, it is beyond time for Congress to send a clear message  that the United States supports the people of Hong Kong, and that we  will no longer provide assistance to crack down on pro-democracy  protesters. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 4270, the  PROTECT Hong Kong Act.   