 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to shed light  on yet another really dark cloud that is hanging over our Department of  Defense. In fact, for decades, a dark cloud of fiscal mismanagement has  loomed large over the Pentagon. During my very first term here in the  Senate, I began my quest to bring fiscal accountability to the  Pentagon. Four decades later, I am still keeping tabs on the money  trail. That money trail is sometimes difficult to follow. Back then, it  was a bit like David taking on Goliath.   We all know that the United States of America has the strongest and  mightiest military in the world. I am thankful for that because a  strong military is not meant to fight a war; it is meant to maintain  the peace. We haven't had a world war III since we have had a strong  military.   Our brave men and women who serve in the U.S. Armed Forces protect  our shores at home and abroad to keep us safe and to protect the  blessings of liberty for our children and grandchildren. That is  exactly why it is so very important to keep check on the Pentagon's  ledgers, to help make sure that every tax dollar assigned to the  Nation's defense is actually spent effectively and not squandered on  waste, fraud, and abuse.   With the help of brave whistleblowers who stuck their necks out to  ``commit truth,'' I stuck my neck out during the Reagan administration.  That is when I learned about the Pentagon's little shop of price  horrors.   Of course, ripping off the taxpayers started during the Revolutionary  War, when contractors sold rotten meat to the Continental Army, and it  continued during the Civil War, when profiteers sold ammunition filled  with sawdust and shoddy shoes and horses to the Union Army. It looks  like it continues to this day.   Back in 1985, Americans will recall, the Defense Department was  shelling out vast amounts of taxpayer dollars for spare parts. Remember  back then the $450 hammers and the $640 toilet seats? That sounds like  a real bargain compared to the more recent wasteful spending at the  Pentagon, such as the $1,280 coffee mug and the $14,000 toilet seat  lid. Obviously, the cost of waste is getting a whole lot more expensive  for our taxpayers.   Back in the 1980s, I fought to win a spending freeze on unchecked  spending sprees. Misspending and overspending were riddling the defense  budget at the expense of the American taxpayer.   Military readiness drives the spending decisions that Members of  Congress make when we cast our votes on the defense budget. Our  constituents expect their elected representatives to make sure that the  moms and dads, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters who are serving  our country in uniform are well equipped with the best resources money  can buy. But they also expect their elected representatives to make  sure their hard-earned dollars that are withheld from every paycheck-- their tax dollars--aren't being ripped off by greedy corporations, like  TransDigm Group, Inc., which I will speak about in a moment.   That is why I conduct robust oversight of defense spending. As a  taxpayer watchdog--and all of us are supposed to be watchdogs, and all  of us would claim to be watchdogs--it is our  [[Page S2846]]  responsibility and my responsibility to make sure every defense dollar  is spent as effectively and as efficiently as possible. Every dollar  lost to waste, fraud, and abuse harms military readiness, and it also  lines the pockets of somebody else at taxpayers' expense.   Trimming the fat in a bloated bureaucracy won't happen in the  shadows. There is no magic wand to wave either. If there is one thing I  have learned in my years of oversight, transparency matters.  Transparency brings accountability.   Every time I come to the floor to talk about the fiscal mess at the  Pentagon, I get a bit of deja vu. Earlier, I said my fraud-fighting  efforts in the 1980s could be compared to David v. Goliath. Now let's  fast-forward to this year, 2019. I am still here working as hard as  ever to do away with wrongdoing and extract fiscal accountability at  the Pentagon. Today, some might say that job is like the one performed  by the famous character in Greek mythology who was destined to roll  that heavy stone up the hill and to do it from then until eternity.   Congressional oversight can be extremely tedious, and it can be time- consuming, but, as I like to remind each of the other 534 Members of  Congress, it is essential to our country that we exercise this system  of checks and balances. Without it, the dark fiscal cloud looming over  the Pentagon would swell bigger and bigger and bigger.   Oversight work may feel like an uphill climb, but oversight is not  futile in the end. That is why I keep my shoulder to the wheel--to hold  people at the Pentagon accountable, to protect taxpayers, and most  importantly, when it comes to a defense dollar, to make sure we have  our military readiness.   Right now, I am here today to share some new details about the broken  record of fiscal mismanagement at the Department of Defense.   No matter how high I turn up the volume, the overdogs at the Pentagon  remain tone deaf to fiscal integrity. Consider the recent report by the  Department of Defense Office of Inspector General. It is called  ``Review of Parts Purchased From TransDigm Group Inc.''   First, I want to compliment Senator Warren and two Representatives,  Ro Khanna and Tim Ryan, for getting the ball rolling with their request  asking the inspector general to look into the contract--this  contractor's pricing structure. We need all hands on deck in Congress  to conduct oversight, so I thank these other Members of Congress just  named.   After digging into the details, I can only conclude that the Pentagon  is still, after all these years, stuck on autopilot. No one on board in  the Pentagon's mother ship seems to bother to steer its ``fiscal ship''  into shape. Fiscal integrity somehow got lost in the spare parts horror  story I am about to tell. In fact, I was more than dismayed with the  response from the internal watchdogs at the DOD IG office. Their team  wrote the report, and yet the inspector general leadership team seemed  to show no urgency whatsoever to fix the problem they described.   This tells me I also need to keep a tight leash on the internal  watchdogs leading the Department of Defense inspector general's office.  Their February report exposes a galactic price gouging, colossal  ripple, and out-of-this-world waste. It reads like a sequel to the same  financial shenanigans that have turned the Pentagon into a taxpayer  money pit. Change out the name of the contractor, inflate the charges,  submit the invoice and voila--the American taxpayer is on the hook for  another fixed-price, sole source contract.   For this report, the inspector general examined one contractor,  TransDigm Group. In total, the inspector general analyzed 113 contracts  between January 2015 and January 2017. They reviewed 47 spare parts the  Department of Defense purchased from this contractor. In just those 2  years, the inspector general found TransDigm overcharged the Pentagon  by $16-1/10th million out of a total of $29-7/10th million in  contracts.   The reasonable profit threshold is considered by the Department of  Defense to be 15 percent or below. The IG found that TransDigm earned  excess profits on 46 of the 47 parts sold to the Defense Department.   On 17 of those parts, TransDigm earned more than a 1,000-percent  profit. Remarkably, the highest profit percentage was 4,436 percent.   It is obvious to our taxpayers that that is a fleecing of the  American taxpayer. Pulling the wool over the eyes of Congress and the  taxpayers will only stop with transparency--which transparency will  bring accountability.   So that is why I am here today. Just think for a minute about the big  picture. This report is just one snapshot of a much larger problem. It  is kind of a spit in the ocean when you consider the enormous $716  billion defense budget. Just imagine the boatloads of bloat elsewhere  in the bureaucracy. The Department of Defense is obligated under  Federal law and under regulations to uphold basic measures of fiscal  integrity.   So where do we go from here? The inspector general made just a few  paltry recommendations. For starters, it directed contracting officers  to request voluntary refunds for excess profits. Guess the chances of  getting voluntary refunds. Let me suggest that I would not advise  taxpayers to hold their breath on a voluntary refund. The inspector's  general recommendations, then, have no teeth. Their recommendations are  insufficient. What is worse, the inspector general leadership team  claims no single Department of Defense official is responsible for this  price gouging that goes on.   So let me repeat: The inspector general leadership team, the internal  watchdog for fiscal integrity and compliance at the Department of  Defense, is effectively saying something like this: No one person at  the Department of Defense can be held accountable for waste, fraud, and  abuse of taxpayers' money. Obviously, to the taxpayers listening or  anybody else, this illustrates a cavalier attitude toward taxpayer  money that former Secretary of Defense James Mattis sought to  extinguish. By the way, I wrote him a note, complimenting him on some  statements he made about taking care of some of these problems.   The decades-long odyssey of misspending at the Pentagon keeps going  around and around and around. That is why--the way I see it--the  Department of Defense has a fundamental responsibility to uphold fiscal  integrity. After reviewing the IG report and meeting with its auditing  team and the Department of Defense pricing czar, I have reached three  conclusions. No. 1, fiscal control at the Department of Defense is  AWOL. The Pentagon will never clean up its books if it cannot properly  track the money trail and connect the dots.   Consider why the Department of Defense contracting officers were  unable to even certify if a profit was ``fair and reasonable.'' Do you  know why? It was because they could not obtain critical cost data at  the company TransDigm. In the most egregious case--that case I  mentioned where there was a 4,436-percent profit margin for just one  spare part--the contracting officer--you will not believe this-- certified that the price was fair and reasonable. There is something  very, very wrong about that procedure. A whopping 4,000-percent profit  margin for a spare part doesn't square with our midwestern commonsense  standard.    No. 2, the leadership team at the IG office has exhibited an alarming  hands-off approach toward stopping waste, fraud, and abuse. The lack of  urgency and the failure to hold anyone accountable is very revealing.  It sends a signal throughout the chain of command: Just keep on signing  contracts; keep ordering spare parts; keep up business as usual.  Lastly, it shows that no one will be held accountable for price  gouging.   No. 3, the pattern of price gouging at TransDigm and its subsidiaries  has gone unimpeded for decades. It has amassed exclusive rights to sell  these spare parts to the Pentagon. In fact, the Defense Department  accounted for 34 percent of its sales in 2017. TransDigm exploited its  business model and took advantage of its sole source position to  leverage higher prices.   Now, as a former chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee--and  still a member of that committee--I have examined anticompetitive  business practices over a long period of time, including those in  agriculture and the pharmaceutical sectors of our economy. It is very  concerning to me when  [[Page S2847]]  contracting arrangements, like those between TransDigm and its 100  subsidiaries, are effectively a monopoly. It is like an octopus with  100 arms putting the squeeze on the Pentagon. Effectively, the Pentagon  is at the mercy of TransDigm--which owns the intellectual property--to  buy the spare parts it needs to build the Nation's critical weapon  systems. That leaves the American taxpayer on the hook for exorbitant  price gouging.   The inspector general report found that TransDigm's choke hold has  added up to tens of millions of dollars overcharging to the taxpayer.  This is a good time to refresh people's memories about my legislative  and oversight work with anticompetitive business practices. It is  pretty simple. Monopolies invite government regulation. If that is the  road TransDigm wants to continue following, I am here to deliver a  message. The jig is up on this cozy relationship. The buck stops here.   I have written a letter to Acting Secretary Shanahan about these  flawed contracts and failures to identify price gouging. I have asked  him to make measurable recommendations on how to restore accountability  and end this price gouging. One thing is crystal clear. Transparency  and competition are MIA--missing in action--when the Pentagon buys  spare parts from TransDigm and its subsidiaries. Now, thank God the  other body, the House of Representatives, its Committee on Oversight  and Reform, called an oversight hearing this week to examine TransDigm  and its price-gouging shenanigans.   Congress has a constitutional duty of oversight to keep check on  taxpayers' money and hold government accountable. As I said earlier, we  need all hands on deck to root out wasteful spending.   Once again, we are back to square one. The Pentagon has flunked a  fundamental benchmark of fiscal responsibility and stewardship. It is  one of Washington's worst kept secrets. Year after year, Congress  shovels more money into the Pentagon coffers to ensure we maintain the  best military in the world, and I express my support for the military.  I express my support that a strong department of national defense is  also a strong keeper of the peace because we might not be challenged,  and we are going to be able to help keep peace around the world, but  year after year, the Pentagon squanders hundreds of millions of  taxpayer dollars. Some people at the Pentagon seem to think that paying  $16 million in excess profits somehow seems to be small potatoes.   In my letter to the Acting Defense Secretary, I made it clear that I  am not one of those people. I have asked him to answer a direct  question. That question is this: What specific steps is he going to  take to stop the profiteers from pilfering taxpayer money?   Contracts like I have described today between TransDigm and the  Pentagon are shortchanging the troops, fleecing the taxpayers, and  tarnishing its reputation.   As Justice Brandeis said, ``sunshine is said to be the best of  disinfectants.'' So I am here today to pull back the curtains on the  TransDigm audit. The American people need the sun to shine in on price  gouging at the Pentagon so we can root out the wasteful spending here  and elsewhere.   Transparency is the best ammunition that we have to chase away the  dark fiscal crowd looming along the shores of the Potomac.   