 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last weekend, the world watched as an  attack was launched on the oil processing infrastructure of the Kingdom  of Saudi Arabia. The attack initially reduced Saudi Arabia's daily  output capability by half, and that represents about 5 percent of the  daily global production. Oil prices around the globe spiked by as much  as 19 percent before starting to fall on the news that there was enough  oil in reserves around the world to deal with any short-term reduction  from Saudi Arabia. One of those reserve nations they were talking  about, of course, included this great Nation, the United States.   The Strategic Petroleum Reserve is important to maintain. I think we  all recognize that, especially in light of the attack on Saudi Arabia.  Yet I have always believed and had the mindset that we need long-term  energy supply solutions in this country. As the attack on Saudi Arabia  has displayed, there is no foreign substitute for American energy.   Should this attack on Saudi Arabia have happened before our Nation's  energy renaissance, we would have been in a much worse situation. The  near monopolistic control other nations once had on the oil and gas  market no longer exist--a credit to American ingenuity and innovation.  Over the last decade, we have had a turning point in this country on  energy, which is something that leaders around the world talk to and  point to in the United States. We have produced more oil and gas, we  have improved energy conservation, and we have diversified our energy  sources.   In 2015, we got rid of another handcuff to securing energy  independence. We lifted the export ban on oil. That policy change both  boosted America's domestic energy industry and is helping today to  settle markets after the attack in Saudi Arabia. Lifting the ban has  unleashed millions of barrels of oil into the marketplace, which has  kept prices steady and reduced the influence of the Organization of the  Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, and Russia. Think about that,  what the United States has done to reduce that influence.   According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, U.S.  petroleum and natural gas production increased by 16 percent and 12  percent respectively in 2018. These totals combined established a new  production record. The United States surpassed Russia in 2011 to become  the world's largest producer of natural gas and surpassed Saudi Arabia  in 2018 to become the world's largest producer of petroleum. Last  year's increase in the United States was also one of the largest  absolute petroleum and natural gas production increases in history from  a single country.   The United States continues this trend toward energy independence,  and that is a good thing. Yet, despite these successes, there are those  who want to not just stop this trend but who fully intend to reverse  our energy independence. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle have endorsed a Federal fracking ban. They want to ban the very  production that gave us energy independence, that gave us independence  from OPEC and Russia. They have endorsed ending fossil fuel exports,  and they have endorsed eliminating energy development on Federal land.  Yet, tell me, do any of these policies actually result in more  affordable energy prices? Do these policies make energy more reliable?  Do these policies keep the price at the pump down? Do these policies  keep our allies across the globe safer? Do these policies keep our  troops safer?   Let's take gas prices. If my Democratic colleagues were truly  concerned about the impact of gas prices on their constituents'  pocketbooks, I am curious if any of them would come up with a  calculation of what gas prices would be after the ban of hydraulic  fracturing, the stopping of exporting fossil fuels to the global  market, and the stopping of energy development on Federal land. What  would the price be? I guarantee you that there wouldn't be very much  opportunity or at least very much comfort for their constituents.    Over 20 percent of the crude oil produced in this country in 2018  came from Federal land. There is little doubt that eliminating 20  percent of the supply of oil would have a significant impact on gas  prices. Yet that is exactly what several have called for. Fracking has  extended the productive life and resource recovery at the Bakken, Eagle  Ford Shale, Marcellus Shale, Niobrara, and Permian Basin formations,  just to name a few.   As a matter of fact, the U.S. Geological Survey published an updated  assessment of the Permian Basin's resources in 2018. By itself, the  Permian already produces one-third of the Nation's oil, and the updated  assessment estimates that over 46 billion barrels of oil, 280 trillion  cubic feet of gas, and 20 billion barrels of natural gas liquids are  trapped in these low-permeability shale formations. The Nation's supply  of oil and gas reserves essentially doubled in the blink of an eye,  according to that report.   Colorado's Western Slope is home to the Piceance Basin. In 2016, the  USGS issued a similarly larger reassessment of the recoverable  resources in the Piceance. The USGS estimated mean volumes of 66.3  trillion cubic feet of gas, 74 million barrels of oil, and 45 million  barrels of natural gas liquids.   The Uinta-Piceance Basin that covers western Colorado and eastern  Utah has an abundant supply of natural gas that could be exported  through a west coast liquefied natural gas terminal, like Jordan Cove,  to our allies in the Pacific.   We have enough energy resources to meet our domestic needs and to  meet the needs of energy overseas. So let's relish that fact. Rarely do  we have a chance to provide economic opportunities here at home, to  provide energy security to our partners abroad and make sure our allies  have those opportunities as well, and to use the innovation and the  investments we have made here to weaken our enemies all in one area,  like in energy production.   Let's think about what the world would look like if we had not moved  in the direction of increased domestic production in recent years.   The decline of Venezuela's oil production over the last 12 years and  the resulting political instability in the country would have hurt the  import ability of the United States. OPEC and Russia would have a  significantly larger role than they do today in determining the global  production levels,  [[Page S5647]]  and we have seen how that has played out for the United States in the  past. We could very well be where China is today--overly dependent on  imports from Saudi Arabia and terrified at the slightest hiccup in its  production ability, which could have far-reaching consequences for our  economy or, rather, we would find ourselves exactly where we were in  1973.   That is where we will end up if my colleagues get their way and ban  energy production, hydraulic fracturing, or pass the Green New Deal, as  they would like. These policies would make us once again dependent on  foreign sources of energy and make us vulnerable to the geopolitical  manipulation that comes with that dependence.   As recently as 2005, we were dependent on imports for two-thirds of  our oil consumption--more than twice what we were reliant on in 1973  when we had a supply crisis during the embargo. If that were still true  today, this attack on Saudi Arabia would be a significant cause of  concern for the United States and for the U.S. oil supply. Yet, because  of the pursuit of energy independence in the United States and the  security we have achieved through these innovations and developments,  we are confident that we can weather short-term supply disruptions in  the global market.   Banning production, banning the development of energy in Colorado, or  implementing policies like the Green New Deal would kill not only our  opportunity to be energy independent and weather the storm of a global  supply crisis, but it would also kill millions of jobs around the  United States that pay far above average wages. The oil and gas  industry supports over 10 million jobs in the United States, and it  accounts for almost 8 percent of the gross domestic product of the  United States. The jobs have an average salary of over $100,000 a year.  These are good-paying jobs that enable people to provide for their  families, contribute to domestic energy security and our goal of energy  independence, and they will allow us the ability to send a responsibly  developed resource to our allies overseas who want a dependable trade  partner.   Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, though, simply  want to do away with this industry, those jobs, those salaries, that  freedom, the independence, and the prosperity that it brings.   Instead of talking about putting our traditional energy sources out  of business, why don't we talk about hardening our energy  infrastructure, protecting these critical assets, and continuing to  responsibly produce those resources for us, the environment, and for  the world? Doing so is a win for the United States. It is also a win  for our communities and those who wish to partner with us in order to  fuel the world's economy.   It is incredibly important that we have energy independence, and I  can't think of a more disruptive crisis the world could have faced had  this happened in a country in which we no longer had the production  that we do today. I hope we can work together on energy policies that  continue to create jobs and grow the American economy.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, several months ago, members of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee had the opportunity to sit down with  the Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, to talk about a number of concerns  around the globe, including our concerns about Huawei and ZTE and the  fact that Huawei and ZTE pose serious threats to the national security  of the United States and its allies.   At the time, there had been a lot of discussion about what was  happening in Europe and other places around the globe and about whether  Huawei would be allowed to participate in our allies' networks and what  that could mean for U.S. national security and our ability to continue  to engage in national security conversations, intelligence operations,  sharing of information, and the like.   In that conversation, Secretary Pompeo said--and this was the entire  group of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, both Republican and  Democratic Members--in that conversation, Secretary Pompeo said that  what would help would be to let Congress's voice be heard when it comes  to Huawei and ZTE and that we should send a strong message to our  allies that our concern with Huawei and ZTE is not a Republican issue,  it is not a Democratic issue, it is not just a one-term-of-Congress  concern, but it is an ongoing concern that we have with the security of  our systems, our information, the lack of security and the  vulnerability that Huawei and ZTE networks and equipment pose to the  United States; that we send a message to our allies in a bipartisan,  bicameral fashion that if they go forward and allow Huawei or ZTE to  have access to their critical infrastructure networks, then that is  going to pose problems for the United States; that we may have to tell  them: Look, this kind of action could have consequences; that perhaps  we don't share as much information with them as we otherwise would, or  it could mean that certain facilities we were going to build together  won't be built but all because of our concern over Huawei and ZTE.   I want to thank my colleagues, Senators Coons, Markey, Cruz, and  Rubio, who have joined me in cosponsoring this resolution.   I want to thank Chairman Risch and Ranking Member Cardin for working  with my office to get this resolution condemning and making a very  strong statement against the actions of Huawei and ZTE back in July.   Again, Huawei and ZTE pose a serious threat to the United States and  our allies around the globe. This resolution makes clear many of the  longstanding and bipartisan efforts we have made together to warn about  the threats these companies pose to our critical telecommunications  infrastructure. It further makes clear that the United States should  reiterate to countries choosing to incorporate Huawei or ZTE into their  new telecommunications infrastructure that the United State will seek  to limit the risks posed to our government and military from use of  such compromised networks.   This is an issue that shouldn't be bound by partisanship; it ought to  cut across the Members of this Chamber who agree on condemning the  actions of Huawei and ZTE and standing up for our national security.  That is why I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 136, S. Con. Res. 10. I further  ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; the  concurrent resolution, as amended, be agreed to; the Gardner amendment  at the desk to the preamble be considered and agreed to; the committee- reported amendment to the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; the  preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, tomorrow I plan to vote for the motion  to instruct, which is in regard to language within the Defense  Authorization Act that talks about the importance of protecting our  national security interests against Huawei and ZTE. But when we are  objecting to resolutions that are bipartisan because of motions to  instruct that have no binding nature, I am concerned that perhaps we  are not doing enough work to  [[Page S5648]]  find those bipartisan solutions in this Chamber.   So I hope, as I come back to this floor again to consider S. Con.  Res. 10, to warn our allies that if they use Huawei or ZTE, there will  be repercussions.   The resolution itself is bipartisan. I hope we can come together as a  Senate and recognize that motions to instruct are fine, but actual  messages, condemnation, and understanding of our allies that actions  will be taken are important.   I yield the floor.   