 Mr. President, I ask to be recognized for 7 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Peter Wright for the position of Assistant Administrator of the Office  of Land and Emergency Management at the Environmental Protection  Agency. If confirmed to this position, Mr. Wright would be in charge of  the office that cleans up hazardous waste, contaminated lands,  oilspills, and environmental disasters. He would be at the helm of the  Nation's Superfund Program, which is critical to keeping our  communities and families safe from dangerous chemicals and other toxic  substances.   As a former counsel for Dow Chemical Company, Peter Wright's resume  looks eerily similar to the listing of parties responsible for  contaminated Superfund sites across our country. For 19 years at Dow,  he was known as the company's dioxin lawyer. He headed negotiations for  a massive cleanup of this cancerous chemical at a time when the company  was accused of delaying cleanup efforts and misrepresenting scientific  evidence.   For the past year, Peter Wright worked in an unconfirmed capacity as  ``special counsel to the EPA Administrator.'' Despite promising to  divest all his equity interests in DowDupont, it was recently revealed  that he held on to those stocks until just 4 months ago. Continuing to  profit off of a chemical company while working for the primary Federal  Agency responsible for regulating that company is unacceptable  behavior.   Just as our lands need protection from toxic chemicals, our  government needs to be kept safe from ethical dangers and toxic  nominees--two things that have continually contaminated the Trump  administration.   Early in my career, I worked with a mother in Woburn, MA, named Anne  [[Page S4794]]  Anderson. Anne worked tirelessly to expose the link between the  industrial chemical TCE and the development of leukemia in Woburn, MA,  and the children of Woburn, MA. Her work and the work of other Woburn  families helped spur Congress to pass the Superfund law. I was a  champion of that bill in the House, and I am proud to continue to  defend and strengthen the Superfund Program today in the Senate.   Anne Anderson's son Jimmy died from exposure to TCE and other  chemicals. She had to do the job because the Federal Government was not  doing the job. She had to be the one to put together all the other  mothers who had children who were also going to die.   You may have seen the movie or read the book ``A Civil Action.'' It  is a very good movie, but it is about her. It is about what happens  when the Federal Government turns a blind eye to the impact that large  chemical companies and others have upon the lives of ordinary citizens  if there aren't proper protections.   Those sites are cleaned up. Her son Jimmy has passed. The site now  has a transportation facility on it. It is named the ``Jimmy Anderson  Transportation Center,'' in his name. He died. Superfund is meant to  make sure there are no more Jimmy Andersons.   Right now, there are tens of millions of acres of contaminated land  in America and in places with long industrial histories, like  Massachusetts, and we have nearly a century's worth of toxic materials  that have accumulated across our State and across the country. That is  why we need an Assistant Administrator who will fight to protect  American communities from these toxic exposures and make sure polluters  pay for that cleanup.   Recently, Congress has been debating how to handle a class of  chemicals known collectively as PFAS, which are everything from Teflon  to firefighting foams and are often called forever chemicals because of  how long they stay in the environment, cycling through soil, water, and  air, until they build up in our food and in our bodies. Certain PFAS  chemicals are associated with a host of dreaded diseases: cancer,  thyroid hormone disruption, low infant birth rates, and immune system  problems. PFAS should really be ``poisonous for all species'' because  it poisons fish and it poisons cows. It poisons the water. Ultimately,  it begins to affect human beings as well. PFAS--``poisonous for all  species.''   Massachusetts has documented PFAS contamination in Ayer, Barnstable,  Mashpee, Shirley, Middleton--all across our Commonwealth. Polluters  should pay to clean up their messes, but right now, it is the public  that pays. This could change if the EPA would follow up on a promise  made by Scott Pruitt to designate PFAS as a hazardous substance under  the Superfund law. More than a year later, we are still waiting.   We need a champion at the head of the Superfund office. There are  many Anne Andersons around this country trying to keep their little  Jimmys protected. Mr. Wright hasn't committed to giving our communities  the weapons they need to fight back against chemical contamination.  That is why today I will oppose his nomination on this floor.   Mr. President, with that, I yield back.   