 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs.  Lesko) for her time and energy on this important issue. I thank my  colleagues who have been speaking on the floor.   Madam Speaker, I have got to say, this bill, like my colleague from  North Carolina just spoke of, is more of the same. It is more of the  same political theater that we see day in and day out in this body,  where we refuse to actually address the issues of the day.   We have 100,000 people pouring across the border of the United States  per month who are apprehended--100,000. And then I watch with complete  disbelief while my colleagues on the other side of the aisle dare to  complain about how children are being housed, about how people are  being housed when we don't have the facilities to do it, and they  literally refuse to bring forward legislation to fund dealing with the  problem.   I have never seen greater hypocrisy in this body, and that is saying  something pretty profound. I don't know how Members can look, with a  straight face, at the American people and say that this House is  actually addressing this concern legitimately.   The Democrats are bringing forward a bill, now, under the idea of  taking care of people who are here illegally--who, by the way, were  given status by the President of the United States previously,  illegally and unconstitutionally, as we proved in DAPA, which I was  proud to litigate on behalf of Texas along with Attorney General  Paxton, Solicitor General Scott Keller, where we won in the Fifth  Circuit. We were upheld in the Supreme Court for DAPA, the DACA class  was illegally and unconstitutionally granted status.   It matters what we do here; it matters what the government does; it  matters that we follow the rule of law; and it matters that we not look  at the American people and claim to be, in the false name of  compassion, concerned about the migrants coming here when we have open  borders that are exploiting these kids.   A little girl today is going to be raped on the journey coming up  through Mexico while we pretend to care. When are we going to do  something about it?   If we actually care about the people at the border right now, if we  actually care, why wouldn't we fund beds right now?   Why wouldn't we fund immigration judges right now?   Why wouldn't we fix asylum laws right now, not to prevent asylum, but  to match it up with the 88 percent who are found to be fraudulently  claiming asylum once they go through the process and immigration judges  look at it? Why wouldn't we fix that problem today?   Why are we empowering cartels to profit to the tune of $2 billion in  2018 by moving human beings across our border?   Why are we empowering 54 migrants being stashed in a stash house in  Houston, Texas, by the Reynosa faction of the Gulf Cartel while we do  nothing about it, when we can?   We are the most powerful nation in the history of the world. Why  don't we go to our southern border and address the problem rather than  engaging in the political theater of this ridiculous bill?   