 Madam President, it should come as no surprise that I  might have a different point of view than the Democrat leader when it  comes to the issue of net neutrality. If you look at what has happened  since the FCC ruled on this, there were all these terrible apocalyptic  predictions that were made about how speeds were going to slow down,  the internet was going to slow to a crawl, and you wouldn't be able to  do basic applications anymore, none of which have happened.   Obviously, we all believe--I certainly do, and I think most of my  colleagues on this side believe--that if you want to have an open and  free internet, that is a good thing, and if there are concerns about  blocking or throttling or slowing speeds in some way, the Congress  should be heard from on that because what we have had now for several  years is this ping-pong effect. When one party is in power, they change  the rules to suit their desires, and then the other party comes to  power and changes it. Then you have all this litigation that goes on in  the courts, which doesn't help anybody. All that does is bog things  down and generates a tremendous amount of cost, and nobody's interests  are served by that.   So if there is a concern, and I have articulated this on many  occasions to my colleagues on the other side, to work with us on a  legislative solution where Congress can step in and put clear rules of  the road in place when it comes to the internet--making sure we have an  open and free internet--we are prepared to do that, but that is not  something the Democrats have been interested in doing.   They would rather have this heavy hand of government that slows this  innovation down, all these wonderful things that are happening in our  economy right now--the race to 5G, which obviously is critically  important to so many sectors of our economy--could be dramatically  impeded if you had the heavy hand of government, the heavy hand of  regulation, which has been advocated by our colleagues on the  Democratic side for some time, if that became the norm.   When President Trump was elected, and Chairman Pai was made Chairman  of the FCC, and we had a Republican FCC which did away with the  heavyhanded regulations of the previous administration, we heard all  these apocalyptic predictions coming from the Democrats about all of  the horrible things that were going to happen to the internet. I can  tell you that my experience, I think, is like most Americans. I can  continue to download applications. I can continue to scroll and to see  the things I want to see and to toggle back and forth between different  websites in a way that I did before. It just flat hasn't happened. So  they are trying to come up with a solution for a problem that does not  exist.   That said, we would be happy to work with them. We want to put clear  rules of the road in place, but that is not what they want. They want  the heavy hand of government and the heavy hand of regulation  strangling what has been one of the most remarkable economic miracles  of the last half century, if you look at what the internet has done in  terms of productivity in this country.   