 Mr. President, the issue here is that, under the U.S.  Constitution, the Senate really does need to do its job as a separate  and coequal branch of government.   Last week, Senator Cardin and I were right where we are today--here  on the floor of the Senate, asking consent that the Senate immediately  take up and vote on the two House bills that are on the Senate calendar  as we speak and pass them and send them to the President to reopen the  government. Last week, the majority leader blocked a vote on that. He  blocked consent to take up those bills to reopen the government. Since  last week, much has changed, and much has stayed the same. Here is what  has changed.   The impact and harm of the shutdown is growing by the day. It is  metastasizing around the country. Here are some headlines: ``The  cascade of shutdown problems grows each week.'' Another headline:  ``This is ridiculous: Small-business owners can't get loans as shutdown  enters Day 20.'' That was day 20. We are now on day 25. ``FBI  operations damaged as shutdown continues.'' ``FBI Agents Group Says  Shutdown Affects Law Enforcement.'' They point out it is putting those  on the job at greater risk because those are who are furloughed who  support them can't give them the backup they need.   The FDA continues to not do its routine food inspections, and  American veterans--and veterans make up 30 percent of the Federal  workforce--are being disproportionately hurt by the shutdown.   We just heard it reported that the White House economists are  doubling their estimate of the harm being done to our economy each  week. It is already in the billions of dollars, and they are saying it  looks as though it will be twice that much as this thing grows  exponentially.   Services have been shut down for the American people. There were  800,000 Federal employees, as of last Friday, who received pay stubs  like the one I am holding in my hand. This is one that was for an air  traffic controller. Starting last Friday, 800,000 Federal employees did  not get paychecks. Hundreds of thousands of them are on the job,  working, and hundreds of thousands of them have been locked out of  work. What they tell us is they just want to get back to work and do  their jobs for the American people. If you look at this pay stub, at  the net pay, it reads ``zero''--a big, fat goose egg. I can tell you  these Federal employees are getting bills. They are getting their  mortgage and rent bills. They don't say zero. They stay the same. So  here you have 800,000 Federal employees who are unable to make do-- missing mortgage payments, missing rent payments, missing their monthly  installments on community college payments. On top of that, you have  all of these small businesses that do work for the Federal Government  that are beginning to go belly-up, and their employees are being told  not to go in to work.   Since Senator Cardin and I were here on the floor just last week,  things have gotten much worse around the country, but here is what has  stayed the same--that we have it in our power today to take up two  House bills to open the government.   I was listening to the majority leader say: Well, you know, the  President says he is not going to sign them.   Yet we are a separate branch of government. We are the article I  branch of government. I am holding in my hand, right here, the bill  that Senator Cardin asked us to vote on today. I think the public needs  to know what is in it because what is in it has already been supported  on a bipartisan basis by this U.S. Senate.   It has provisions to open about five Departments of the U.S.  Government that have nothing to do with Homeland Security. We passed  that by a vote of 92 to 6. The President says that he doesn't want to  sign it. He can veto it. With 92 to 6, it is a veto override--big time.  Also contained in here are bills that passed the Senate Appropriations  Committee by a vote of 30 to nothing and 30 to 1. That is what is in  here--bipartisan bills.   So the question for this body, as a separate branch of government, is  this: Why in the world are we not going to allow a vote to reopen the  government on provisions that we have already agreed to on an  overwhelming bipartisan basis--in fact, with a veto-proof margin?   The President can say that he is not going to sign it. That is his  business. That is the executive branch. For goodness' sake, let's do  our job here in the U.S. Senate, because every day that goes by with  this growing harm, the Senate is more and more complicit, and we are an  accomplice to the shutdown.   I know President Trump likes to talk about the fact that he has done  things that no other President has done before in the history of the  United States. This time, he is right. He has the longest shutdown of  any President in the United States. He said he would be proud to shut  down the government if he didn't get his way. I know that no Senator  here--Republican or Democratic--is proud to shut down the government,  certainly, for the longest period in history.   So let's do the right thing. Let's do our job. Let's not just say the  President is the only one who can handle this. We can handle it.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 6, H.J. Res. 1, making further  continuing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security. I  further ask that the joint resolution be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.   