 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In 21st century America, having reliable, high-speed internet  broadband isn't a luxury; it is a necessity. Just like running water or  electricity, it is part of our essential infrastructure, yet millions  of Americans in rural communities, including some in my district in  western Maryland, remain disconnected from the internet.   That lack of connectivity leads to homework gaps, healthcare gaps,  and economic development gaps. It is our job in Congress to eliminate  those gaps.   The Federal Communications Commission is required to report accurate  data to the public so that we can make effective decisions about rural  broadband infrastructure policy and investment.   But there is strong evidence that the percentage of Americans without  broadband access is much higher than the FCC's numbers indicate.   In order to justify Chairman Pai's deregulation agenda, the FCC  released highly flawed and misleading data that paints a false picture  of broadband deployment in rural America.   We now know the FCC's data was based on a massive error that was  brought to his attention before the FCC disseminated the press release  touting their success. That kind of deception could lead to millions of  our neighbors in rural America being locked out of this critical good.   This amendment seeks to address this issue by, one, prohibiting the  FCC from releasing a report based on information it knows to be  inaccurate; and, two, specifying the Commission must use its best  efforts to ensure all future reports are accurate, and they must  correct past inaccuracies prior to the release of new data on broadband  deployment.   It is pretty simple. We need accurate information to make the best  decisions regarding broadband deployment. Let's ensure we get that from  the FCC moving forward, and then let's ensure every American has access  to reliable high-speed broadband.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his comments.   Mr. Chairman, good policy simply needs good data. We need accurate,  reliable information to target our policies and resources as  effectively as possible.   This amendment simply ensures reports issued by the FCC are accurate,  and we should all be able to agree on that. And I thank the gentleman  for that.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   