 Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by congratulating my  good friend and colleague, Congresswoman Joyce Beatty, for advancing  the Housing Financial Literacy Act, H.R. 2162. It is an effort she has  championed for years. As co-chair of the Financial Literacy Caucus, I  am proud to cosponsor this legislation with her.   Mr. Speaker, for many folks across this country, owning a home is  quintessential to the American Dream. While not everyone will always be  able to afford a single-family home, we should work to encourage the  American Dream of homeownership and make sure that we help people along  the way. It is good for individuals, and it is good for communities.  Not only does it help individuals build equity over time, but reducing  the disparities in homeownership by race has the potential to reduce  the racial wealth gap in this country.   However, we must work to ensure consumers are informed and encourage  responsible homeownership, and the Housing Financial Literacy Act does  just that. By providing a discount of 25 basis points on the upfront  FHA insurance premiums for borrowers who complete HUD-approved  prepurchase financial counseling, what we are doing is  [[Page H5280]]  making those homes more affordable; we are empowering those people with  knowledge; and we are helping build the dream of homeownership.   This financial counseling is so important for first-time buyers. It  helps them understand the costs associated with homeownership, like  taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. It also helps them factor in  household budgeting and recognize high-risk financial products to make  sure they can make informed decisions.   For people across this country, including in my district, having a  place to raise their family is the American Dream, and I encourage my  colleagues to support this bill to help make homeownership a reality  for more people.   Mr. Speaker, again, I want to acknowledge my colleague, Congresswoman  Joyce Beatty, for her incredible leadership on H.R. 2162, the Housing  Financial Literacy Act. I encourage all of my colleagues to support the  bill.   