 Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 750 expresses the sense of Congress  that individual choice in health insurance should be protected. Almost  160 million Americans under 65 years of age are enrolled in employer- sponsored health insurance, and another 14 million Americans under 65  have purchased their own private health insurance.   Additionally, an increasing number of Americans are taking advantage  of the robust choices in Medicare Advantage plans. According to the  Congressional Budget Office, the number of individuals with employer- sponsored insurance has increased by 3 million since President Trump  took office, largely an effect of our great economy.   Right now, the Energy and Commerce Committee is holding a hearing on  one-size-fits-all healthcare. Being discussed are nine bills that serve  to lay the groundwork toward socialized medicine in the United States.   I fear that if House Democrats declare this their north star, as they  did in the hearing today, it abandons the health insurance options that  Americans have said are working for them.   Medicare for All would eliminate private insurance, eliminate  employer-sponsored health insurance, eliminate Medicaid, and eliminate  the Children's Health Insurance Program, upon which many Americans  depend. I am concerned about the consequences for existing Medicare  beneficiaries, as this policy would more rapidly deplete the Medicare  trust fund, which is already slated to be insolvent in 2026.   The practical effect of that is no doctor, no hospital, could be  reimbursed by Medicare under law once that trust fund is exhausted.   Our Nation's seniors depend on the existence of Medicare for their  health needs in retirement. More than 70 percent of Americans are  satisfied with their employer-sponsored health insurance. It provides  robust protections for all individuals, and since 1996, it has provided  protections for preexisting conditions.   This is why it is so important that we protect individuals' employer- sponsored insurance for the majority of Americans who would like to  keep it. According to one study by America's health insurance plans,  consumers prefer greater market competition rather than greater  government involvement.   Medicare for All is a complete government takeover of the healthcare  industry. This same study found that consumer satisfaction is driven by  comprehensive coverage, affordability, and choice. A one-size-fits-all  health program results in no choice for Americans.   Consumers value discounts for good health, flexible spending  accounts, and health savings account programs that would all but  disappear in a Medicare for All world.   The New York Times reported rural hospitals are saying that they  would virtually close overnight, while others have said they would try  to offset the steep cuts by laying off hundreds of thousands of workers  and abandoning lower paying services, such as services for mental  health.   Other countries with socialized medicine have seen increased wait  times. In Canada, the wait time for a specialist consultation is over 9  weeks. Americans deserve to have better access to healthcare than the  long waiting lists and lower quality care found in other nations.   Single-payer healthcare would be another failed attempt at a one- size-fits-all approach to healthcare. Single-payer is not one size fits  all. It is one size fits no one. It is critical that this Congress  maintain access to healthcare choices and build upon what is working in  our healthcare system.   I urge my fellow Members to vote ``no'' on the previous question so  that we can support H. Res. 750.   