 I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders)  and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily  absent.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today America lays to rest the great  Justice John Paul Stevens. On behalf of the U.S. Senate, it is my  privilege, along with my Illinois colleague Senator Duckworth, to  introduce and have adopted a bipartisan resolution honoring this  remarkable and noble man, a native of the city of Chicago.   During his Supreme Court confirmation hearings in 1975, then-Judge  John Paul Stevens faced a line of questioning about his health, which,  in retrospect, is amusing. They were asking questions about his health  44 years ago. Justice Stevens had undergone a single bypass heart  surgery 2 years earlier, and the members of the Judiciary Committee  just wanted to make sure he could handle the rigors of serving on the  U.S. Supreme Court. History has shown us that Justice John Paul Stevens  had not only a strong heart but a good heart when it came to serving on  the U.S. Supreme Court.   Sadly, that mighty heart finally did stop beating last week. Justice  Stevens was 99 years old. He died peacefully with his daughters  Elizabeth and Susan by his side.   My State of Illinois is proud to claim John Paul Stevens as a native  son. He was a member of a prominent Chicago family, and he grew up in  the luxury of his family's hotel, then known as the Stevens Hotel and  now known as the Hilton Hotel on Michigan Avenue. He never used the  privilege of his family's wealth to shirk his responsibilities as a  citizen of America.   In World War II he was a lieutenant commander in the Navy. He was  awarded the Bronze Star for his service on the code-breaking team,  whose work led to the downing of the plane of the man who had planned  the attack on Pearl Harbor. After the war, he became an accomplished  attorney and a champion of good, ethical government.   It was John Paul Stevens' integrity, as much as his brilliant legal  mind, that convinced President Gerald Ford to nominate him, then a  Federal judge on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, to serve on the  U.S. Supreme Court in 1975. President Ford called then-Judge Stevens  ``the finest legal mind I could find.'' The Senate obviously agreed.  The vote on the Senate floor for John Paul Stevens' confirmation was 98  to 0.   He was the second oldest and third longest serving Justice in the  history of our Nation, but it is the quality of his service, and not  its length, that most distinguishes John Paul Stevens' career on the  U.S. Supreme Court. Justice Stevens approached disputes fairly,  squarely, and succinctly. He took great pains to understand all sides  of a case and give all sides a fair hearing. He rejected the easy path  of ideology, and he was willing to change his position when the facts  warranted it.   He authored the majority opinions in some of the most famous and  important Supreme Court decisions in his time. One example was in 2004.  Justice Stevens wrote the majority opinion in which the Court, by a  vote of 6 to 3, rejected the Bush administration's view that prisoners  at Guantanamo Bay could be held beyond the reach of the law with no  access to the Federal courts. The case was Rasul v. Bush.   In 1984, in the landmark Chevron case, Justice Stevens wrote an  opinion for a unanimous Supreme Court about the deference owed to  Agency interpretations of Federal statutes, crafting a legal framework  that has been cited in more than 11,000 subsequent judicial opinions.   He was also often brilliant in dissent. In his lengthy dissent in  Citizens United v. FEC in 2010, Justice Stevens rejected the radical  and, I personally believe, dangerous notion that corporations have  essentially the same First Amendment rights as individuals and should  be allowed to spend, potentially, unlimited amounts of money on  campaigns.   President Eisenhower famously said that he made only two mistakes as  President, ``and they're both sitting on the Supreme Court.''   President Ford felt just the opposite about his choice in Justice  Stevens. In 2005, the year before his death, President Ford wrote of  Justice Stevens: ``I am prepared to allow history's judgment of my term  in office to rest (if necessary, exclusively) on my nomination 30 years  ago of John Paul Stevens to the U.S. Supreme Court.'' I can think of no  higher praise.   Justice Stevens stepped down from the Supreme Court 9 years ago.  Anyone who had hoped that he might slip quietly into retirement was  certainly disappointed. He continued in his retirement to speak and  write forcefully and eloquently on major issues facing America.   In 2014, he testified before the Senate Rules Committee on the  dangers that dark money in politics posed to American democracy.   He wrote three books. Justice Stevens once told an interviewer that  the person who most motivated him to write was a professor from whom he  took a poetry class at the University of Chicago. The professor's name  was Norman Maclean. In his own retirement, Norman Maclean wrote a semi- autobiographical novel entitled, ``A River Runs Through It and Other  Stories.'' It was later made into a movie starring Robert Redford.   Looking at the life's work of John Paul Stevens, it is clear that a  river ran through his life too. The currents in that river included a  reverence for American democracy and the Constitution, compassion and  respect for individuals, and a painstaking commitment to decide each  case on its merits rather than relying on easy answers suggested by  political ideology.   Justice John Paul Stevens was a good man and a courageous man, whose  strong heart was matched by a brilliant mind, ceaseless curiosity, and  a fierce commitment to justice. He fought the good fight. He served our  Nation with honor, and he safeguarded and enriched our democracy. May  he rest in peace and honor.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 282,  submitted earlier today.    I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to consider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I made my second trip to the southern  border just this last Friday with, I believe, 14 of my Senate  Democratic colleagues. It is the largest congressional delegation I  have ever been a part of for this type of assignment. We went to  McAllen, TX.   Approximately 40 percent of those who present themselves at our  border come through this McAllen, TX, post. There is a port of entry  there where many people, of course, are detained when they present  themselves at nearby border positions.    Just a few months before, I had been to El Paso, TX, and, in El Paso,  about 20 percent of those who come to our southern border present  themselves as well. It was an eye opener and an emotional experience to  see the hundreds of people who are being held in detention at our  border in McAllen.   There were two contrasting images. One of them was the image of a  Catholic nun, Sister Norma Pimentel, who has, for most of her adult  life, dedicated herself to those who come to our border seeking rescue  and security. Catholic Charities in McAllen, TX, has an extraordinary  center filled with volunteers from all over the United States. I met  some people from the city of Chicago and the State of Illinois and from  all across the Nation who had given up their daily lives to come down  and volunteer and do the basics--cook food, clean up, pass out  toiletries, and offer a helping hand to many people who have just gone  through the worst struggle in their lives.   Sister Norma is an extraordinary person, and she has really touched  the hearts of so many people in her caring and loving way. It is a  reminder time and again of the goodness of so many Americans who want  to tell the world that we are in fact a nation driven by values of  importance.   It was my good fortune to have breakfast with her and then spend  another part of my day with her and my Senate colleagues. That hour-- that hour I will never forget--is when I saw these people, many of whom  had struggled for weeks, a month, days and days to get to the border of  the United States. They had gone through life experiences that we  wouldn't wish on anyone. They were victims of assault, rape, and crimes  that were committed against them, but they were leaving determined to  come to the U.S. border.   Many of them told stories, particularly from the countries of  Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras, about what they had been through  and the threats to their families in these countries, which are largely  lawless now, as these drug gangs and others threaten their children and  them. It was in desperation that many of them made this journey,  cashing in everything they owned on Earth to try to make it to the  border of the United States.   Theirs is today's story, but it really is the story of this country  that goes back for many years. It was 108 years ago that my grandmother  decided to make her journey to the United States with three small  children. She brought her two daughters and her son from the country of  Lithuania to become immigrants to the United States. Her 2-year-old  daughter, which she carried in her arms, was my mother, and I am a  proud son of that Lithuanian immigrant.   Why did they come to the United States? Simply because they heard  there was a better chance for a better future if they made it here.   That is the story of this country. We are being tested now at this  time in this generation as to whether that story is still alive. Now,  we understand there are some basics here. I hope we can all agree on  them. Perhaps some will not, but I believe they are important.   The first is that we need border security. In an age of terrorism  with the worst drug epidemic in the history of our Nation, it is right  for us to know who is coming into this country and what they are  bringing into our country.   Secondly, we want to make certain that anyone who is known to be a  danger in this country is never allowed admittance, and those who are  here undocumented and who commit a serious crime have forfeited their  right to stay, as far as I am concerned--no questions asked beyond  that.   The third thing is that we have to have an orderly immigration  system. We cannot absorb every person in the world who wants to come to  the United States at this moment. It just is not in our best interest.  It really isn't in theirs either. We need an orderly immigration  process. The question we have to ask ourselves is this: If we agree on  those three things, can we then agree that we have a broken immigration  system that needs to be repaired? Can we agree that people who do  present themselves at the border will be treated in a humane fashion?   I told the story of Sister Norma, but if you look at the immigration  policy of the Trump administration, you find a much different message  to the world. We remember when this President initiated his Presidency  by establishing a Muslim travel ban, creating chaos at airports across  the country, and continued to separate thousands of American families.  We remember the policy of this administration when the President  announced the repeal of DACA. DACA, the Deferred Action for Childhood  Arrivals, is a program that grew out of the DREAM Act, a bill that I  introduced about 18 years ago. It was a bill that said--or an Executive  decision, actually, under President Obama: If you were brought to this  country as a child, and your parents made the decision to come, and you  were just along for the ride, but you lived in this country, got an  education in this country, and didn't create serious crimes in this  country, you deserve a chance.   You got up every morning and went to school and pledged allegiance to  that flag and believed it was your own, and, then, probably when you  were about 10 or 12, someone in the family told you something that you  never heard before: You were not legally in America.   What should we do with these young people? Well, when I introduced  this bill 18 years ago, my plan was to give them a chance to earn their  way to legal status, finish their education, make certain that they  have no serious criminal record, be willing to serve this country in  the Armed Forces--and so many of them are--be willing to go on to  school and develop a degree in teaching, engineering, nursing, or  medicine, and then we gave you a chance for a green card and a path to  legalization and citizenship in America.    In 18 years, I have never been able to make this the law of the land,  but I prevailed on President Obama to create a program based on this  premise, and he created the DACA Program. Now, over 800,000 young  people in America stepped up, paid a $600 filing fee, went through a  criminal background check, and they were given permission to stay in  this country without fear of deportation and with permission to work in  this country as well.   Who are they? There are so many different people. I have introduced  them on the floor today--I mean other days, I should say--with color  photographs and telling their stories. The ones I think of immediately,  the stars of the class, as far as I am concerned, are the more than 30  of these DACA students who are currently enrolled in the Loyola  University Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago, which made the  competition for the school of medicine open to DACA recipients, and  they competed openly and won 32 slots.   In order to pay for their education, because they don't qualify for  Federal assistance to go to school, my State of Illinois loans them  money, and for each year that they are loaned money, they promise to  serve a year, once they are licensed physicians, in an area of medical  need in my State. What a wonderful program that takes into account  their skills and talent and our need in  [[Page S5002]]  the State for medical care in rural communities in Smalltown, America,  and in the inner city of Chicago and other big cities in my State.   Well, the President of the United States decided to end the program  that made them eligible to apply for medical school, and in making that  decision, the President jeopardized the completion of their medical  degrees because, you see, no matter how hard they worked, that medical  degree leads to a residency where they learn how to practice medicine  hands on, and a residency is a job, and to be legally entitled to work  in this country, you need to have DACA protection, which President  Trump took away.   So many of them faced the prospect that their medical education would  end because of the President's decision. Fortunately for them, the case  was brought to Federal court to try to stop President Trump from  eliminating DACA, and it provided us with a program that will continue  with its protections until the court case is resolved. That could  happen, and it could happen soon.   It tells you what happens when a President makes a decision that  affects so many lives and the damage that it can do, not just to them  and their families but to our Nation.   The President also terminated the Temporary Protected Status Program  for multiple countries that protected some 300,000 people who have come  to the United States over the years because of adverse natural  disasters or political conditions in their country.   Then the President, last year, initiated a program called ``Zero  Tolerance'' that resulted in the disastrous separation of thousands of  families at the border. Because a Federal court mandated it, the  administration had to account for the children who were separated.  There were some 2,880 infants, toddlers, and children taken away from  their parents, some with lies about where these children were going and  how soon they would be returned.   This is what the court said in Southern California to the Trump  administration: Account for these children. Tell us where they are  today. Tell us where their parents are.   They couldn't even match up all the children with the parents because  many of the parents had been sent back to their countries with the  promise that the children would return, and there was no recordkeeping  so that could be done.   This President also was engaged, through his Department of Homeland  Security, in migrant detention facilities, where the inspector general  with the Department of Homeland Security found ``an immediate risk to  the health and safety of detainees and DHS employees.''   I saw them in April of this year in El Paso. We had a detention  facility there where they were holding those who were presented at the  border. The sign over the door of that detention center said: Capacity  35. I looked through the plate glass window. There were 150 men  standing shoulder to shoulder. They ate standing up. There was no room  for all of them to lie down and sleep. I was told a couple of weeks  later that the population census had grown to 200 in that cell that was  designed for 35, with 1 toilet.   Next to it was a detention cell with another plate glass window. Over  the door, it said: Capacity 18. I counted 75 women, some with nursing  children, in that room designed for 18 people, with 1 toilet.   That situation is unacceptable and inhumane. Regardless of the legal  outcome of those who present themselves, we can and must do better as a  nation. The inspector general is right. That condition that I saw was a  risk to health and safety.   Then, the President, through a series of his infamous tweets,  threatened mass arrests and deportations of millions of immigrants who  have committed no crime and posed no threat to the safety and security  of their communities. What the President has done is created rampant  fear in the immigrant communities around Illinois and around this  Nation.   Then, the President put in place a new rule that blocks asylum claims  at our border for nationals of any country except Mexico, including  families and children fleeing persecution. The UNHCR, the United  Nations refugee agency, said that the rule that the President  promulgated will endanger vulnerable people in need of international  protection from violence or persecution.   Now the President is continuing on his path of destruction. He is  considering reducing the number of refugees that the United States will  admit in the year 2020 to zero.   You have to go back in history to World War II, when the President of  the United States, a member of my own political party, made a conscious  decision to tell those Jewish people coming from Europe that they would  not be allowed admittance into the United States to escape the Nazi  Holocaust. The story of the SS St. Louis is one that people should read  and consider the 800 passengers on that ship who were rejected by the  administration as refugees and sent back to Europe. A fourth of them  died in the Holocaust.   Because of our feeling of shame after World War II, the United  States, under Presidents of both political parties, said that we would  try to set a standard for the world when it came to accepting refugees,  and we did. An average of almost 80,000 per year were admitted into the  United States. Think back to the Cubans who came to this country to  escape communism under Castro. They have become such a vibrant part of  America today, and in fact, three of the Senators today are of Cuban  decent. They were part of that refugee movement--maybe not their  generation but in their family.   Then, of course, we accepted Jewish people from the Soviet Union, who  were being persecuted. Soviet Jews found a welcoming America. The  Vietnamese who risked their lives to fight on our side in that horrible  war were welcomed into the United States rather than see them face  persecution in their own countries.   The story goes on and on and for years and years. For decades the  United States established a standard of caring when it came to  refugees. Now this President has announced that despite all of the  turmoil in the world, we cannot accept a single refugee in the year  2020. What a departure from the high-minded and high-valued conduct of  previous Presidents.   Since the enactment of the Refugee Act of 1980, the United States has  resettled over 80,000 refugees per year under the administrations of  both political parties. President Trump has said he will end it.   For the last 2 years, the Trump administration has set the lowest  refugee ceilings in history in the midst of the worst refugee crisis in  history. Now the administration may slam the door at least for a year  or until someone prevails on the President.   Today, as almost every day, the administration has announced a new  rule that allows immigration officers to arrest and deport undocumented  immigrants anywhere in the United States unless that person can prove  they have been in the United States for at least 2 years. I ask, if  someone stopped you on the street and said ``Prove you have been here  for 2 years,'' how long would it take you to gather that documentation  to make that proof, if you can? To do this to people and threaten to  deport them on the spot immediately if they don't produce the  documentation is totally unfair. This procedure, known as expedited  removal, allows an immigrant to be deported without consulting with an  attorney or counselor or defending themselves in a hearing before an  immigration judge. It is summary judgment on the street to deport  people and tear families apart.   America is better than this. We can certainly keep America safe and  respect our heritage as a nation of immigrants. We can have a secure  border and abide by our international obligations to protect refugees  fleeing persecution as we have done on a bipartisan basis for decades.   When I went and toured the McAllen Border Patrol station, Donna, and  Ursula, we met with many of the leaders there and saw firsthand what is  happening. We are starting to build facilities that will be more  humane, at least by design, and hope that is exactly what happens.   I would like to say a word about the men and women who work for  Customs and Border Protection. I am not going to make any excuses for  those who have abused people in the past or those who have said  horrible things online about them--no excuses at all. But the  [[Page S5003]]  people I met as part of our government service at the border were  overwhelmingly good and caring people who are confronted with a  situation at the border that they never envisioned with circumstances  beyond their control. So I want to say a word for those who are doing  the best they can under these extraordinary circumstances and thank  them for their service.   The reality is that President Trump's policies, as harsh and cruel as  they have been, have been ineffective at our southern border. The  situation is much less secure than when he took office. The President's  obsession with the border wall led to the longest government shutdown  in history, even paralyzing our immigration courts for that 35-day  period.   More refugees have been driven to the border because the President  has shut down the legal avenues for migration and blocked all  assistance to stabilize the Northern Triangle countries.   Under President Obama we set up in-country in Guatemala, El Salvador,  and Honduras an opportunity for those who wished to come forward and  apply for asylum status in the United States without leaving their own  country if they chose to do it. It was one alternative to an expensive,  dangerous trek to the southern border. The Trump administration closed  down that program, giving the people in those countries no other  alternative but to try to make that trip to the border. That made no  sense at all.   There is also a gaping leadership vacuum at the Department of  Homeland Security. In the 2\1/2\ years the President has been in  office, there have been four different leaders in the Office of the  Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, and in every major  subcategory position, whether it is interior enforcement or border  enforcement, there have been at least as many people in an acting  capacity and not in a permanent capacity.   I will say that we have tried our best to work with this  administration when they have asked for help and volunteered it when  they didn't. Last February, when we passed the omnibus bill, we  included over $400 million for humanitarian assistance at the border,  and when the President came back and asked for an emergency  supplemental of $4.6 billion for additional funding, Democrats joined  Republicans to pass that legislation.   Last year, before the border crisis began, Senate Democrats supported  a bipartisan agreement, including robust border security funding and  dozens of provisions to strengthen border security. But the President  threatened to veto it, and instead pushed for a hard-line approach,  which, when it was called for a vote in the U.S. Senate, received fewer  than 40 votes.   Six years ago, in 2013, there was a problem on the Senate floor, and  there aren't many to recall as we stand here today, but this was one of  them. I was part of the Gang of 8, four Democrat and four Republican  Senators who worked for months--Senator John McCain, Chuck Schumer, and  many others--to put together a comprehensive immigration reform bill.  We brought it to the floor of the Senate, and it passed 68 to 32. It  was a step and a move in the right direction to deal with our broken  immigration system. Unfortunately, the Republican House leadership  refused to even consider that bill or call for a hearing. The Acting  Secretary of Department of Homeland Security, Kevin McAleenan, said  that if our bill in 2013 had been enacted into law, ``we would have a  very different situation. . . . we would be a lot more secure on our  border.''   Republican Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, who supported that  bill, said ``If that bill became law, most of the problems we're having  today we'd not be having.''   We had a path, a bipartisan path, a good path that we should return  to. It is time for us to find a way to work together for a secure  border, for a secure nation, to reduce the massive amounts of money  that are being spent now because of this migration, and to do it in a  humane fashion consistent with the values of the United States.   We are ready to work with Republicans. Democrats on this side of the  aisle are ready to work to achieve goals I think we all share. We need  to address the root causes in the Northern Triangle countries that  drive migrants to flee to the United States. We need to crack down on  the traffickers and transporters who are exploiting these migrants. We  need to expand third-country resettlement so that immigrants can find  their way safely without making that dangerous trek. We need to  eliminate immigration court backlogs so that asylum claims can be  processed more quickly. We need to expand the use of proven  alternatives to detention, like family case management, so immigrants  know their rights and show up for court.   It was hard to believe, when we went to Sister Norma's cafeteria  centered in McAllen--some of the migrants who had gone through the  system and were now heading to join family members in the United States  showed us the packets they were given with legal documents. Understand,  these people were fresh off the border, out of detention. As we looked  inside the packets, we found in many cases that the instructions were  printed in English, not Spanish, and they did not include any specific  time or place for the person to report. They had simply typed in ``to  be determined.'' Is it any wonder that people struggle to come to a  court hearing as required by law?   We can do better. We need to get them the information they need if  they are going to be a part of our legal system and tell them the time  and place they need to report.   We stand ready to work on this side of the aisle for smart,  effective, humane border security policy. We need to have a bipartisan  approach. Republican colleagues need to step up and find a constructive  way to deal with the challenges we face on the border today. We can  keep America safe. We can continue to probably call ourselves a nation  of immigrants. What we are seeing now is a situation which begs for a  bipartisan, compromise solution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   