 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I begin this morning with some news for  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. As stipulated by the National  Emergencies Act, Democrats will once again force a vote to terminate  the President's national emergency declaration. The provisions of the  National Emergencies Act dictate that the resolution of disapproval be  privileged and therefore must be voted upon.   As everyone no doubt remembers, the Trump administration declared a  national emergency in February of this year after Congress repeatedly  denied the President funding for the construction of a border wall that  he promised Mexico would pay for. A few weeks ago, the administration  released the list of military construction projects it has planned on  canceling in order to steal money for the President's wall.   The President's emergency declaration was and is an outrageous power  grab by a President who refuses to respect the constitutional  separation of powers. I say to all of my colleagues, this issue rises  to a large and vital constitutional issue: Does our country truly have  checks and balances, particularly when we have such an overreaching  President?   We all must consider the dangerous precedent this would set if  Presidents could declare national emergencies every time their  initiatives fail in Congress. It is outrageous. There is balance of  powers. The President failed in Congress. He didn't say it was an  emergency then, but he used the national emergency law, which is  intended for true national emergencies--floods, states of war--and then  overruled the will of the people as voiced in the Congress. This is so  wrong. The President has clearly attempted to usurp the power of the  purse given exclusively to the Congress by the Constitution to take  funding from projects we have approved and give it to projects we have  repeatedly declined to approve.   This goes to our democracy. This goes to how the Founding Fathers set  up that delicate balance. We have never had such a President overreach  on an emergency basis. The recourse for such a brazen power grab should  be an overwhelming bipartisan vote in the Congress to terminate the  emergency declaration and reassert our constitutional authority.   Most of my colleagues know this is wrong. In fact, when we had a vote  the last time, 59 Senators--including a good number of Republicans-- voted against the emergency. What adds insult to injury is the  President stealing the money from our military projects that protect  our Nation, support military families, local economies, and local  schools.   The Trump administration has proposed pilfering funds from projects  in 23 States, 3 U.S. territories, and military installations in 20  countries, including $80 million from projects in North Carolina, $30  million in Arizona, and even a middle school in Kentucky. How do we say  to the men and women who risk their lives for us and whose families  sacrifice that the President is taking the money away, and we are going  to shrug our shoulders--not this Senator, not this Member and not, I  believe, every Member on our side and not a whole bunch on the  Republican side.   We need more people to join us. I hope we will see an even larger  majority stand up for both the Constitution and the military and its  Members and their families. Democrats and Republicans alike should vote  to terminate the President's national emergency declaration, and you  can be sure we will make sure everyone will have a chance to do so  within the next month.   If we don't do it, how many more emergencies will the President  declare? Whom else will he take money from and to use for purposes he  wants but that Congress doesn't and that the American people are  largely opposed to?   