 Mr. President, I rise today to draw attention to the  growing risks of an Ebola epidemic in Central Africa and to urge the  Senate to take up and pass S. 1340, my bipartisan bill authorizing  USAID to combat the Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the  Congo. This legislation passed the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  in June, and it is time for the full Senate to act.   On July 17, the World Health Organization declared this Ebola  outbreak a ``public health emergency of international concern,'' with  experts predicting the outbreak will last well into 2020.   The Democratic Republic of the Congo, or the DRC, as it is known, has  been battling an Ebola outbreak for exactly 1 year as of today. Despite  the best efforts of the Congolese, the World Health Organization, and  international partners, this outbreak is now the second worst in  history. More than 1,800 people are dead and more than 2,600 confirmed  and probable cases have been identified.   It took just over 7 months to reach 1,000 cases of Ebola, but only 2  months to reach 2,000. According to the World Health Organization, up  to 25 percent of all infections may be going unreported.   The scope of the outbreak continues to grow. Just today, press  reports indicate that there is a third case in the city of Goma, home  to over 1 million people.   Imagine the consequences of an unrestrained outbreak in a city of  over 1 million people. Under the best of circumstances, it would be  difficult, but not impossible, to control the outbreak. However, we are  not dealing with ideal circumstances. Today's Ebola outbreak is  unfolding amid a noxious mix of political mistrust and overall  insecurity.   Consider that eastern Congo has been plagued for years by armed  opposition groups and militias. Dozens of armed groups opposed to the  government operate in the areas most affected by Ebola, periodically  preventing health officials from reaching communities in need of  treatment and prevention. Likewise, criminal gangs operating with near  impunity have made it dangerous for healthcare workers to travel to  Ebola-affected villages without security.   To complicate things further, we have witnessed community resistance  specifically to the Ebola response. Long marginalized by the capital of  the DRC, Kinshasa, communities in eastern Congo remain skeptical that  the crisis is real. They fear the government is using the disease as  another tool of disenfranchising them, especially after the former  government canceled elections. Some actors even oppose medical  interventions and promote disinformation and conspiracy theories  questioning the existence of the Ebola outbreak.   To date, there have been more than 100 attacks on health facilities,  severely hampering the response of the DRC and the international  community. Misinformation, mistrust of the government, and fear of  violence at health centers has resulted in between 25 and 50 percent of  new Ebola deaths taking place outside treatment facilities. This means  infectious patients are less likely to receive lifesaving treatment and  more likely to infect others.   We no longer have the luxury of half-hearted international  engagement. We need a multifaceted, multisectoral, international  response to get this under control. We know all too well that  infectious diseases have no borders. It is one airplane flight away  from coming to our own country. That has happened in the past.   It is in our national and international interest to ensure the United  States uses every resource available to get this outbreak under  control. To date, however, the White House response has not only been  inadequate but downright counterproductive.   In early May, USAID developed a new strategy focusing on basic  assistance for disenfranchised communities to help build trust and  improve access for healthcare workers. This strategy would, for  example, support health interventions for anyone who comes to a  healthcare center in need of care, even if not totally related to  Ebola.   USAID also proposed new programs to increase education, provide clean  water and sanitation in communities, and improve conditions in Ebola- affected communities. These programs were designed to build trust and  promote resilience in at-risk communities so that health workers can  better stop the spread of the disease.   These were good ideas. Instead of embracing them, the administration  has effectively tied its own hands in promoting a sensible, sustainable  response to the Ebola crisis.   As we all know, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, which I have  been a champion of on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, having  worked with the former chairman, Bob Corker, who felt passionately  about these issues, railed against the administration when they didn't  put countries in tier 3, the most significant consequence under our  law, because they were playing politics with that country for other  reasons and not observing the essence of the law, and made sure that  the TIP Report was transparent and honest in its assessments. So I am  supportive of the harsh sanctions for countries that fail to adequately  combat human trafficking.   As a tier 3 country under the law, the DRC is therefore severely  restricted from receiving U.S. aid. But let's use some common sense  here. This legislation was never, never intended to hurt the most  vulnerable in society or to be used as an excuse to ignore a deadly  epidemic with international implications. In fact, Congress foresaw the  need for exceptions to these sanctions in extraordinary cases in 22  USC, chapter 78, section 4 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act.  This language that I just cited allows the United States to waive  sanctions and provide assistance when it is in our national interest to  do so. Indeed, the law specifically says: ``The President shall  exercise the authority''--shall exercise the authority--``under section  (4) when necessary to avoid significant adverse effects on vulnerable  populations, including women and children.''   According to the World Health Organization, the Ebola virus disease  has a 50-percent mortality rate. No one can deny its effects on  vulnerable populations. If the people of eastern Congo, including women  and children, are not vulnerable, then I don't know who is.   Yet the White House has refused to exercise the waiver. That is why  we need the Ebola Eradication Act. This simple legislation directs the  USAID Administrator to immediately provide assistance, including  multisectoral, nonhumanitarian, and nontrade related foreign  assistance, to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and other  vulnerable countries to effectively combat the Ebola outbreak,  notwithstanding the sanctions required by the Trafficking and Victims  Protection Act.   Make no mistake, President Trump could have done this himself months  ago. But as a Bloomberg editorial published today points out, President  Trump has failed to respond with urgency. As a result, needless delays  and inaction have hampered our response.   In mid-June, the administration had granted exceptions for all Ebola- related activities proposed under USAID's new plan, but they have yet  to be launched. To make matters worse, those exceptions were granted  only for fiscal year 2018 money.   Finally, the exception is not a country waiver, creating loads of  redtape for future activities related to combating Ebola. In other  words, we are shooting ourselves in the foot with unnecessary  bureaucratic hurdles that serve no purpose and slow down our response  even as the disease continues to kill more and more people.   Fortunately, the DRC and bordering countries, together with the World  Health Organization, have lessened the overall impact by successfully  vaccinating more than 120,000 people. They have also administered  experimental treatment regimens to over 300 people, which, if caught in  time, can save more lives. But this is a case where, in fact, America  can and must do more.   While there is no magic wand we can wave to change the security  situation,  [[Page S5295]]  we can certainly step up the U.S. response and our support for local  and international efforts. We have a moral obligation to help contain  and combat this outbreak before it becomes an epidemic. Likewise, we  have an obligation to protect the safety and security of the American  public. Our goal must be to save lives and prevent the spread of Ebola  before it stands a chance of reaching America's shores. Ultimately, we  ignore the tragedy unfolding in the Congo at our own peril. It is time  for this body to act.   USAID Administrator Mark Green testified in front of the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee earlier this year and expressed strong  support for this legislation as it is currently written.   I urge my colleagues to work with me in passing S. 1340, the Ebola  Eradication Act of 2019, as it is currently drafted and as the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee passed it in June.   This is an opportunity to ultimately save lives. It is an  opportunity--something we don't always get in this Chamber--for us to  actually save lives. It is an opportunity to stop an epidemic. It is an  opportunity to preserve our own interests by making sure Ebola doesn't  come to the shores of the United States. It should be a no-brainer.   I hope we can work through the one objection I understand that exists  with our colleague from Utah so that we can actually control the  epidemic, save lives, and ultimately ensure our own interests.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   