 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3494.   Our law enforcement officers stand on the front lines of defending  the American people from domestic and international terrorist threats.  It is our job as Congress to make sure that they have the most up-to- date information about the evolving threats posed by terrorism,  including the use of advanced conventional weapons.   One such evolving threat is the danger posed by terrorist use of  conventional and advanced conventional weapons, including unregistered  weapons that lack serial numbers.   To address this issue, my amendment to the Intelligence Authorization  Act will require the Department of Homeland Security to conduct an  annual assessment of the domestic and international terrorist threats  posed by conventional weapons as well as advanced conventional weapons.   This is a simple, straightforward amendment that seeks to put  important information about terrorist threats in the hands of our law  enforcement officers.   Madam Chair, law enforcement needs to have the information they need  to understand these threats. The assessment of the terrorist threat  posed by conventional weapons and advanced conventional weapons that I  call for in this amendment will do just that.   Additionally, this assessment will then be shared with Congress and  with law enforcement so that our frontline officers have the  information they need to understand these evolving threats.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amendment to title VII of H.R. 3494,  entitled, ``Reports and Other Matters.''   As a combat veteran, I can tell you firsthand that intelligence  drives operations, and it is imperative to the security of our homeland  that the U.S. maintains its superiority when it comes to intelligence.  However, a growing concern I have is when our former or retired  intelligence professionals choose to later work for a foreign  government.   We saw it with former NSA employees working as hackers for the United  Arab Emirates' Project Raven. Interviews and documents showed that the  NSA's surveillance techniques were central to the country's monitoring  efforts.   Reporting showed that American ex-intelligence personnel would target  the UAE Government's opponents online. This information, provided to  them by the country's NSA equivalent, didn't just target terrorists,  but also human rights activists and journalists, those whom the UAE  deemed unfavorable.   It is concerning when our best and brightest go off to conduct or  advise on intelligence operations for foreign governments that, in some  cases, are against the very people our American ideals protect. We need  to understand the nature and impact of this expertise in the hands of a  foreign government. What are the homeland security implications of  this?   My amendment will do just that. It requires the Director of National  Intelligence, in coordination with other intelligence community  partners, to conduct an annual assessment of the homeland security  vulnerabilities associated with former intelligence community employees  providing intelligence assistance to a foreign government.   Madam Chair, the invaluable training, tradecraft, and expertise  developed by former or retired intelligence professionals to keep our  country safe, to keep Americans safe, now in the hands of a foreign  government for their benefit is absolutely chilling.   My amendment will tackle these concerns head-on with an annual  assessment of any homeland security vulnerabilities that may be  associated with this capability, cultivated from years of service to  our country, now being provided to foreign governments.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   