 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about our booming  economy and the stellar jobs report we saw on Friday, thanks in part to  tax reform.   With tax day just around the corner, I would like to briefly  highlight the many benefits American families, workers, and job  creators have experienced as a result of lower tax rates.   Since Republicans passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, 3.2 million new  jobs have been created. Our 3.8 percent unemployment rate is near a 50- year low. The unemployment rate for women in particular matches the  lowest rate since 1953. Ninety percent of middle-class workers have  experienced a tax cut, and jobless claims have recently dropped to the  lowest level since 1969. Additionally, in 2018, manufacturing job  creation was the highest it has been in over 20 years.   As the most manufacturing-intensive State in the Nation, Indiana  particularly benefits from this tax cut bill.   Last year, in conjunction with tax day, I spoke on the Senate floor  about the many stories that have already poured into my office from  Indiana businesses that are paying their workers more and constituents  who are earning more. This year, I am proud to say these stories  continue.   My guest to last year's State of the Union, Chelsee Hatfield, is a  prime example. When tax reform was signed into law, Chelsee, a young  mother of three, was working as a teller at a rural bank, First Farmers  Bank and Trust Company in Tipton, IN. She received a raise and a bonus  as a result of tax reform. This additional income helped Chelsee go  back to school to earn her associate's degree, and it enabled her to  put money away for her children's future college education. I am proud  to say that this summer, Chelsee graduated with her degree, and she has  been promoted to a commercial loan administrative assistant position.  What a powerful story.   I recently had the opportunity to visit with a third-generation small  business owner in Fort Wayne. Dan Parker is the owner of Parker Towing  & Recovery. He was able to purchase several new trucks thanks in part  to tax reform. This means more trucks will be available to assist  Hoosiers who have been in a car accident or have had their cars break  down. Parker also recently expanded the company's office space and gave  his staff raises. Parker said: ``As a result, we have less turnover  now.''   Another Indiana employer, Cardinal Manufacturing Company in  Indianapolis, rewarded its team members with bonuses and pay raises.   Albanese Confectionery, a candy manufacturing company in  Merrillville, provided bonuses that it says will happen annually as  long as the tax reform bill stays in effect.   Lastly, I would note that this new Tax Code incentivizes new  investment into distressed rural and urban communities to help the  least among us through the creation of tax-advantaged opportunity zones  around the State of Indiana.   The bottom line is that Hoosiers continue to benefit from the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act. Workers are taking home more of their hard-earned  money, and businesses of all sizes are expanding, hiring, and investing  in their employees.   I look forward to working with my colleagues to continue supporting  policies like tax reform that have our economy booming.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   