 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri for  focusing the attention of this Chamber on this crisis at our border and  the need for reform.   America's borders have been too open for too long. As a result, we  face a humanitarian and national security crisis that is getting worse.  Congress has a responsibility to the American people to address it.   Providing for our Nation's security is the chief function of the  Federal Government. It is past time for leaders on the other side of  the aisle to get serious, do their jobs, stop playing political games,  and secure our border.   What is happening at the border and to those seeking to enter our  country illegally is a tragedy. More than 30 percent of migrant women  making the trip to our southern border have been sexually assaulted  during their journey. More than two-thirds of all migrants making the  trek have reported violence.   Our broken immigration system encourages parents to send their kids  on a dangerous journey by themselves.   The humanitarian tragedy is one element. Our open borders are also a  threat to national security and community safety. Drug cartels, gangs,  and human traffickers are exploiting our weak borders and bringing  crime into our communities.   Last year, Border Patrol agents arrested 17,000 individuals with  criminal records. About 800 gang members were caught trying to cross  the border.   The crisis extends to Montana where our epidemic of meth use tears  apart families and threatens our communities.   However, we no longer have Montana meth because of the good work of  our law enforcement. Now we have Mexican meth. Law enforcement in  Fergus County, Montana, tells me that they know when a shipment from  Mexico arrives because they see an increase in crime. Domestic  violence, burglaries, and violence are the result of Mexican meth  coming into Montana communities.   Law enforcement in the State also told me that, in addition to an  uptick in crime, addiction has left more families broken apart and more  kids in foster care.   Law enforcement tells me that over 90 percent of all the crime we  have in Montana is addiction-related.   The humanitarian crisis is not limited to our border. We can see it  in our communities: crime, violence, and broken families. We must  secure our border.   One element of improving border security is a wall or a physical  barrier. Walls work. The results bear it out. Walls at the border in  San Diego, El Paso, Tucson, and Yuma have seen dramatic declines in the  number of illegal immigrants crossing the border.   Facing an increasing humanitarian and national security crisis, it is  past time that leaders across the aisle focus on securing the border.  End the games. Get the job done and secure the border.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for the time and for her  leadership on this issue.    We must act.   