 Mr. President, I am on the floor this afternoon to talk  about an issue that I have come to this floor other times to speak  about, and that is the drug crisis we face in this country. In fact, I  am told that over the last 3 years, I have now come to the floor 58  times to address this topic--to talk about the opioid crisis, talk  about the new resurgence of crystal meth, and talk about what we can do  about it.   I will tell you, during those 3 years, we made a lot of progress, not  just in talking about this issue but doing something about it. We put  new policies in place at the Federal level for better prevention,  better treatment, better longer term recovery, and to also help our  first responders--specifically, to give them access to this miracle  drug naloxone, which reverses the effect of overdose.   Congress passed legislation, like the Comprehensive Addiction and  Recovery Act, the Cures legislation, and the STOP Act. We have provided  actually more than $4 billion of additional funding for these  programs--particularly for treatment--over just the last few years. In  Ohio alone, we have received $140 million through CARA and Cures since  they were signed into law. That money has gone toward innovative,  evidence-based programs that are actually making a difference. We had  to do this because this crisis has gripped our country in the worst  drug epidemic ever. More people are now dying every year from overdoses  from these drugs than died in the entire Vietnam conflict, as an  example. We have never seen anything quite this bad, so we responded,  as we should have, at the national level to a national crisis.    Working with States, localities, nonprofits, people out there in the  trenches doing the hard work, we are beginning to make a difference.  Last week, the Centers for Disease Control--CDC--issued a report with  their latest statistics on overdose deaths. While drug overdose deaths  are still way too high, they show we are actually seeing a reduction.   By the way, this is the first time we have seen a reduction in opioid  overdose deaths in more than 8 years. Think about that. Every year for  8 years, we have seen increases in deaths, to the point that we had  over 70,000 people a year dying of overdoses in 2017. In 2018--we now  have the numbers in from CDC--it went from roughly 71,000 to roughly  68,000. Again, that is way too high. No one should be satisfied with  that. But after increases every year, to have a 4-percent decrease  nationally shows that we are beginning to turn the tide. Let's keep  doing what we are doing. We cannot pull back now. If we do, it will  just go back up again. Actually, it is the first time since 1990, I am  told, that nationwide overdoses from any kind of drugs--opioids and  other things--have decreased in a calendar year. That is the first time  since 1990.   In Ohio, we did even better from 2017 to 2018. We had more than a 4- percent drop; we actually had a 22-percent drop in Ohio. That is partly  because my home State has been ground zero for this. Like West  Virginia, Kentucky, and other States, we have been hit really hard. To  go 22 percent below where we were the previous year is progress, and we  should be proud of that. Still, we are seeing overdose rates that are  way too high. Overall, around the country, 33 States had reductions.   As I said earlier, the area where we made the most progress is in  combating opioids, partly because of legislation we passed here.  Particularly, we tried to address this issue of prescription drugs,  heroin, and fentanyl.   The Washington Post recently published a stunning analysis showing  why it is so important that we continue to push back and how we got  here. They showed that for the 6 years between 2006 and 2012, there was  an absolutely unbelievably high number of shipments of prescription  pain medications. Oxycodone and hydrocodone were the ones they focused  on, which account for three-quarters of the total opioid pill shipments  to pharmacies.   In a single CVS pharmacy right outside of Cleveland, OH, more than  6.4 million pills were delivered during that 6-year period. Think about  that. In one small pharmacy, there were over 6 million pills. Overall,  the Post found that over that period, more than 3.6 billion  prescription pain pills were supplied to Ohio. That is ``billion'' with  a ``b.'' That is an astounding number. That means that during those 6  years, there were approximately 313 opioid prescription pain pills  prescribed for every single man, woman, and child in Ohio. That is what  we are talking about here.   Obviously, this was used as a way for people to take these pills and  spread them, not just in Ohio but in other places, causing immense harm  because people got addicted to these pills and turned to heroin and  fentanyl. Many of these people are people who not just have an  addiction but end up having overdoses, and many of them died.   This week, the largest civil trial in U.S. history will begin in my  home State of Ohio. I think it is appropriate that it is in Ohio. This  will consolidate cases from around the country. More than 2,000 cities,  counties, Native American Tribes, and others will sue some of the  biggest pharmaceutical companies and major distributors for their role  in this drug crisis. The pharmaceutical companies and the distributors  are going to be sued in court in Ohio through a consolidated case. This  is the biggest civil trial, they say, in the history of our country.   Two of the Ohio plaintiff counties--Cuyahoga and Summit--have been  among the areas in my State that were hardest hit by opioids. No wonder  they are part of this lawsuit. In 2016, the death rate from  pharmaceuticals--opioids, painkillers--in Cuyahoga County was 3.26  times the national average. In Summit County, so many people died from  overdoses that a mobile morgue had to be created in order to help  process the bodies. I was there in Summit County during that time  period. They actually had to bring in a mobile unit to be able to deal  with all the overdose deaths.   The more we find out about the sheer number of pills these drug  companies pumped into the United States--more than 76 billion overall  during that period--the more it is clear that lawsuits like this are  going to be necessary to get to the bottom of what happened and require  these entities to help those who were affected by these pain pills. A  lot of these people turned to other substances that were more  accessible and less expensive, like heroin, but had  [[Page S5090]]  started with an addiction to pain medication. We are pushing back  against the opioid pill industry that flourished for too long within  our borders. That is a positive sign.   While the CDC showed an overall decrease in overdose deaths, as I  talked about earlier, there are some troubling trends that have  continued.   First, while the number of opioid overdose deaths fell, the number of  overdose deaths fell related to synthetic opioids--specifically, cheap  and dangerous fentanyl--actually rose. Heroin and prescription drugs  went down, but actually, for the synthetic opioid--which is 50 times  more powerful than heroin and unfortunately produced overseas and  shipped into our country--those numbers actually rose. Fentanyl deaths  actually rose. In fact, last year, more deaths were attributed to  fentanyl than to heroin and prescription drugs combined.   Fentanyl is the big new danger. There is overall progress, but  fentanyl is getting worse. We had a report last week of a single kilo  of fentanyl being seized in Middletown, OH, which is enough of the drug  to kill more than half a million people. This was in our community,  Middletown, OH. That is enough of the drug to kill more than half a  million people.   We are beginning to push back on fentanyl, as some of you know,  through legislation, including the STOP Act, which got passed in this  Chamber and in the House. This is doing a better job with keeping this  poison from coming through our U.S. mail system, which is where most of  it has been coming from. Our own postal system has been the conduit for  this poison. Most of it is coming from one country--China. It is  produced in chemical labs there by unscrupulous scientists and chemists  and then sent through the mail.   The 2019 audit by the inspector general of the Postal Service found  that the Postal Service identified and pulled a package requested by  Customs and Border Protection 88 percent of the time. This was an  improvement from only 79 percent of the time the year before, in 2017,  and only 67 percent of the time in 2016, but it is still not complying  with the STOP Act. The STOP Act says 100 percent, not 88 percent.    Again, why is that important?   This stuff is getting in through the mail. If the U.S. Customs and  Border Protection can identify these packages and screen them and pull  them offline, less of that poison will come into our neighborhoods. It  also raises the price of this product, which is part of the problem  right now--that it is not just powerful and deadly but also  inexpensive.   Overall, it was said that the Postal Service missed a number of  packages--12 percent--due to operational errors. We can't afford these  operational errors. It is too important.   We need to ensure that all packages that enter the United States have  the kind of information we need to be able to track potentially harmful  packages once they get inside our border. This is advance electronic  data. It is not required everywhere, but it needs to be.   The STOP Act requires the Postal Service to do that, including with  100 percent of the packages coming in from China. It required it, by  the way, by December 31 of last year. Yet the Postal Service just  informed us on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, on which  we did this work--where we investigated this over many, many months-- that it has only received data on 52.8 percent of all of our  international packages and only 70.7 percent on those from China for  2018. In March of this year, 2019, it was up to 57 percent and 78  percent. Let's get to 100 percent from China. This legislation requires  70 percent from other countries. There is no excuse for not meeting  this. Again, it is the law of the land. So, while it is improving, the  process is taking too long, and it has failed to meet the requirements  in the STOP Act.   The next big milestone, by the way, in the implementation of the law  requires the Postal Service to begin refusing foreign shipments without  there being the required advance electronic data that reads where it is  from, what is in it, and where it is going. This is to apply to any  package to be received after December 31, 2020. At the end of next  year, if it is not providing the data, we will refuse the package.   A lot of people have expressed concern about that to me. ``My gosh.  This is going to stop international freight back and forth.'' No. It is  going to require the Postal Service to do what it should be doing  already, which is to require these shippers to do what they should be  doing, and that is to provide the data. It is not hard, and it is not  expensive. Again, most people are doing it. By the way, FedEx, DHL, and  UPS--the private carriers--have done it for years. They have done it  based on the law that passed after the 9/11 attacks. It is our post  office that has not. Sometimes it has viewed this, apparently, as its  having a competitive advantage in its not having to require that. Do  you know what? It is too important to us and to the deaths that are  occurring from fentanyl not to require that.   We have to improve the screening in the mail, and we are, and we will  continue to make progress on that. Of course, that is not all we have  to do. More fentanyl is now coming from other places, particularly from  across our southern border. This is very concerning because we have  gaps on our southern border right now. They say that between 40 and 60  percent of the Border Patrol agents are being pulled off the border to  deal with the very real humanitarian crisis on the border.   I was there a week ago last Friday, and I had an opportunity to speak  to a number of Border Patrol agents who were processing individuals and  dealing with the humanitarian needs of a surge of families and  children, including those who were claiming asylum. We need to have  these people attending to the humanitarian needs and processing these  individuals. Yet I will tell you, when I talked to the Border Patrol  agents about it, that was not where they wanted to be. They want to be  doing their jobs because they know these drugs are coming in when they  are not out there with a watchful eye on our border.   Unfortunately, we are in a situation right now where we need more  humanitarian aid, which we have finally provided, thank goodness. We  also need more help on the border itself to be able to close some of  these gaps. I want to be sure that we are, indeed, dealing with both  issues. We can and should.   The drug smugglers who are affiliated with Mexican cartels are pretty  smart. They know where there are gaps. They take advantage of them and  bring in more fentanyl. Last year, Customs and Border Protection seized  about 1,800 pounds of fentanyl at the border. In the first half of this  year alone, it seized more than 2,000 pounds of fentanyl. This year, we  are headed toward apprehending double the fentanyl at the border. I  will tell you we don't know how much is coming in. Nobody does.   Because of these gaps and because of the Border Patrol's having been  pulled off the border to deal with the very real crisis down there with  regard to the humanitarian issue and the flux of people coming in,  there are more gaps. The numbers of those shipments that have been  apprehended have been bad enough--more than double this year. It has  been enough fentanyl to kill millions of people, and it is probably  worse than that.   This fentanyl is increasingly being laced into other drugs by the  cartels. The fentanyl makes you so likely to become addicted that they  put it in other things, including crystal meth, including cocaine,  including heroin. Individuals who consume anything right now that is a  street drug might be unknowingly ingesting this incredibly toxic drug  fentanyl also and risking their lives because of the overdose deaths  that are associated with it.   In Ohio, the number of overdose deaths attributed to fentanyl-laced  cocaine and methamphetamines has increased dramatically. As an example,  Columbus Public Health actually released a public alert just this week  that urged anyone who uses drugs or knows someone who uses drugs to  have naloxone, a miracle drug--some people call it Narcan--that  reverses the effects of the overdose from opioids. They say you have to  have this miracle drug on hand because of the fentanyl poisoning that  is going on in Columbus. Already in 2019, 740 doses of Narcan have been  issued in response to overdoses in one town alone, Toledo, OH.  [[Page S5091]]    This issue of fentanyl is very real. It is affecting our communities  in new ways, and we have to be able to respond flexibly to what is  happening. It remains a dangerous threat.   Also complicating the recovery process is the continued resurgence of  psychostimulants, particularly crystal meth. Again, crystal meth is  coming from--where?--across the border, from Mexico. You will probably  remember that at one time in your communities, there was talk about  meth labs. You may have seen some coverage of that, and you may have  had some meth labs in your neighborhood. There are horrible  environmental issues, obviously, in the producing of methamphetamines,  which are so dangerous. Guess what. There are no more meth labs in your  neighborhood. That is the good news. The bad news is, there are no meth  labs because this stuff that comes in from Mexico is cheaper and more  powerful, more devastating, and more damaging to our communities. So it  is a concern.   The latest CDC data on overdose deaths--particularly with regard to  opioids--is very hopeful, but the overdose deaths by psychostimulants  and cocaine continue to increase. That is because, again, fentanyl is  being mixed into these psychostimulants. Methamphetamine deaths  increased by nearly 30 percent, and 42 percent of all overdose deaths  last year were directly attributable to cocaine, psychostimulants like  meth, or both mixed together. That is the new problem, and we have to  address it.   As we have continued to fight opioid abuse, I recently introduced a  bill, entitled ``Combating Meth and Cocaine Act,'' in order to address  this resurgence and to be sure that here in Congress we are being  flexible in responding to it and not waiting until we have another huge  drug crisis here of a new way to mix drugs or a new resurgence of  crystal meth. To date, grants provided by the 21st Century Cures Act,  which is now called the State opioid response grants, have been used to  increase access to naloxone--again, a very important drug--as well as  to long-term addiction treatment and support services. Yet, for all the  good these grants have done, they can't be used to address the crisis  beyond opioids, which ignores the underground reality, at least in my  State and in so many other States.   Earlier this year, for example, I participated in a roundtable  discussion with leaders in Knox County, and I do this around the State  on a regular basis. In Knox County, the prosecutor's office estimated  that 80 to 90 percent of all drug incidents now involve crystal meth-- methamphetamines. They told me they have been able to use the State  opioid response grants to help with the treatment and recovery services  but that they are not effective with regard to meth because there is  not an effective way to treat meth with drugs, as there is with  opioids. There is not an effective way to use the Narcan with meth, as  there is with opioids. So we need to be more flexible in providing  these communities with the help they need to combat this new  resurgence. Our legislation will allow the State opioid response grants  to be used for programs that focus on methamphetamines and on cocaine  usage. More flexibility is important.   We know these funds are making a difference, so the bill will also  reauthorize the State opioid response grants for 5 years, which will  give some certainty by providing the $500 million annually that will be  needed to ensure there will be a stable funding stream to go to these  innovative programs in the States. This is a simple, commonsense  change. It will allow State and local organizations the flexibility  they need to fight what is quickly becoming a two-front war on  addiction--opioids but also psychostimulants that are coming back with  a vengeance.   The latest data from the CDC is a promising sign that we can and will  recover from the drug crisis if we continue to work to give those in  need the help they need to get back on their feet. We also need to  ensure that we don't rest on our laurels as cartels continue to  innovate themselves and try different angles.   There is so much money in this that these deadly drugs will continue  to come unless we show the same kind of flexibility when responding. If  they can, they are going to continue to send drugs through the postal  system. They are going to continue to send them across the southern  border. Fentanyl, cocaine, and meth have shown themselves to be  continuing public health threats, and we have to keep working--all of  us here on a bipartisan basis--to ensure that State and local  governments get the resources they need to help stem the tide.   The Federal Government has been a better partner over the past few  years with our States, with our localities, and with our nonprofits  that are there in the trenches, doing the hard work. We can't give up  now. The numbers from the CDC are hopeful with regard to opioids, but  that just means we need to redouble our efforts to ensure that we do  not now back off. We cannot take our eye off the ball. We have to  continue to focus on what we are doing and then add to that more  flexible responses to the new resurgence of fentanyl being mixed with  meth and crystal meth coming in directly from Mexico. This new drug  reality is one that must be met with the same kind of innovative  response we have responded with here in the last few years.   I yield the floor.   