 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    This prudent, commonsense amendment is necessary to  ensure that once this legislation is passed, it has the positive  effects we intended. I strongly support the Raise the Wage Act, and I  believe it will positively impact communities nationwide and lift  families out of poverty.   The State of Arizona and my constituents in the First District voted  overwhelmingly to raise the minimum wage in 2016. It is currently $11  an hour. During this implementation of this minimum wage increase,  Arizona has seen a 4.3 percent growth in State GDP--the third fastest  growing economy in the Nation. We have seen in Arizona that increasing  the wage pays off for our economy and our families.   My amendment will only strengthen the underlying bill. It requires  independent, objective analysis of the economic and employment impacts  of this legislation. It would require the Government Accountability  Office to submit a report to Congress on the effects of the first two  wage increases in the legislation.   Specifically, the GAO must report on the effects on small businesses  and on wages and compensation. The report also includes an analysis of  the law's effects on urbanized and rural areas.   Importantly, this amendment would require the GAO to consult various  stakeholders and experts when developing its report. These would  include small business owners, labor economists, agricultural workers,  the food service industry, and State and local governments.   It would allow constituents to provide their input on how their  families, businesses, and communities have been affected.   This thoughtful, data-driven approach will allow us to see the real  impacts of this legislation.   I believe as lawmakers we do the best job of responding to the needs  of our constituents when we are best informed.   I want to thank the cosponsors of the amendment and the Education and  Labor Committee for working with us and the Rules Committee for making  this amendment in order.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Cox).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I want to point out that the discussion  in committee and Chairman Scott's comments were not about this bill.  They were about another bill.   To identify that the Members of this Congress do not need data on  which to make further decisions, I hope we don't get to that point in  time in Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Scott), committee chairman, for all the hard work he has done. And I  want to look forward to a time in America that we can see a time when  the working families of America can partake in the economy as others do  today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   