 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in a few moments, the Senate will vote  on the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence  Act. The shorthand name for that is the TRACED Act. I rise in strong  and optimistic support of this legislation at this time. I thank the  leadership on both sides of the aisle for working to bring this bill to  a vote.   Last month, the people of my State of Mississippi received over 50  million robocalls. That is just in the State of Mississippi, with about  3 million citizens. That is more than 17 robocalls for every man,  woman, or child in my State--50 million. Imagine what it is around the  country. It is billions and billions.   Some robocalls are legitimate. When we get a reminder from a doctor's  office that our appointment is coming soon or when a school activity is  canceled, those are welcome. But many are not. Most are not.   Billions and billions of robocalls are scams targeting the most  vulnerable members of our society. These abusive robocalls have plagued  Americans for years. Studies show that in my part of the country, the  Southeastern United States, they are particularly abusive and  pervasive, costing consumers billions of dollars each year and costing  our economy billions of dollars each year.   Many of these illegal robocalls use what is referred to as neighbor  spoofing, where robocallers somehow manage to use a local number and a  local area code in the hope that recipients will be more likely to pick  up the phone. The result is many Americans don't answer those phone  calls. They just let it ring and see if there is a message. But  Americans also miss important calls because of scammers and because  this has been hijacked by the extraordinary networks used by these  scammers and illegal violators of the law.   The TRACED Act will help. It goes after abusive and illegal  robocallers by giving consumers, regulators, and law enforcement tools  to fight the people taking advantage of the system. The bill will help  the Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC, to crack down on  violators, require phone companies to authenticate calls, and require  the FCC to consider when and how to make call-blocking services  available to customers.   Perhaps the most important part of the TRACED Act is that law  enforcement will now join the battle. Under the authority of the U.S.  Attorney General, the bill will get law enforcement fully engaged in  the fight to prevent and prosecute robocall violations. The American  people are ready for this and are demanding this. We can give it to  them in just a few moments when we vote on final passage.   The bill will task the Attorney General with providing Congress with  the next steps we need to take to stay ahead of the pestilence of  illegal robocalls.   I thank the bipartisan leadership in the Commerce Committee for  moving this bill forward and the authors, Senator Thune and Senator  Markey, for their leadership on this important issue. I thank my  ranking member, the Senator from Washington, Ms. Cantwell, for her help  in getting this important piece of legislation approved by a voice vote  out of the Commerce Committee. Also, there is a special thank-you to  Senator Schatz and Senator Moran for their amendment to the TRACED Act,  which improves the FCC's reporting on robocalls and generally makes the  bill better.   I predict an overwhelming majority vote for this piece of legislation  when it comes up for a vote in just a few moments. My appreciation goes  to all of those who have participated. My optimism is that this will  soon move to passage in the House of Representatives also.   Thank you.   I see my distinguished colleague from Massachusetts, the sponsor of  this legislation.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   