 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I have an  amendment at the desk.    BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Pallone, my colleague and neighbor from  New Jersey. I also thank Chairman Engel for his leadership on the  Foreign Affairs Committee.   My amendment to H.R. 9 takes language from the Paris Agreement and  [[Page H3394]]  recognizes that adaptation of the agreement is a key component of the  global response to climate change.   Climate change is one of the defining issues of our time, and we are  in a defining moment. From shifting weather patterns that threaten food  production to rising sea levels that increase the risk of catastrophic  flooding, the impacts of climate change are global in scope and  unprecedented in scale.   Without dramatic action today, adapting to these impacts in the  future will be far more difficult and costlier.   The Paris Agreement for the first time brought all nations into a  common cause to undertake ambitious efforts to combat climate change  and to adapt to its effects. The agreement chartered a new course in  the global climate effort.   This amendment stands for the American leadership that was displayed  throughout the development and the adoption of the Paris Agreement.   In order to bring every nation to the table, it is essential that we  retain our commitment to this agreement. That is why I urge support for  this amendment as well as for the underlying bill.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I yield myself the  remainder of my time.   Madam Chair, this amendment basically attempts to state the  following: Not only is climate change real and not only are there  profound environmental reasons for addressing it, the Paris climate  agreement was also a tremendous achievement of U.S. foreign policy.  That is why we must keep it. The United States must remain in it.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   