 Madam Speaker, first of all, let me say how thankful  I am for the leadership of Chairman Bishop and, frankly, for the  partnership that we have developed over this  [[Page H10592]]  past year. It has been truly remarkable. I also thank Chairwoman Lowey  and Ranking Member Granger for their intensive effort around this  important piece of legislation, and that of the staff. This is good for  America.   Agriculture, Madam Speaker, is, in its essence, really essential to  the well-being of our country. The Agriculture portion of this entire  package includes support for the hard work of our farmers, ranchers,  and producers who give us something that we really all do take for  granted, some of the lowest grocery prices in the world, as well as  protection for the most vulnerable who are in the midst of food  insecurity and disaster relief for humanitarian causes.   Madam Speaker, in the midst of a House divided, I would like to say  this: Food is food. A meal brings us together. Agriculture production  is the basis for economic and social well-being, and I am very proud of  this effort. We found a reasonable path forward to consensus in meeting  the needs of fellow Members. This cooperation allowed us to fight hard  to defend, in a bipartisan fashion, House Member priorities.   For example, this bill includes funding streams for the building and  rebuilding of critical infrastructure needed in our rural communities,  from housing to utilities to economic development. Specifically, the  bill includes $555 million for the ReConnect broadband program we  started just 2 years ago. The Senate bill didn't include any money for  this basic utility, but we have.    The bill includes an additional $87 million for other rural broadband  initiatives that will help bridge the gap and create an ecosystem of  livability for telework, telehealth, precision agriculture, and a host  of beneficial digital outcomes for rural America.   Beyond food, this bill also includes a certain level of  responsibility for our Nation's healthcare policy. We support  initiatives at the Food and Drug Administration to enhance blood  safety, stop opioid abuse, reduce generic drug prices, and further food  safety. Continued investments in generic drug competition will help  bring down prices for the healthcare needs of all of our constituents.   The bill before us maintains a number of very important provisions,  such as a Buy America requirement for water and waste infrastructure  and flexibilities for child nutrition programs. Interestingly, as well,  and of note, the sale of tobacco and vaping products now moves to 21  years of age.   No bill includes everything you fight for, but this bill includes a  number of benefits for Americans in our diverse communities back home.   It supports a number of smaller yet highly impactful programs,  enhancing nutrition programs for Native Americans, supporting the Farm  and Ranch Stress Assistance Network, and the Rural Microentrepreneur  Assistance Program.   Madam Speaker, let me highlight the importance of one particular  program, the farm to school program. We are on the verge of a new  movement in this country, connecting the farm to the family, the city  to the country. People want to know where their food comes from, Madam  Speaker. Programs like this will inspire our youth, build new markets,  and uphold the value of agriculture to all America.   Madam Speaker, this is a good bill for all of us, and I urge its  support.   