 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, when a congressional committee issues a subpoena,  compliance is not optional. We expect witnesses to testify when  summoned. We expect the administration to comply with subpoenas and to  provide us with the materials we require to do our jobs.   Of course, there may be differences between the Congress and the  executive branch as to what information can be produced on a timely  basis. When those differences arise, we are required to seek a  reasonable accommodation.   We first requested access to the full Mueller report and the  underlying evidence on February 22. After refusing for almost 4 months,  the Department of Justice, in the last few days, has finally agreed to  permit us to view the special counsel's most important files.   We are hopeful this will provide us with key evidence regarding  allegations of obstruction of justice and other misconduct.   Given this potential breakthrough, we will hold the criminal contempt  process for Attorney General Barr in abeyance for now.   But President Trump has blocked other key witnesses from testifying  before the Judiciary Committee, including his former White House  counsel Don McGahn, whose account of the President's actions was  featured in the Mueller report.   The President has claimed absolute immunity for critical witnesses to  prevent them from even showing up. He has invoked executive privilege  to prevent us from seeing documents that stopped being privileged long  ago, if they were ever privileged to begin with.   He has done the same in response to Congress' important work  unrelated to the Mueller report, and he has ordered the agencies not to  cooperate with even our most basic oversight requests.   This unprecedented stonewalling by the administration is completely  unacceptable. The committees have a constitutional responsibility to  conduct oversight, to make recommendations to the House as necessary,  and to craft  [[Page H4418]]  legislation that will curb the abuse of power on full display in the  Trump administration.   This is why it is important that the Judiciary Committee be able to  act in such matters using all of our Article I powers, as contemplated  in this resolution and described in both the Rules Committee report and  the House Judiciary Committee's contempt report.   Now, I heard what the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Woodall) said a few  minutes ago, and he is exactly right. This resolution gives committee  chairs the power, with the approval of the Bipartisan Legal Advisory  Group, to go to court on behalf of the House to enforce our subpoenas.   This has not been done before, but neither have we ever seen blanket  stonewalling by the administration of all information requests by the  House. We have never faced such blanket stonewalling.   The President himself said--and they have been as good as their  word--they will oppose all of our subpoenas.   We must go to court to enforce the subpoenas without a separate floor  vote each time if we are going to enforce our subpoenas and reject the  arrogant assumption of power by the administration and denigration of  the power of the House and of the Congress.   We cannot afford to waste all the floor time every single time the  administration rejects one of our subpoenas, which is every time we  issue a subpoena.   That is why we must pass this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution so that  we can get into court and break the stonewall without delay.   