 Madam President, while many folks in Washington, DC,  remain ambivalent about what is happening along the southern border, I  am here to report that we are reaching a breaking point.   Every month, Customs and Border Protection releases the total number  of people who attempt to cross the southern border. The total includes  those who cross illegally between the ports of entry, as well as those  deemed inadmissible at a port of entry. Just to give you an idea of the  size and scope of the numbers we have been dealing with in the past,  since June 2014--the month that President Obama referred to this as a  ``humanitarian crisis''--more than 66,000 individuals were encountered  along the border. At that time, we thought 66,000 was a huge number,  but it pales in comparison to what we are seeing now. Last month, more  than 103,000 people attempted to illegally cross the border. That is  103,000 up from 76,000 the previous month.    A few weeks ago, I know we got into a debate about what did and did  not constitute an emergency or a crisis at the border. I don't care  whether you call it a crisis or an emergency, but the entire system is  breaking, and it is unsustainable. This is the highest number of people  who has attempted to enter the country that we have seen since 2007.   The mind-boggling figure represents the strain that is being felt by  the personnel--those being U.S. Government employees--whether they be  Border Patrol or Customs or whoever is trying to manage the influx of  the migrants. The men and women of the CBP lack both the manpower and  the facilities to appropriately respond. The already understaffed  Agency is reassigning personnel to try to make do, but 40 percent of  the Border Patrol's manpower is spent processing migrants and providing  care and transportation, and many of the agents are taken off their  patrol lines to do this work, which leaves areas of the border  vulnerable to exploitation by drug cartels and others.   The detention centers at which these migrants are housed and  processed are relatively small facilities that are not designed for  these kinds of huge numbers. They were originally built to house single  adults for a short period of time, but the skyrocketing number of  unaccompanied children and family units is now putting a serious strain  on those resources. Last month alone, there were more than 53,000  families and nearly 9,000 unaccompanied children who were apprehended  at the border--53,000 families and 9,000 unaccompanied children.  Customs and Border Protection simply lacks the facilities to hold these  children, and it lacks the personnel to provide appropriate care.   Do we really want the Border Patrol handing out juice boxes and  diapers as opposed to interdicting dangerous drugs and other contraband  that come into the United States? I don't think so. We know they are  desperately asking for additional detention space and staff to be able  to manage the migrants who are in custody.   Why is it so important they be detained? It is because, if we engage  in the practice that has come to be known as catch and release, then it  is doubtful we will ever see these migrants again, even though they  will be notified of their time to appear in front of immigration judges  months--maybe even years--into the future. They will simply melt into  the landscape. If they were to have bona fide reasons to claim asylum  but were to fail to appear for their hearings in front of immigration  judges, they will have waived those rights and be deported if they are  ultimately located in the United States.   We know customs inspectors have been reassigned from their duties at  ports of entry to do things like process migrants and provide  transportation. With fewer customs agents on the job, you are now  seeing lengthy delays at the ports and checkpoints along the entire  border. In what is just right across from El Paso, TX, truckers have  been reported as sleeping in their vehicles for hours and sometimes  days so they will not lose their spots in line.   I have heard from some of the car manufacturers that require there be  a flow of their supply chains into Mexico and vice versa, so they are  literally hiring aircraft to fly from Juarez to El Paso because that  11-minute flight is faster than a trucker waiting 24 hours in line.  Also, when many of our car manufacturers that depend on just-in-time  inventory can't get their inventory just in time but have to wait 24  hours, it disrupts their manufacturing lines and endangers their  businesses. Of course, it is easy to see how this could have a ripple  effect on the entire border and the American economy.   This slowdown isn't just affecting businesses along the border; it  has businesses across the country worried. Mexican products feed the  supply chain for many manufacturers in the United States, and these  slowdowns affect production. While folks who live far away from the  border may have just chosen to look the other way until now, they don't  have a choice anymore. The system is breaking.   The ripples will soon be felt across the country unless Members of  Congress, on both sides of the aisle, work together and are serious  about enacting a solution. We know what we need to do, but politics is  preventing us from getting it done. It is time to provide our frontline  officers and agents with the personnel, the resources, and the legal  authorities they need in order to do the jobs we have asked them to do.  Yet, without support from Congress, we are sending them into a losing  battle, and we are setting our economy up for a disaster.   