 Mr. President, it is time to vote on the nomination of  Andrew Wheeler to be the Administrator of the Environmental Protection  Agency.   For the past year, Andrew Wheeler has served as the Senate-confirmed  Deputy Administrator of the EPA, and for the past 7 months, he has  served as the Acting Administrator. He has done an admirable job in  charge of the EPA.   Under his leadership, the EPA has put forward commonsense proposals  to roll back punishing regulations and still protect America's air and  water. He is committed to protecting both human health and the  environment.   Andrew Wheeler's qualifications are without question. He has spent  decades working in environmental policy at the EPA itself, here on  Capitol Hill, and as a consultant to environmental and energy clients.   President Trump picked the right person to lead the Environmental  Protection Agency when he nominated Andrew Wheeler. It is time for the  Senate to confirm him to this important post.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the Senate is today considering the  nomination of Andrew Wheeler to serve as the Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency. It is the job of the EPA to protect  both the environment and human health. This critically important Agency  needs Senate-confirmed leadership in place.   President Trump picked the right person to lead this Agency when he  nominated Andrew Wheeler. Since April of last year, he has served as  the Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and  since July of last year, he has served as the Acting Administrator of  the Agency. I believe Andrew Wheeler has done an outstanding job in  leading the EPA over the past 7 months.   During the last administration, the EPA issued punishing regulations  that would hurt the economy and raise costs on families. Under Acting  Administrator Wheeler's leadership, the EPA has taken a different  approach. The Agency is now putting forward proposals that both protect  our environment and allow the country's economy to flourish.   Acting Administrator Wheeler has led efforts to issue commonsense  regulatory proposals. These include the affordable clean energy rule  and revising the definition of the waters of the United States. Both of  these proposals show Mr. Wheeler is serious about clean air and clean  water while they also show he understands there is an important role  for States and local communities to play. It can't be a top-down,  Washington-knows-best approach.   Acting Administrator Wheeler has played a critical role in  implementing updates to the Toxic Substances Control Act and has taken  steps to limit people's exposure to dangerous and toxic chemicals.  These updates are the result of major bipartisan legislation that came  out of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee in 2016.   Andrew Wheeler is working to limit lead exposure as well. Last  December, he helped to unveil the Trump administration's multiagency  effort to reduce the number of children exposed to lead in drinking  water, in consumer products, and in paint. During his tenure, the EPA  has also worked to provide greater regulatory certainty to States, to  Tribes, to communities, and to the industries it regulates.   Mr. Wheeler is well qualified for the position of EPA Administrator.  He has spent decades--actually, over 25 years--working in environmental  policy. He has served as a career employee at the EPA as an  environmental protection specialist. This experience makes him uniquely  qualified to serve as the head of the Agency.   After that time, he spent over a decade here on Capitol Hill. When he  left the EPA, he came here to work on the Environment and Public Works  Committee. He served as the staff director of the Senate Environment  and Public Works' Clean Air and Nuclear Safety Subcommittee for 6  years. Then he spent another 6 years working as the Republican staff  director and chief counsel for the full committee under Chairman Jim  Inhofe. After his time on the Hill, he also worked as a consultant for  a variety of energy and environmental clients. He is very well  qualified, and that is a big reason his nomination has received broad  support.   There are 63 agricultural and forestry groups that wrote a letter in  support of Mr. Wheeler's nomination to be the Administrator: ``It is  hard to imagine a more qualified individual for the role of EPA  administrator, and we respectfully request that the committee move to  confirm his nomination so that he may be considered by the full  Senate,'' they say, ``at the earliest date possible.''   Mr. Wheeler has received praise from the United Mine Workers of  America.   Cecil Roberts, the union's international president, said the  following about Mr. Wheeler: ``[H]e will be a reasonable voice within  the agency, and will recognize the impact on both the workers and  mining communities that are directly affected as EPA develops future  emissions regulations.''   His experience and commitment to sound environmental policies has  received recognition from the Democrats as well.   Senator Carper, who is with me on the floor and was the ranking  member of our committee at one point, said of Mr. Wheeler when he was  nominated for the Deputy Administrator's role: ``I think having worked  in the agency, he actually cares about the environment; the air we  breathe; the water we drink; the planet on which we live.'' I agree.   It is time to end the needless delays by the Senate Democrats. Andrew  Wheeler's nomination to serve as the Deputy Administrator was delayed  for months and had to be reported out of the EPW Committee twice before  he was confirmed. Now the Senate Democrats are calling to delay the  process again. These delays only slow down the Agency from meeting its  objectives of helping communities and protecting the environment.   The EPA needs a Senate-confirmed Administrator in office. The EPA  Administrator plays a central role in developing and implementing  programs that are focused on meeting the EPA's mission of protecting  human health and the environment. Andrew Wheeler is well qualified to  lead this Agency and to serve in the President's Cabinet. He is the  right person to be the Administrator of the Environmental Protection  Agency, and I strongly encourage every Senator to support the  nomination.   