 Mr. President, 6 years have passed since 20 beautiful  children and 6 wonderful educators were killed in a massacre that  gripped the Nation's attention in Newtown, CT. That tragedy, for any of  us who lived through it, remains as real and vivid and grief-stricken  today as it was then. We have lived with the memories and with the  families and with countless others who found their lives changed-- literally, transformed--in ways they never imagined.   In the day or so after that shooting--it may have been the following  day--I was at one of the numerous calling hours I attended, and I spoke  with one of the moms of those children. I said to her: When you are  ready, we should talk about what can be done about gun violence in  America.   She looked at me, through her tears, and she said: I am ready now.   Many of the families of Sandy Hook were ready then. Our Nation was  ready then. Yet the U.S. Congress proved disastrously and tragically  unready--in fact, failing in its responsibility to react not only with  prayers and thoughts, as it did, but also with action to honor those  wonderful children and educators with action, to honor them before  others would die in the same way, the result of massacres that are  preventable.   The Senate came close to acting. More than 50 votes were there for a  background check bill, which had bipartisan support, but not the 60  votes that were necessary. From this Gallery vividly came the shout:  Shame on you.   It was well justified.   Shame on the U.S. Senate for failing to act 6 years ago. Shame on the  Congress for being complicit in the continuing massacres that have been  added since Sandy Hook: Oak Creek, Blacksburg, Charleston, Chattanooga,  Lafayette, Parkland, San Bernardino, Las Vegas, Sutherland Springs.  That is just a partial list, not to mention the 90 deaths every day,  often occurring singularly or in twos or threes or by suicide or by  accident, as claimed the life of Ethan Song in Guilford, CT, when he  was playing with a friend and a gun killed him--a loss that Kristin and  Michael Song have made positive by their advocacy of commonsense  measures to require safe storage of weapons.   The voices and faces of Sandy Hook have continued to inspire and move  us. As of Parkland and all of the other tragedies that have occurred,  they have rallied and written, emailed and called, organized and  mobilized, and they have created a movement. It is a movement that is  turning around this country, and it already has the effect of breaking  the vice-like grip of the NRA on Congress. It is moving us forward. It  has spawned groups at the grassroots, like Newtown Action Alliance and  Everytown for Gun Safety, Moms Demand Action, CT Against Gun Violence,  Brady, and many others, including Sandy Hook Promise, whose dinner we  will attend tonight, their annual gathering.   We have come to the floor of the Senate now to demand action that  honors those victims and prevents more victims, more survivors, more  grieving families. I am here with my colleague Senator Chris Murphy,  who has been an unstinting advocate, a champion, a partner in this  effort. We are here to demand that this body act on a measure that was  passed more than 100 days ago by the House, which would require a  universal background check.   The fact that the House passed that measure is itself evidence of a  change that is moving this country. The change in leadership in the  House is the result of the election of new Members in the House of  Representatives as a result of the gun violence prevention movement  that politically is acquiring an undeniable and indisputable force. Gun  violence prevention was on the ballot in the last election, and gun  violence prevention won. It won in the new Members of Congress who have  championed that universal background check measure and closing the  Charleston loophole, and they have successfully passed it there. They  are making a critical difference, and they are coming here. Their  election is the result of that grassroots political movement that is  changing the narrative, and for the first time, it puts us nearer--in  fact, nearer than ever before, that I can remember--to commonsense  measures that will stop gun violence.   I have been involved in this effort since my earliest days as  attorney general in the early 1990s, when Connecticut passed a ban on  assault weapons. I not only advocated for it but then defended it in  court against many of the arguments that continue to be made today,  even though they have been rejected by the courts and the American  people.   States have moved forward, as Connecticut has done, to adopt these  commonsense measures: universal background checks; a ban on assault  weapons and high-capacity magazines; most recently, a safe storage  bill, Ethan's Law in Connecticut; a ban on bump stocks and 3D weapons;  and, of course, measures that keep guns out of the hands of dangerous  people. But the laws of a State like Connecticut--those strong laws-- are no stronger or more effective than the laws of the weakest States  because guns come across our borders. We are at the mercy of States  with little or no protection for their people. The solution is a  national one. It must apply across the country to make our Nation safer  and to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people.   As near as we are and as much as has been accomplished, the work to  be done is right here in this body, on this floor, and it must be done  now. That is why we are here. That is why I have advocated for other  measures. I have introduced Ethan's Law to provide for safe storage. It  has been supported here. A number of you have met with Kristin and  Michael Song, and they will be visiting again. I have introduced an  emergency risk protection order bill that would enable courts and law  enforcement to take guns out of the hands of dangerous people as a  result of a warrant and due process; an incentive program at the  national level that makes States more aware and more inclined to adopt  them, which should be bipartisan; a law that repeals PLCAA, the  protection of lawful commerce in arms. This was adopted with the  promise that no one would be deprived of a right of action, no one  would be barred from the courthouse, but in fact PLCAA has prevented  victims from seeking justice. It has stopped their day in court, and it  should be repealed.    Those measures should be moved forward, and I am hopeful they will  with bipartisan support. There is no question today about the need for  a universal background check bill that Senator Murphy and I and others  who will speak today have advocated and now offers an opportunity for  bicameral approval.   This movement has indisputable force. It has a dynamism and drive  that will only increase regardless of what happens today. We are not  giving up; we are not going away; and history will judge harshly a  majority leader and a majority that fails to give us a vote. It will  judge harshly opponents of these commonsense measures, and the voters  will judge harshly because gun violence prevention will be on the  ballot again. We will make sure of it. The American people will have an  opportunity to vote again for candidates who support commonsense,  sensible measures to make America safer, to keep guns out of the hands  of truly dangerous people. The grip of the NRA is breaking. The gun  lobby is crumbling from within and losing its traction in the field.   We are on the right side of history, and I hope my colleagues will  see it that way, too, and will give us a vote. Let us vote on universal  background checks, the bill that has come to us from the House of  Representatives. Let's do it today.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   