 Madam President, in the Senate, in the Congress, and in  politics, people are a little too loose with their praise. Everybody is  getting applause, everybody is getting thanked, everybody is the  greatest, and it gets a little tiresome. So I try to be a little more  sparing. I mean you still have to be nice to people, but I try to be a  little more sparing because this gets absurd. Sometimes we have caucus  lunches, and there are probably 10 or 15 moments when we are all  applauding each other. It gets crazy.   But I want to take this moment on the Senate floor to applaud someone  who really deserves it and who has really displayed extraordinary  leadership. Whatever one may think about the U.S. Senate and how it  functions, these are 100 pretty impressive people. They have  accomplished something probably prior in their life and just to get to  the Senate is a real thing. But Sheldon Whitehouse is the single most  fearless individual in politics that I ever have met. He is the single  most tireless individual in politics that I have ever met, and it is  not just with speechmaking.   Today is a marker because he has made 250. Is it 250 or did the  Senator already do it?    He has done 249, and he is about to do 250, and I will  let him get to it. But it will be 250 individual speeches on the Senate  floor. Sometimes there are people in the Chamber, and sometimes it is  empty and you are talking to these incredible young men and women who  serve as pages and the Presiding Officer, who has no choice but to sit  there politely. But Sheldon Whitehouse will give his 250th speech on  climate, and it is not most of what he has done. It is a small part of  what he has done to lead on climate with absolute moral, scientific,  political, and pragmatic clarity.   I will just say a couple more things about my partnership with  Sheldon. You know, I was a very happy Lieutenant Governor of the State  of Hawaii, and I was leading the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative, which  is our effort to get to 100 percent clean energy by the year 2040. The  very unfortunate death of Daniel K. Inouye made a vacancy in the Senate  seat, and I decided to pursue this Senate seat because I wanted to do  something about climate. I didn't know most of the Members except for  the famous ones.   When I came to the Senate, everybody told me to talk to Sheldon  Whitehouse, and we became fast friends. He comes from the Ocean State,  even though that sounds weird to me. I come from the Aloha State, and  he comes from the Ocean State, and we have been working together ever  since.   But I want to report to whomever is watching that I never felt such  momentum on this issue. It is because of the young people who have sort  of stormed the castle over the last year or so and demanded change and  demanded action and demanded the kinds of change and action that are  equal to the scale of this problem.    People will quibble with the political tactics and the messaging and  all of that, but when change happens in the United States of America,  it is led by young people, and that is what happened. They stormed the  castle. Even those of us who have been working on climate for a long  time felt a jolt of energy in a positive way. That is No. 1.   No. 2 is a little unfortunate, but it is changing the politics, and  that is events--weather events, climate events. We are no longer  talking about climate change as a near-term future issue or a long-term  future issue; climate change is now. It is happening across the  country. It is not just happening to conservation areas or places where  you might enjoy the outdoors; it is happening to communities from coast  to coast and everywhere in between. There are record heat waves, record  floods, record snowstorms, coral bleaching events. It is very difficult  to describe something as a 100-year flood or a 500-year flood--which  means it is supposed to happen, statistically speaking, about every 100  or 500 years--if that flood is happening every year.   It is very difficult to ignore the reality of climate change when the  last 8 hottest years on record were over the last 9 years. The weather  is absolutely getting weirder and more unpleasant, and our storms are  getting more frequent and more severe.   Public opinion is moving. Now you have a majority of Republicans, a  decisive majority of young Republicans, a huge, vast majority of  Independents, and pretty much every single Democrat wanting climate  action. The other part of that, which is encouraging, is that Senator  Whitehouse has a strategy. He understands it is not enough just to  marshal public opinion.   Look at what is happening with gun safety. We are not there yet, even  though public opinion is absolutely on our side. Sometimes you have to  look at what is structurally happening in politics, especially in the  U.S. Congress.   Senator Whitehouse understands that we have to deal with the  structural aspects of the way campaigns are funded, the way information  and misinformation is propagated, and we need to engage on that  battlefield, as well.   I will close with this. A, I have never been so hopeful about the  prospect for climate action in 2021, and, B, I have never been so  thankful to have a partner who can lead this effort as Senator Sheldon  Whitehouse can.   I yield the floor.   