 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  resolution.   Special Counsel Mueller's investigation has resulted in 199 criminal  charges against 39 people and entities. Seven people have pleaded  guilty, and five people have been sentenced to prison.   This investigation has been conducted on behalf of the American  people, and they are entitled to know the results of this  investigation.   This investigation was begun to safeguard our democracy, and the  American people deserve to know the results of this investigation; and  yet President Trump has repeatedly sought to attack and discredit the  investigation, labeling it a witch hunt and even contemplating firing  the special counsel.   The President's pick for Attorney General, Bill Barr, has also made  it clear during his confirmation hearing that he will only follow DOJ's  policies that are convenient for the President. Therefore, it is up to  Congress to make sure that documents related to the special counsel's  investigation are preserved and published.   That is why I introduced the Special Counsel Transparency Act, with  Congressman Doggett, to require the publication of the special  counsel's report.   No one person should decide what the public gets to see. The American  people have a right to come to their own conclusions and to know that  justice was served.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the American people. Allow  them to see the results of the investigation conducted on their behalf.  Bring transparency to this process. Support this resolution and signal  a willingness to respect the right of the American people to see the  consequences and the results of this important investigation which,  again, was begun to safeguard our democracy.   This shouldn't be a Republican or Democratic issue. Mr. Speaker, I  hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join us in our  effort to preserve our democracy.   I thank, again, the gentleman for yielding.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, this legislation that I introduced is an  H.R. But if the point of the gentleman's question is is that a more  effective way to do it, I would welcome support on my resolution. I  haven't been as successful getting my Republican colleagues to join us.   We are hoping that this resolution is a way for him to find his way  toward transparency, democracy, and spirit of bipartisanship and  letting the American people know the results of the investigation.   