 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 998,  the Senate companion to this bipartisan legislation, that I introduced  with Congresswoman Dean, that will address the mental health needs of  our Nation's police officers.   Law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day to  protect our communities.   Last year, when the Tree of Life synagogue was under attack, the  Pittsburgh police and police from around the region ran into open  gunfire to stop a deranged, hateful madman intent on killing as many  worshippers as possible. Were it not for the heroic efforts of the  police that day, the tragic loss of life could have been much worse.   Across the country, we sleep safely in our beds each night because of  our law enforcement officers. But the critical work that these men and  women undertake does not come without a cost.   According to the National Study of Police Suicides, law enforcement  officers are two-and-a-half times more likely to die from suicides than  from homicides. Studies show that police officers have above average  stress levels that lead to post-traumatic stress, heart disease, and  high blood pressure. Despite all we do for our communities, the Federal  Government provides few resources to address the consequences of their  taxing work.   The STOIC Act is a bipartisan piece of legislation that will reform  and expand an existing grant program to better address the mental  health and support needs of our law enforcement, most importantly as it  relates to suicide prevention.    I am very grateful to Senator Hawley and Senator Whitehouse for their  work to get this bill through the Senate.   I also, again, thank Ranking Member Collins and Chairman Nadler for  prioritizing this important piece of legislation.   And, most importantly, I thank my friend and fellow Pennsylvanian,  Congresswoman Dean, for her tireless work to improve mental health  treatment for police across the country. Throughout this entire  process, Congresswoman Dean has shown tremendous appreciation for law  enforcement officers and great concern for the well-being of them and  their families. It has truly been a pleasure to work on this bill with  Congresswoman Dean.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the STOIC Act today. It  is time for us to take care of those who take care of us.   