 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  North Carolina for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, years ago, they created something called the internet.  If you are not familiar with it, I would urge you to go to your local  library, go to the card catalog system to get the right Dewey decimal  number, go find a book, and read up on it, because apparently many in  our Federal Government haven't realized that this has been created.   As was noted a little while ago, in 1974, there was an act called the  Privacy Act that was passed--1974. Since that time, we have had  companies like Apple and Amazon and Microsoft and many others that have  proliferated and are now worth billions and billions of dollars, some  of the largest companies in the world.   Mr. Speaker, this is similar to us having to mail in a form to get an  ambulance to come to our house.   As was noted by some of the previous speakers, in many cases, people  contact us because of emergency situations. We have had family members  contact us when their loved ones were stuck overseas in emergency  situations. We have had people contact us because there was water  filling up their home and they needed emergency services at the time.  Under the Privacy Act of 1974 that was written 45 years ago, we were  unable to help them, as Mr. Meadows noted, unless they sent us a signed  privacy release form.   I remember distinctly, in August of 2016, when we had a record flood  in my home State of Louisiana, talking to constituents who were on  their cellphones saying that their homes had 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 feet of  water and asking for help with FEMA, the Small Business Administration,  and other government services, and myself or other folks on our team  having to tell them: You bet, we want to help you. All you need to do  is go to your computer, go to this website, click the link, print it  out.   You can imagine the response from people: I would love to be able to  go to my computer right now. I would love to be able to find it, if it  wasn't under 4 feet of water right now.   Incredibly frustrating.   Mr. Speaker, the government today has a customer service approval  rating of 70 percent--70 percent is the customer service approval  rating. While that was sufficient to get me through high school, that  is not okay for the Federal Government. It is entirely inappropriate.   This bill simply updates the Federal Government to put it online with  how we file our taxes, how we handle our banking, insurance, and  virtually everything else we do, ensuring that when people contact us,  we can use those same technologies to protect privacy, that we can  ensure the right people are asking for the right approvals, and we can  quickly, within minutes, begin providing them services through their  own Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy) for  persevering and continuing to work with us on this. I want to thank my  friends, Mr. Meadows from North Carolina and Ms. Hill from California.  Thank you all very much for doing this.   This is bipartisan. This is common sense. It should have been done  decades ago.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Jennifer Bollinger, Eric Fins, all the  OGR staff and others who helped get this bill done, and I am looking  forward to passage.   I urge full support.   