 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2578, a bill to enact a short- term extension of the National Flood Insurance Program. This program  has over 5 million policyholders who have come to rely upon it, but it  is also a flawed program that is in need of a customer-based set of  reforms.   Flooding is the most common, destructive, and expensive of the  natural disasters we face. I am confident in saying what worked in the  Lyndon Johnson administration on disasters doesn't really work this  year, in 2019.   The Financial Services Committee has held numerous hearings on this  matter over the last decade, hearing from dozens and dozens of  witnesses from all points of view, including consumers, local  communities, and the insurance industry. The data we have accumulated  from those hearings, or lack thereof, suggests that there is great need  for programmatic reforms, reforms that include better data, increased  transparency, better technology, and more innovation. These can be  bipartisan reforms.   Moreover, the NFIP owes more than $20 billion in debt to the American  taxpayer. This is a major issue, despite the fact that last Congress  $16 billion of that debt was canceled. So it is a program in need of  systemic reforms.   So what kind of National Flood Insurance Program do we want to have  for Americans going forward? An insurance program that is equipped with  the tools it needs to perform its insurance functions, pay claims,  incentivize mitigation, and ultimately reduce our Nation's flood risk,  or should the NFIP continue the current system of distributing benefits  as needed, ultimately requiring annual appropriations as flood risk  grows?   I hope that Members of this House will choose to support important  reforms to modernize an outdated program. There are reasonable steps  that we can take to reform and innovate in a bipartisan fashion.  Strengthening the NFIP and giving policyholders 21st century options to  match their 21st century expectations, I think, should be our outcome.   Private insurance, better technology, more mapping data, faster  claims processing, and rethinking old underwriting models are just a  few of the tools readily available for modernizing the NFIP.   At the same time, we must also consider how we can use risk sharing  to offload some of the NFIP burdens and the cost savings that come from  spreading risk to others who are qualified, capable, and willing to  manage it off the backs of the taxpayers and more broadly distributed  to those who are willing to take that risk.   Building a more resilient and cost-effective NFIP are goals that will  benefit all consumers and the American people, but these are long-term  goals to which we can only aspire by passing this short-term extension  today.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for Chairwoman Waters' engaging and  reaching out to committee Republicans to work together on this measure  to give us space and time so that we can have the bipartisan reforms  that I think we can come to terms on later this year. But I also want  to thank Chairwoman Waters for agreeing to sit down with me as the  ranking Republican on the committee and committee Republicans, roll up  our sleeves, and get to work over the next few weeks and really  collaborate on a full reauthorization bill that addresses her concerns,  my concerns, committee Democrat and Republican concerns, and the needs  of the public. I think we can come to that conclusion.   I think we can bring a bipartisan bill to the floor, and I appreciate  that Chairwoman Waters has had that appropriate outreach to committee  Republicans. That is a hopeful sign for our opportunity to legislate  this Congress.   The American people deserve an effective and efficient Flood  Insurance Program that they can rely on. By working together in a  bipartisan way, this Congress can ensure that that continues to happen,  and I am sure we can meet that expectation.   Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleagues to support this short- term extension with the hope and the goal of our bringing a bipartisan  bill back before the House that can get the wide support of this  Chamber.   Mr. Speaker, I also commend the engagement of Chairwoman Waters on  this matter and a number of other matters where we have been able to  work together in a bipartisan way. I am hopeful and it is my  expectation that we will be able to work together on this matter over  the coming weeks.    Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   