 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman so much for  yielding to me.   Mr. Chairman, I would say that, if I were in a court of law, I would  tell you in advance that I am about to make an argument that is  conditionally relevant, meaning: Bear with me. It will make sense when  I get to the point.   So this morning, in committee--and I serve on the Energy and Commerce  Committee--we were having a hearing and ObamaCare came up. About five  or six times, people said, on the Democrat side of the aisle, ObamaCare  is being sabotaged by the Trump administration.   Well, I started thinking about that, and I realized that that wasn't  really fair, that the problem was that this Congress and the Democrats  in this House voted for a bill that mentioned the Secretary, HHS  Secretary, 3,033 times; 974 times it said the ``Secretary shall'' and  then went on to say something else.   According to Dr. Burgess, he estimated that there were actually 262  different action items in ObamaCare voted on by the Democrats. None of  the Republicans in the House at the time--I was not here, but none of  the Republicans voted for it. 262 action items were given over to the  Secretary.   So now we have the SHIELD Act, and you are saying: All right, Morgan,  what does this have to do with the SHIELD Act?   I direct you to page 49, lines 10 to 25, Corrective Action: ``If the  Attorney General receives a credible report that materially false  information has been or is being communicated in violation'' of this  bill, ``and if the Attorney General determines that the State and local  officials have not taken adequate steps to promptly communicate  accurate information to correct the materially false information, the  Attorney General shall, pursuant to the written procedures and  standards under subsection (b)''--which, by the way, the Attorney  General determines--``communicate to the public, by any means''--any  means--``including by means of written, electronic, or telephonic  communications, accurate information designed to correct the materially  false information.''   What we are about to do in this bill, Mr. Chairman, is we are about  to give the Attorney General the power to come into our congressional  elections and to come into any election and start running ads, to run  robocalls, to get involved in the election process, because I wouldn't  want Attorney General Holder making decisions on my ads, and I don't  think my friends, Mr. Chairman, on the other side of the aisle would  want Attorney General Barr making decisions on their ads.   But that is what this bill does. It creates a situation where the  Attorney General is going to come into our districts if they think that  one of us has issued a materially false ad and, instead of letting the  voters make a decision as to whether or not I have done something wrong  or my opponent has done something wrong or you have done something  wrong or your opponent has done something wrong, the Attorney General  is going to make that decision all by himself.    Mr. Chair, when you don't like it, you are going to  come back and say: Oh, my gosh, they are sabotaging the intent of the  bill.   Well, forget the intent. Read the bill. Read the bill.   This bill has significant problems. It needs to go back to committee  and be worked on some more. I appreciate it, but until this is  corrected, I must vote ``no'' to try to protect our election system  from having it being taken over by whomever the Attorney General might  be.   