 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my  straightforward, commonsense amendment to the Interior-Environment  appropriations bill that would prevent BOEM from issuing permits for  seismic exploration in the Atlantic Ocean.   South Carolinians have made it explicitly clear where we stand on  this issue. Far too much is at stake in our State. South Carolina's  tourism economy is worth $22.6 billion a year, and two-thirds of that  comes from the coast.   While folks may disagree about the amount of oil deposits that exist  in the Atlantic Ocean, most would agree that the amount of oil off the  coast of South Carolina is minimal and far less than the amount of  revenue that the State brings in from tourism, recreation, and  commercial fishing.   Put simply, the people of the Lowcountry understand that the risk  isn't worth the reward. Or, as may grandmother said: ``The juice ain't  worth the squeeze.''   Our beaches, our economy are not for sale.   And it is not just South Carolina that feels this way. It is Florida.  It is Virginia. It is New Hampshire. It is North Carolina. It is  Pennsylvania. It is New Jersey, Oregon, and Washington. From coast to  coast, communities have made it clear that they do not want to put the  marine ecosystems and their coastal livelihoods at risk, which is why  so many of my colleagues from all over the country have joined me in  sponsoring this amendment.   Seismic exploration is incredibly dangerous in its own right. Seismic  air guns create an underwater blast louder than all but military-grade  explosives. Companies fire air guns as often as every 10 seconds for  days, weeks, to months on end. This can have impacts across the entire  ecosystem, from marine mammals to fish to plankton.   But beyond that, seismic exploration is a major step towards this  administration's ultimate goal of seeing drilling rigs up and down the  Atlantic coast. High-ranking officials have said it clear as day: The  only reason they are working so hard on these seismic permits is so  they can open up the Atlantic to drilling by the highest bidder.   Drilling in the Atlantic would put the health of our ocean and our  coastal economy at risk, and it is a massive investment in a future of  dirty and dangerous offshore drilling that an overwhelming majority of  people from both parties all along the Atlantic Coast oppose. I stand  with them in opposition to both seismic testing and oil drilling. Far  too much is at stake.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, respectfully, I would disagree with Mr.  Gosar. South Carolinians have the opportunity to say what goes on off  of South Carolina's coast. Voters have made it very clear on this  issue.   This is not Democrat or a Republican issue. This is an issue that has  been supported by Republican Governor McMaster, who has made it clear  that he opposes offshore drilling.   I would ask that my conservative Members of this body, that that  conservative idealogy also translates to conserving our natural  resources, and for that idea of federalism to extend to offshore  drilling so that States have a say. And States have spoken in South  Carolina, and other States as well.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues, again, especially  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, the Republicans, who have  supported this amendment and who have supported H.R. 1941, as well. I  thank my colleagues, my conservatives, who support conservation.   Mr. Chair, I would urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to vote in favor of this bipartisan commonsense amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I want to recognize the great work of  Chairwoman McCollum in finding ways to increase funding for the Land  and Water Conservation Fund. The chairwoman and members of the  committee have shown a strong commitment to this important program, and  I applaud their efforts.   One of the first things that Congress did was pass into law the  bipartisan lands package, which permanently authorized the Land and  Water Conservation Fund. This demonstrated what we can achieve when we  work together on behalf of our constituents.   LWCF not only promotes access to our public lands, but helps ensure  all Americans can utilize these publicly owned resources. It is  important that we build off that bipartisan work by making sure that  this important program receives the funding it deserves in our final  spending bill.   LWCF provides hundreds of millions of dollars to States that are  challenged with coastal erosion, loss of open space, and trying to  balance a need to protect species habitat with urban growth demands.   It also supports our States and communities by funding stateside  programs that promote recreation, responsible community development,  and provide opportunities to get Americans outdoors.   When LWCF was created, it was agreed that funding from oil and gas  development would be used to achieve conservation objectives across the  country. This program balances resource development with conservation  and opens access to our public lands for hunters, anglers, and back  country users.   I strongly support LWCF, and I appreciate the efforts my colleagues  have made to secure the future of this program. I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to vote in support of my amendment, as well as  the underlying bill.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlemen from  Colorado (Mr. Neguse), my esteemed colleague.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their commitment  to the Land and Water Conservation Fund and for joining me in offering  this commonsense amendment.   Mr. Chair, I would urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to vote in favor of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   