 Mr. Speaker, as a former tax lawyer and  CPA, I have seen too often the detrimental effect of substandard  technology at the IRS and substandard customer service.   I stand in support today of the Taxpayer First Act. Since the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act became the law of the land, our economic potential  has been unleashed, and America is, once again, the land of  opportunity. When we passed the tax reform package, our message was  clear: We won't wait another 30 years to take up tax legislation. We  will consistently work to improve the system for American taxpayers.   In order for any company to be successful, it needs modern technology  that supports its customer service mission. The IRS, whose customers  are 140 million Americans, should be no exception.   Filing taxes should be straightforward and simple, and taxpayers  should be treated fairly and with respect by the IRS. However, that is  not how the majority of Americans describe their experience with the  agency. This legislation will require the  [[Page H3164]]  IRS to modernize their ancient technology and will address many of the  issues American taxpayers face when dealing with our Nation's tax  collector.   Included in this package is my bill, the Electronic Signature  Standards Act, which requires the IRS to implement uniform standards to  accept electronic signatures. This is a simple, free way for small  businesses and individual taxpayers to comply with system requirements.  Providing uniform guidance for e-signatures will simplify the filing  process for taxpayers who depend on this commonly used technology and  enable the IRS to move forward with a secure filing option they already  support.   In conjunction with other legislation in this reform package, the  Electronic Signature Standards Act will bring the IRS into the 21st  century so that it can serve hardworking American taxpayers better.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation and  take this opportunity to return the IRS to its taxpayer first mission.   