 Mr. President, it has been an honor and privilege to work  with my friend and distinguished colleague, the senior Senator from  Illinois, on this important project.   I have been working on bringing about an end to the arbitrary per  country caps put in place on employment-based green cards for nearly  the entire 9-year period I have been in the U.S. Senate. At no point  has it been an easy process. These are significant and weighty issues,  and they require attention.   Senator Durbin and I have spent the last couple of months negotiating  in good faith with a lot of energy and a lot of time and attention  given to the project not only by the two Members involved, Senator  Durbin and myself, but also by our very dedicated and devoted staffs  who have really put a lot of shoe leather, sweat, blood, and tears into  this effort.   I am grateful to Senator Durbin for being willing to work with me on  this. I have enjoyed working with him over the years on a number of  projects, including the passage just about a year ago--almost exactly a  year ago--of the FIRST STEP Act. This was the result of a project that  Senator Durbin and I had been working on for 8 continuous years up  until that point, culminating in a lot of proposals, including things  like the Smarter Sentencing Act, the Sentencing Reform and Corrections  Act, and, ultimately, the FIRST STEP Act. Like I said, that was passed  almost exactly a year ago.   At no point in that process was there an easy path forward, an easy  path toward victory. Yet he and I remained united in our desire to see  something get passed.   Senator Durbin and I, along with our staffs, have put a lot of energy  and attention into this effort as well to try to bring about a  resolution of the problem created by the arbitrary per country caps  placed on employment-based immigrant visas.   I am very pleased with the outcome of those negotiations. I am very  confident that this is something we can get passed into law. He and I  are going to continue to work together. I am going to make sure we have  the buy-in we need. I want to make sure the cosponsors of the  legislation are comfortable with what we have negotiated and that they  understand it.   To that end, I thank the Senator from Illinois and his staff and also  my own staff for working on this. I have every hope, expectation, and  confidence that this is going to result in something that can pass-- something I believe that can--and will soon pass with the unanimous  support of the Members of this body.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   