 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from  Massachusetts, the chairman of the Rules Committee, for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for his kind words, and I mean that  with all sincerity. We, obviously, have different opinions, we  represent different parties, but we do work together well. I appreciate  the manner in which my friend runs his committee and discharges his  responsibility on that committee and to this entire House.   We are here today, Mr. Speaker, on a bill that represents one of the  most fundamental roles of the United States Congress. That is to fund  the government to keep it open.   Today's bill is a bipartisan continuing resolution ensuring that  critical government funding will remain in place through November 21.  The extension of funding is necessary to ensure that the House and the  Senate have the time to reach a deal for full year appropriations for  fiscal year 2020.   Mr. Speaker, I call this bill a continuing resolution, but I think  the other word I used is much more important. That word is bipartisan.  That is what this bill truly is: a bipartisan compromise between the  two parties. It is amazing what we can get done when we agree to work  together and move towards a common goal. In putting forward this bill,  that is exactly what we have done.   H.R. 4378 is a bipartisan compromise that ensures that we will keep  the government open and operating through November 21. The American  people deserve no less.   H.R. 4378 not only funds the government and keeps it open, but it  also provides critical authorization extensions for some important  government programs. Without passing this bill, crucial programs  impacting millions of Americans in every district of the country would  expire. These include programs like community health centers, the  Commodity Credit Corporation, the National Flood Insurance Program, the  Special Diabetes Program, and the Special Diabetes Program for Native  Americans.   Every one of these programs is one of great importance to my  district, but the same could be said of every other Member of the  House. All of us have constituents who use these and other important  programs every day. All of us have constituents whose lives are changed  for the better because these programs are there. And if they were to  expire and stop working, all of us--every last Member--would, rightly,  hear about it from our constituents the following day.    The bill before us today is not a perfect bill, but that is the  nature of a compromise. When the two parties agree to work together,  both sides have to give up some things for the greater good. That is  the nature of compromise and the nature of what we can do when we agree  to set aside partisanship for the good of all those we are privileged  to represent.   Mr. Speaker, while I cannot support the rule, I do support the  underlying measure. I think it represents a real bipartisan achievement  that every Member of the Chamber, Republican and Democrat alike, can  and should support.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, but urge support for the  underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately bring up H.R. 4261, a bill to  prohibit taxpayer funding in support of campaigns for the offices of  Senators or Representatives.   Earlier this Congress, my Democratic friends passed H.R. 1, which  included a public funding scheme for congressional elections that would  transfer hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars to congressional  candidates, most particularly to incumbents. That bill included an  astonishing 6-1 match for campaign contributions under $200. For every  dollar a congressional candidate raised, taxpayers would kick in an  additional $6 if that contribution was less than $200. If the goal is  to fix the campaign finance system and level the playing field,  throwing even more money into the system--especially taxpayer dollars-- makes zero sense.   As an appropriator, I find it hard to think of a worse use of  taxpayer dollars than creating a government-funding campaign ATM. At a  time when we could be funding the National Institutes of Health to help  find a cure for cancer, or fund needed infrastructure projects across  the country, or bring broadband internet to rural areas, Democrats in  the House of Representatives have, instead, made clear that they want  to spend taxpayer dollars on themselves. Congress should take immediate  steps to ensure that taxpayer dollars are never spent on congressional  campaigns, and H.R. 4261 would accomplish that goal.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, while I certainly oppose the rule,  I want to urge support for the underlying measure. H.R. 4378 is a  bipartisan continuing resolution that will fund the government and keep  it open for the American people while we complete our work on  appropriations for fiscal year 2020. It will also provide extensions  for critical programs impacting constituents in every district in the  Nation.   I want to associate myself with my friend's remarks. While I haven't  voted for very many of the appropriations bills--I don't think I voted  for any of them that this Chamber has passed because I have some strong  disagreements--the House has largely done its work. We have largely  completed the appropriations process here.   I am glad our friends in the Senate--and they had a reason to do  this--they waited until we had a bipartisan deal with the  administration in both chambers on the top-line spending level. But I  agree with my friend that it is time to get to work. It is time for  these bills in the Senate to start moving and get passed. Then we can  sit down, have the appropriate negotiation between the two chambers,  hopefully arrive at a bipartisan agreement, and present the legislation  to the administration that, hopefully, the President will be willing to  sign.   Again, I think buying the time we need here, without inconveniencing  the American people, is a wise thing to do. I urge all my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to support that and vote no on the previous  question, no on the rule, but yes on the underlying legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A  recorded vote was ordered.  Mr.  Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays  were ordered. 