 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 925, the North  American Wetlands Conservation Extension Act.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman Wittman from  Virginia, for coauthoring this measure with me and for his leadership  on this issue; not just on this bill, but on this issue. He is a  stalwart supporter and he works extremely hard on making sure our  wetlands and environment are protected.   As members of the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission, Congressman  Wittman and I have the privilege of evaluating and approving NAWCA- funded projects in the United States, in Canada, and in Mexico.   On that commission, we share a responsibility to ensure that everyone  in America can use and can enjoy the natural resources that belong to  all of us.   Since 1989, North American Wetlands Conservation Act grants have  funded close to 3,000 projects, carried out by more than 6,000  partners. Every year, restoration and conservation projects funded by  NAWCA support 7,500 jobs across our country, from fisheries biologists  and engineers, to construction teams and supply retailers.  [[Page H9084]]    Federal NAWCA grants require a 10-to-1 nonFederal match, and over the  past 30 years, $1.6 billion in Federal funding has been matched more  than 3 to 1 with $4.7 billion contributed by nonFederal partners.   The result so far has been 29.8 million acres, an area the size of  the State of Pennsylvania, of rehabilitated and restored wetlands.  These wetlands support ecological health and biodiversity while  providing outstanding opportunities for Americans to hunt, to fish, to  hike, to bird watch, to farm, and to ranch. The resulting economic  activity exceeds $5 billion every year.   Even those who don't use these lands directly benefit. Wetlands  provide natural processes that allow us to have clean, plentiful water  supplies. Wetlands protect the lands around them by absorbing flood  water and storm surges.   H.R. 925 reauthorizes NAWCA so we can continue the critical work on  North America's wetlands that offer tremendous ecological and economic  benefits to each and every one of us.   Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to support NAWCA today to make sure that  we continue to conserve our public land. Let's work together today on  behalf of all Americans, now and for future generations.   