 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3409 represents the Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure's commitment to the men and women serving in the Coast  Guard and lays the groundwork for maintaining their mission capability  in the future.   It also represents the bipartisan spirit that so often falls below  the radar on Capitol Hill. At a time when the issues dominating the  headlines fuel political fighting, it is refreshing to work with  colleagues from both sides of the aisle.   H.R. 3409 recognizes that port and coastal security, drug  interdiction, and maritime safety are commonsense issues, not  Republican or Democrat issues. This Coast Guard authorization addresses  priorities important to both East and West Coasts, the inland river  system, and the Great Lakes. All these regions are well-represented by  the chairs and ranking members of the committee and subcommittee.   The Coast Guard plays an important and unique role in national  security and maritime safety. It is a critical component in carrying  out drug interdiction efforts, keeping our ports and coasts safe, and  conducting icebreaking operations. H.R. 3409, the Coast Guard  Authorization Act of 2019, helps the Coast Guard better perform their  missions and encourages the use of cutting-edge technology to improve  operations. Utilizing drone technology and upgrading computer systems  will help the Coast Guard personnel complete their missions.   I am also proud of the commitment made to the Great Lakes in this  bill. Working with Congressman   Mike Gallagher from Wisconsin, we  emphasized the economic importance of the Great Lakes and the necessity  for new, dedicated icebreakers on the lakes to keep commerce moving.   It is unfortunate that the provisions in the bill to ensure the  Coastguardsmen were paid during lapses in appropriations were stripped  from the bill. Nonetheless, I commend Chairman DeFazio and the 186  cosponsors of the Pay Our Coast Guard Act for pursuing this important  initiative.   I thank Chairman DeFazio, Ranking Member Graves, and Subcommittee  Chairman Maloney for working in a bipartisan fashion to give the Coast  Guard the resources it needs to accomplish its missions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Graves), who is the ranking member of the  full Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman  DeFazio and Ranking Member Graves for working on these bills. This is  an important one in Puerto Rico.   I am really proud about the work the Coast Guard did during both  Hurricanes Irma and Maria.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, the Coast Guard  Authorization Act of 2019, which authorizes the service for the next 2  years, gives the Coast Guard parity with the other military branches in  the Department of Defense, addresses a backlog of shore-side  infrastructure, and reauthorizes the Federal Maritime Commission.   I worked with Delegate Plaskett from the Virgin Islands to get on  board to help determine if the Coast Guard's maritime surveillance  hours used for drug interdictions in the Caribbean Basin meet mission  requirements. The U.S. Coast Guard has been vital in addressing these  threats and securing our maritime region as well.   For example, during the first half of fiscal year 2019, the Coast  Guard removed over 9 metric tons of cocaine and interdicted 722  migrants around the Puerto Rico area of operations. That is the reason  I also was able to include a provision in this bill which ensures  recruitment activities in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and all  the territories as well. We are proud to answer the call to serve in  our Nation's service branches, and the Coast Guard is no exception.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this is a very strong bipartisan bill. We need to  support the efforts of our men and women out there who are doing the  daily work to protect this country, the Coast Guard.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   