 Mr. Speaker, when Speaker Pelosi took the gavel on January  3, she was surrounded by children, and as she brought down the gavel to  commence the 116th Congress, these were her words: ``I now call the  House to order on behalf of all of America's children.''   The importance of Speaker Pelosi's words cannot be overstated. Last  year was horrendous for children in our country.   If we look at gun violence or immigration or healthcare or poverty  relief, children suffered last year under the Trump administration and  a Republican Congress.   On February 14, 2018, a gunman walked into Marjory Stoneman Douglas  High School in Parkland, Florida, to commit mass murder; 17 people were  killed, another 17 were injured, and most of them were children.   The Parkland shooting wasn't the first school shooting in our  Nation's history, and it wasn't the last. But the Parkland students,  standing on the shoulders of student leaders before them, stood up and  marched. They bound together in an intersectional, nationwide movement  to demand that Congress and the President do something to make our  country safer.   Unfortunately, their pleas fell on deaf ears. The President and his  administration were too inept or too cowardly to confront the NRA. And  because my colleagues across the aisle were too inept or too cowardly  to confront the NRA, we witnessed preventable shooting after  preventable shooting.   Then, when the Trump administration finally did release its School  Safety Comission report, it completely ignored evidence-based violence  and prevention strategies. Instead, the report suggested rolling back  civil rights protections for students and making guns more easily  accessible in schools.   Look, there is a commonality among the mass shootings in America's  schools: easy access to firearms. But rather than address the root  cause of school shootings, the Trump administration suggested that we  put guns in classrooms, as if teachers are security guards and schools  are prisons. Nobody thinks that is a good idea except for the NRA.   Meanwhile, educators across the country are clamoring for funding to  install new locks on classroom doors, harden school entryways, and  secure school facilities.   The 116th Congress was called into order on behalf of all children  because Democrats will listen to teachers and students--not the NRA.  That is why we passed two bills in February to institute universal  background checks and close the Charleston loophole. That is why I  introduced the Safer Neighborhoods Gun Buyback Act: to save children's  lives.   We were called into order on behalf of all children, including those  who are at our borders.   Under the Trump administration and Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, both  of whom were empowered by my colleagues across the aisle, the United  States of America ripped children away from their parents and put them  in cages.   Ripping children away from their parents and lying about it to the  American people was evil, plain and simple, and it should have ended  Secretary Nielsen's career. I feel Secretary Nielsen is incompetent,  inept, and is not up to the task of securing the homeland's safety.  Anyone who would put children in cages, fenced cages, taken from their  parents can just not be trusted.   President Trump's deplorable, inhuman attempt to change our  immigration system has killed people.   