 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Ernst for allowing me the  opportunity to talk about opportunity zones.   So much has happened since President Trump has been elected that I  think has brought opportunity. The economy is obviously booming. In the  State of Indiana, for instance, we have 156 opportunity zones in 83  different cities and 58 counties. That is a lot in one State. This is  investment into these areas that need jobs. Capital investment is hard  to measure. Thank goodness it has come along and has been an  opportunity that we in the Hoosier State have taken advantage of.   We are one of the lowest unemployment States in the Union. I am from  Dubois County, from the town of Jasper, which supports the lowest  unemployment rates in our State--a State of enterprise, a State of  commerce. Workforce development is probably the most critical issue  that faces our State, but we do a lot of other things well. We live  within our means. We addressed infrastructure back in 2017 by repairing  roads and bridges and by doing a lot of things well.   We have 80,000 jobs in our State that need one simple thing, and that  is proper training.   When I went to school back in the seventies--it dates me a little  bit--I took industrial arts. You had a shop class. You had a welding  class. You had practical training that led you into good-paying jobs.  Somewhere along the way, we kind of almost stigmatized that pathway  called career and technical education. We have schools like Ivy Tech.  When I was a State legislator, there were 19 different programs, and we  were spending nearly $1 billion a year, but we were not providing  proper training for high-demand, high-wage jobs.   In our State, we are shipping out twice as many 4-year degrees as we  use. Something is not right. I just spoke with an online college, which  is another issue I want to mention. The cost of these 4-year degrees  has gotten way out of hand. Many graduates spend $80,000, $90,000,  $100,000. They take on that debt and have jobs that are not marketable.   We need to pay attention to the simple things that most States need  by reorienting the focus of education and providing proper training for  jobs that  [[Page S2547]]  in many cases pay more than 4-year degrees, those that start in the  neighborhood of $40,000 to $60,000 and have good benefits and potential  wages of over $100,000 a year. In our State and in most States across  the country, those are the jobs that need to be filled.   In my own company, 80 jobs can't be filled because, really, there  needs to be a better curriculum at the high school level, one from  which you get basic skills taught rather than the misguided approach of  overemphasizing 4-year degrees. There is nothing wrong with that, and  everyone should aspire to that, but the market doesn't necessarily need  it. It will pay more for a lot less education, and you will not be  walking away with the debt that so many students do in this day and  age.   Tax reform then came along. As a business owner, I can clearly say  that there has been nothing in the 38 years of building a little Main  Street business into a national company that has catapulted our ability  to do more for our employees than what has happened with tax reform.   An opportunity zone is a great idea. We need to have more of it, and  we need to make sure this institution starts to set an example across  this country whereby we live within our means and not create $850  billion deficits annually on top of $22 trillion of debt. We all know  that is going to lead us nowhere other than into despair down the road.   Again, I am here to tout what tax relief and the JOBS Act did, as  well as opportunity zones, which we have run with in the Hoosier State.  We also need to fix a few things, like matching training and education  with high-demand, high-wage jobs. If we do that across the country, I  think we will be into decades of prosperity that will prevent us from  maybe going down that trail of some of the things we have heard about  recently, like the Green New Deal, Medicare for All, and a lot of  things that we know we can't afford and that will not work.   Thank you.   