 Mr. Chair, I thank my friend from North  Carolina for yielding. I congratulate the ranking member and the  chairwoman for trying to work together to produce a bipartisan bill  that we can all support and demonstrate our keen interest in a long- term, bipartisan reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank, an important  foreign policy tool for this Nation, not just in the situation with  China, but generally.   To my friend from Washington who talked about Huawei a few minutes  ago, it is not just state-owned enterprises that we are concerned  about. It is not public companies in China we are concerned about, or  private companies in China. We are concerned with anyone who has  engaged in something that is going to challenge the national security  of this country.   I would remind my friends on the other side that China's laws say:  Any organization or citizen shall support, assist, and cooperate with  the People's Republic of China intelligence effort. They shall provide  all efforts truthfully and may not refuse.   So it is not just small companies or state-owned enterprises; it is  all companies in China that we have that risk.   I offered an amendment that was turned down by the Rules Committee,  ruled out of order by the majority, to try to tackle the issue of  intellectual property, something we have dealt with in this country for  30 years. That was going to be an effort, I think, in this compromise  bill that would have been so helpful, had we been able to successfully  get it done.    I have been a longtime advocate for proceeding with care as it  relates to foreign policy with China. There is no doubt that  intellectual property is at the heart of that challenge, and the Bank  has a role to play as it reviews financing activities in China for our  businesses.   Nothing has been more pirated than computer software, music CDs, and  Hollywood videos. All that has been taken by the People's Republic of  China to the detriment of business in  [[Page H8850]]  America. It plagued President Clinton; it plagued President Bush 43;  and it plagued President Obama.   Mr. Chair, let's work together on a bipartisan bill that we can all  support.   