 Mr. Speaker, I rise to once again oppose the  President's outrageous decision to declare a national emergency.   President Trump repeatedly promised that Mexico would pay for his  border wall, but now he is diverting money, $3.6 billion, away from our  servicemembers, military families, and their children.   Two projects were canceled in my district at Joint Base Andrews.  Joint Base Andrews is home to Air Force One. It is the cornerstone of  military security in our Nation's Capital.   President Trump canceled a much-needed new childcare facility for  families at Joint Base Andrews. We have been working on this for over a  decade.   The current childcare center, which I visited 2 weeks ago, 2 years  ago, was constructed during World War II. It is too small to serve the  children on base. There is a 200-child waiting list.   It suffers from sewage backup. That is right, classes are canceled  when the sewer backs up. The kitchen closes when the sewer backs up,  and that happens every other month.   It has got mold and rodent infestation, a leaking roof that collapsed  5 years ago, and a failing heating and air-conditioning system.   Servicemembers will be forced to use more expensive and lower quality  off-base programs. The Department of Defense studied it; they estimated  it; and it will cost military families $10,000 a year, each, money that  is coming out of their pocket. Why? To build a wall.   The families at Andrews have been waiting for years for a modern,  safe building, and now we are telling them to wait. We are telling kids  to go without so President Trump can build his wall before 2020.   Servicemembers that defend our Nation should never have to worry  about the safety and well-being of their children while they are  serving our Nation.   This isn't the only project being canceled at Andrews. The President  canceled a hazardous material cargo pad necessary to load ordnance and  munitions onto planes. The Pentagon said that, without this project,  Andrews will have ``enduring systemic weaknesses in its ability to  support required military activities.''   Think September 11, 9/11. We relied on fighter jets from Andrews, and  now we are risking their mission with this cut.   The President is also canceling dozens of essential projects that  would provide relief in Puerto Rico and in Europe against Russian  aggression. It hurts morale among the men and women who sacrifice more  and more every year.   Voting to end this national emergency is the only way to restore  funding that the President has taken from our troops and their  families. The administration should not build this ineffective,  xenophobic, vanity project on the backs of the military.   When we face critical challenges at home and abroad, this kind of  action hurts our ability to respond to real-world emergencies.   