 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1941,  the Coastal and Marine Economies Protection Act.   My bipartisan bill permanently protects the Atlantic and the Pacific  Coasts from the threats of offshore oil and gas drilling. It reflects  the tremendous importance that Members of both parties place on healthy  shorelines and the State and local economies that depend on them. This  bill acknowledges that if we don't act, drilling rigs could soon appear  off of our beaches.   Folks from up and down the coast of my district understand that  opposition to offshore drilling is not a partisan issue. Whether it be  a first grader like Anna Caroline of upstate South Carolina who rallied  70 signatures to stop offshore drilling or a group of mayors like Billy  Keyserling, Pat O'Neil, Tim Goodwin, Jimmy Carroll, or John Tecklenburg  who worked tirelessly to defend our coastline, South Carolinians want  to protect our community from the disastrous consequences that result  from offshore drilling. The Lowcountry is a force to be reckoned with,  and we stand firm in our opposition to drilling off of our shoreline.   Down in the Lowcountry, we know that offshore drilling would ruin our  economy, our vibrant natural resources, and our unique way of life.  That is why opposition to offshore drilling is not a partisan issue,  and I am proud to work with both Democrats and Republicans to get this  done.   Offshore drilling and the booming tourism industry that we have in  the Lowcountry are mutually exclusive pursuits. Tourism in the Palmetto  State is a $22.6 billion-a-year industry and supports 1 in every 10  jobs in our State. South Carolina's tourism industry holds a great deal  more promise for statewide economic prosperity.   I want to take a moment to also consider how natural disasters would  impact our State if we were to drill offshore. We have seen spills from  onshore infrastructure in the path of a hurricane. Hurricane Katrina is  the best-known example, with roughly 8 million gallons of oil spilled.   Last week, Hurricane Dorian was a sobering reminder that hurricanes  and natural disasters can change course in a moment's notice and  inflict tremendous damage on communities in the path of a storm.   If Charleston, Hilton Head, or Beaufort had onshore energy  infrastructure similar to Port Fourchon or Galveston, the potential for  a major spill or environmental calamity from Dorian's destruction would  have skyrocketed.   Opposition to offshore drilling is an economic one, but it is also a  moral one. The book of Genesis teaches us to be stewards and caretakers  of all creation. I find it unconscionable that we can knowingly damage  our waters and, consequentially, our marine life for such a pursuit.   Offshore drilling is reckless; it is harmful; and it is absolutely  disruptive to the communities that we call home.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my bill that will  permanently safeguard the First District of South Carolina and coastal  communities across this Nation.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I rise to protect our environment. And  as a former ocean engineer, I rise on behalf of the Lowcountry in the  First Congressional District of South Carolina.   This motion to recommit wants to cede more power to our President,  but I believe in the Constitution, and I believe in separate but equal  branches of government like our Founding Fathers intended.   We, as Members of this institution, have an obligation to not only  respond to current events, but also to anticipate future problems and  work to prevent them. You don't wait for a bridge to break to fix its  foundation, and you don't wait for the hurricane to hit before boarding  up your windows, and you don't wait for an oil spill to realize that  offshore drilling is just not worth jeopardizing our booming tourism  industry.   As my father used to say, the juice just ain't worth the squeeze.   This bill ensures that no new lease sales are made along the Atlantic  and the Pacific. We are not looking to reverse existing sales, just  prevent new ones.   So why does this matter? Because public opinion matters, and because  our friends and our neighbors have expressed their opposition to  offshore drilling along our coasts.   There are certain things that go beyond politics, issues that touch  each and every one of us personally, things that transcend partisan  lines.   In South Carolina, we have strong bipartisan opposition to offshore  drilling. It doesn't matter what party you belong to. We all enjoy the  same beaches, the same sunset, and the same coastal economy, like South  Carolina's, which is worth over $22 billion. That is at risk. Whatever  limited economic benefit may be gained from oil drilling is both  fiscally and morally irresponsible.   I want to remind the folks of the remarkable track record Republicans  once had for environmental conservation. The National Environmental  Policy Act and two Clean Air Acts were both signed by Republicans. A  Republican created the Environmental Protection Agency.   By voting against this bill, Republicans promote pollution; they put  profits over people; and they erase the legacy of environmental  conservation that Republicans before them worked so hard to build.   I want to remind my colleagues, if they are a true conservative, if  they are a real conservative, then be an environmental conservative,  too.   This idea that offshore drilling is necessary for the country to  achieve energy independence is just a red herring. As President Trump  pointed out earlier this year during his State of the Union speech, the  United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas in  the world.   Yes, USA, USA, USA.   President Trump said that, for the first time in 65 years, we are a  net exporter of energy. We have managed to make all this energy  progress, and all that progress has been made without drilling in the  Atlantic and Pacific.   We are sending 3 million barrels of oil overseas every single day. We  do not need to put oil rigs in the Atlantic Ocean at all.   Why would we damage our beaches, our God-given natural resources,  just to export more oil to other countries? Why would we do that?   To answer that question, we must first answer a more basic question:  Who did you come here to serve?   When we see Old Glory, we pledge our allegiance to the flag and to  the Nation, not to a party and not to a President.   This is not a partisan question, so let us not give a partisan  answer. Let's defeat this motion to recommit and pass H.R. 1941.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   