 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, you either believe it or you don't believe  it.  [[Page S1954]]  Is there such a thing as climate change? Are we going through some  change on our planet today? I think so, and 98 percent of the  scientists who report on the subject believe the same thing. The  evidence is everywhere, isn't it? The extreme weather events that we  are seeing are, I think, an indication that something is happening on  this Earth that we call home.   The obvious question is this: Do we have anything to do with it? Does  the fact that we are alive, functioning, building things, and dealing  with traveling by plane and other means have anything to do with what  is happening to our planet? I think so.   Can we do something about it? Sure, we know we can. If we are dealing  with greenhouse gas emissions that somehow in the atmosphere are  raising the temperature of planet Earth, what can we do about those  greenhouse gases? We know there are a lot of very simple and obvious  things.   I can remember a debate on this floor when we talked about making  cars and trucks more fuel efficient and when the folks in Detroit, who  are the smartest people running the automobile companies, said:  Impossible. You can't do it. Americans will never buy those cars. It  just will not work.   Thank goodness we ignored them. We established standards and  regulations. Do you know what? Like it or not, we drive more fuel- efficient cars and trucks today, and, frankly, I like it. It was a step  in the right direction. It took governmental, congressional prodding to  take place, and it made this a cleaner, safer place to live in the  United States.   There are other things we can do as well, but, first, we need a basic  agreement that there is a problem, that human conduct--the way we live,  the way we work, and the way we produce things--has something to do  with it, and that we are committed to changing it.   How many nations in the world have agreed with that conclusion? All  of them. Wait. All of them except one--this country, this President,  who decided to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. It is a universal,  global decision by every nation on Earth except the United States that  we do have a climate problem, that we are the cause of some part of it,  at least, and that we should do something to change it. This President  says he doesn't buy it and doesn't think the science proves it. He and  he alone, on behalf of this country, stepped away from this agreement.  I think that was a serious mistake.   I am happy to report that Governors across the United States--at  least the Democratic Governors--have said they are going to ignore the  President when it comes to this, and they are going to set up their own  policies. I salute my own Governor, J.B. Pritzker, in Illinois. He is  not part of this denial camp that is trying to ignore the problem. He  is trying to do in our State, as others are, something to make sure  that this planet is more livable, more habitable.   Isn't it amazing that this has become such a partisan issue? There  was a time on the floor of this Senate when it was not. I remember when  the late Senator John McCain, whom I still honor to this day not only  for his service in the Senate but for his service to this country,  teamed up with Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman and started proposing  ideas to deal with climate change--bipartisan proposals, bipartisan  votes. Not anymore, no. We have a big wall down the middle of this  Chamber--on that side, climate denial and, on this side, a belief that  we should be doing something about it.   We could do something today, couldn't we? Couldn't we take the latest  climate assessment from the Federal Government, which spells out the  problem and spells out the challenge, and come up with at least a  reasonable, bipartisan approach with which to deal with the clear  scientific evidence that has been produced by this government as  required by law? Of course, we could, but we are not going to. Instead,  the Republican Senate leader has decided he wants to make a political  move. He wants to put the Democrats on the spot, not to solve the  problem but to have something he can talk about in the next campaign.   A group came together and proposed, as they call it, the Green New  Deal. I have taken a look at it. I went to Senator Ed Markey of  Massachusetts, who is one of the sponsors, and I asked him about it  because he is one of the authors. I know Ed Markey. I served with him  in the House, and I serve with him in the Senate. He has established  credentials when it comes to this issue. He truly cares and has done  many, many things to show that caring.   So I asked him: What is this Green New Deal? It is not a law. I mean,  it is not a bill that will become a law. It is simply a resolution,  which is kind of a statement of purpose, a statement of position. He  said to me that it was aspirational--in other words, that the Green New  Deal sets out aspirations, targets, and values.   I said to him: Ed, that is a good idea, but I want something that is  not aspirational. I want something that is legislational. That is what  we do here, right? I am sure he will come up with those specifics.   Yet Senator McConnell, the Republican Senate leader, has decided that  we are going to put the Democrats on the spot. Take it or leave it in  its entirety--the Green New Deal. Be on the record and vote this  afternoon.   I will make it clear to you right now that I think there are parts of  that Green New Deal that are excellent and some that I disagree with.  At this point in time, I am going to be voting present this afternoon  because I believe we should be legislational, and I believe we should  be bipartisan.   I have said this on the floor many times, and I will say it again:  The only major political party in the world today that denies climate  change is the Republican Party of the United States of America. Now, I  have waited for some Republican to come to the floor and say: Oh, no,  that is not true, Senator Durbin. There are other major political  parties that have the same position as we do. Yet no one has come to  the floor.   A few months back, one Republican Senator in an elevator quietly  said: I think there is a party in Australia that denies climate change.   Maybe that is true, but why in the world have we reached a point at  which this is such a partisan issue? Don't we all see what is happening  with the weather? Can't we see what is happening in terms of the  temperature of this Earth that we live on as it is consistently, year  after year, continuing to rise? Don't we realize that it has an impact  on this Earth that we live on? Don't we realize that if it continues  unabated, the Earth that I am leaving to my children and grandchildren  will be a much different place and a much more challenging place? Can't  we see the flooding in the streets down in Miami in Florida? Can't we  see the melting of the glaciers? Isn't that proof positive that  something is happening?    In my part of the world, the Midwest, I grew up with tornadoes. They  are so common where I live, we even named sports teams after the  tornadoes. When I was a kid--this happened half a dozen times, and I  will never forget it--in the middle of the night, Mom and Dad would  wake me up and say: The tornado sirens are blaring. Get in the basement  right now. Grab your covers and pillow and get downstairs.   We would head down to the basement and wait for the all-clear signal.   Tornadoes were part of our lives, but they were usually confined to  the spring and summer months. Just this last December, we had a tornado  in Taylorville, IL, 30 miles away from where I live. It wasn't supposed  to come this time of year.   Unusual things just like that are happening all over the place, and  they are devastating. Don't take my word for it; talk to the people in  the property and casualty insurance industry. They make a living trying  to guess what the weather is going to be. If they see some horrible  weather condition coming, they know it will not be good for their  bottom line. I have talked to them. There are some States in which they  are unwilling to write property and casualty insurance because of the  vulnerability to hurricanes, tornadoes, and extreme weather events.  They are making a conscious profit-and-loss business decision based on  the evidence before them that something is happening to weather in the  United States. They are not in denial. They embrace the concept every  day when they decide whether to write insurance and what premiums to  charge.   So if the people who do this for a living, who have to show a profit  in their  [[Page S1955]]  company, have come to the conclusion that climate change is for real,  why haven't we in the Senate? Why do we instead engage in this  political theater we are going to have this afternoon? Why aren't we  instead, on a bipartisan basis, sitting down and saying: What can we  do? What can we do in terms of conserving energy, in terms of being  more fuel efficient, and in terms of being more sensitive to this  environment? What can we do?   There are a handful of Republican Senators who have stepped up and  said ``We should. We can see climate change where we live,'' but I wish  they would become a force to lead their leadership forward into taking  this up on a serious basis. This afternoon's vote is just part of a  political stunt. It is not a serious effort to deal with climate  change. We better do that pretty soon.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask the Senator from Alaska to yield for  10 seconds.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator. She was the person I  was thinking of when I said there are exceptions when it comes to the  partisan divide between us. I stayed for her presentation because I  knew what it was going to be, and I wanted it to be part of the Record.   I think Senator Murkowski and Senator Cantwell--whom we recognize on  our side of the aisle as one of the real leaders on the subject--can  show us the way in the Senate to find a bipartisan approach to deal  with this challenge.   Thank you.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Udall)  is necessarily absent.   