 Madam President, over in the House today, the Ways and  Means Committee is marking up Speaker Pelosi's drug bill, the latest  installment in Democrats' campaign for government-run healthcare.   Like Democrats' other plan for government takeover of healthcare, the  so-called Medicare for All vote, the Pelosi drug bill will ultimately  leave Americans worse off when it comes to access to care.   There is no question that the American healthcare system isn't  perfect. High drug costs are a problem, and one in four seniors reports  difficulty affording medications. Stories of patients being forced to  ration pills or abandon their prescriptions at the pharmacy counter are  unacceptable, but upending the entire American healthcare system is not  the answer.   A strong majority of Americans are happy with their health insurance  coverage and the quality of the healthcare they receive. Americans have  access to treatments that individuals in other countries simply don't  have access to. Take cancer drugs, for example. Between 2011 and 2018,  82 new cancer drugs became available. U.S. patients have access to 96  percent of those new drugs. In Germany, by contrast, patients have  access to just 73 percent of those new cancer drugs. In France, it is  just 66 percent, and in Japan, patients have access to only 54 percent  of these new cancer drugs. In other words, Japanese patients are  missing out on access to roughly half of the new cancer drugs that  emerged between 2011 and 2018.   So why do Americans have such tremendous access to new drugs while  other countries trail behind? Because the U.S. Government doesn't  dictate drug prices or drug coverage. That is also the reason American  companies lead the world in medical innovation.   Back in 1986, investment in drug research by European drug companies  exceeded U.S. investment by approximately 24 percent, but all of that  changed--all of that changed--when European governments stepped in and  started imposing price controls.   Today, European investment in drug research and development is almost  40 percent lower than U.S. investment. It was 24 percent higher in  1968, and, today, it is 40 percent lower.   Speaker Pelosi's bill would start the process of destroying the  system that has produced so much access and innovation for American  patients. Her legislation would impose government price controls on as  many as 250 medications.   If progressives in her caucus have their way, the bill would impose  government price controls on all medications. Either way, the result is  likely to look much the same as we have seen before--reduced access to  lifesaving treatments and substantially reduced investment for the  prescription drug breakthroughs of the future.   Under the Pelosi bill, Americans could look forward to a future where  we might be the ones losing out on a quarter or more of the new cancer  drugs that are coming to market.   There is no question that we need to find solutions to drive down  drug costs, but the answer to the problem of high drug costs is not to  destroy the system that has given American patients access to so many  new cures and treatments.   Republicans want to develop bipartisan legislation focused on  lowering prescription drug costs without--without--destroying the  American system of access and innovation.   The Senate Finance Committee, the Senate Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee, and the Senate Judiciary Committee have spent a  lot of time this year working on this issue, and work on truly  bipartisan solutions remains ongoing.   Earlier this year, House committees advanced drug pricing legislation  on a bipartisan basis, but, unfortunately, House Democrats have made it  clear that they are more interested in playing politics than in  cooperating on legislation to address the challenges that are facing  American families.   Democrats know that the Pelosi drug bill has no chance of passing the  Senate, but they have chosen to pursue this socialist fantasy instead  of working with Republicans to develop a bipartisan prescription drug  bill that isn't just price controls and that might actually go  somewhere.   Like the Democrats' larger socialist fantasy, Medicare for All, the  Pelosi drug bill will ultimately hurt the very people it is supposed to  help, in this case, by restricting their access to lifesaving drugs and  future prescription drug innovations. The Pelosi drug bill is a bad  prescription for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, there are Members who object to this. They  can't be here to object on their own behalf. I object on their behalf.   I say to the Senator from Minnesota that, like her, I also want to do  everything we can to ensure that our elections are fair and transparent  in this country. I think there are a number of solutions, as she  pointed out, that are out there. I think there is a lot of good work  that is being done and can be done, hopefully, on a bipartisan basis.  As a former chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, I have worked  with the Senator from Minnesota on a number of issues where we have  been able to fashion solutions that are bipartisan in nature. I suspect  work on this will continue.   As I mentioned, we have a couple of Members on our side who do have  objections to the bill in its current form or the process of trying to  do it this way. I do think there is a way in which we can come together  and work toward solutions that will help do what I think all of us have  as an objective, and that is to keep our election process in this  country fair and transparent.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Isakson).   