 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to first give approximately  a 1-minute speech and then speak for a longer time on another subject.   I am happy to recognize small businesses in Iowa, and, of course, we  should recognize them all across our country. We do that by celebrating  National Small Business Week.   In my State of Iowa, 99 percent of all businesses are small  businesses. Also, almost half of Iowa's employees are employed by small  businesses.   Government regulations have a disproportionate impact on small  businesses, often costing them 20 percent more than the average of all  businesses. So we need to remember that small businesses are the main  source of America's innovations and economic strength. We should all be  proud of and support these men and women who work hard to keep our  communities vibrant.   This week is devoted to honoring small business.    Mr. President, I hope that the New York Times article  will be a wake-up call to congressional Democrats and people outside of  Congress to abandon this misleading rhetoric. Unfortunately, it is more  likely they will continue their campaign of misinformation. Yet, as  more and more hard data come in on the benefits of tax reform, it will  become harder and harder for the American public to take the Democrats  seriously with their rhetoric.   With the tax filing season now behind us, we are finally starting to  get some of this hard data. H&R Block has released data for this filing  season based upon its experience in helping taxpayers during this  filing season, which demonstrate how taxpayers fared in each State.  Again, as you can see from this chart, taxpayers who are in red and  blue States alike have all benefited from tax reform.   One knows what the rhetoric was around here even before we voted on  this bill: It is an attack on the blue States. Well, it didn't turn out  that way. On average for all States, taxpayers saw a 24-percent  reduction in their tax bills.   This data directly contradict misleading arguments by these  Washington Democrats, as I stated, that tax reform was an attack on  high-tax blue States due to the cap on the State and local tax  deductions, and we set that cap at $10,000.   According to H&R Block, not according to this Senator, some of the  largest tax reductions are actually found in the high-tax blue States.  On average, taxpayers in New Jersey saw the largest reduction in their  tax bills at 29 percent. New Jersey, based on the last several  elections, is a blue State. Massachusetts had the second largest  reduction of 27.6 percent, and California had the third largest with  27.1 percent. They are blue States.   The fact is, on average, taxpayers in every State have benefited from  tax reform, and in some cases, high-tax blue States have fared even  better than red States.   I am proud of the work we did on tax reform. No bill is perfect, and  we still have work to do in addressing a number of technical correction  issues, but we have kept our promise to enact meaningful reform that  has cut taxes for the middle class.   Even more important is what tax reform means for long-term economic  growth. It doesn't take a tax expert to see that income, wages, jobs,  and unemployment numbers have all very much improved since the  enactment of this tax bill. That then reflects in significant benefits  obtained by American workers. Of course, that is on top of the direct  tax relief that hard-working individuals and families are already  receiving, which I described at the beginning of my remarks.   Annualized growth in real after-tax personal income averaged 2\1/2\  percent during the Obama administration; it has averaged 3.3 percent  since tax reform.   Annualized growth in real average hourly earnings averaged a mere 0.6  percent under Obama compared to 1.7 percent following the enactment of  the tax bill. So it is about three times as much.   Monthly job gains averaged 110,000 under President Obama; they  averaged 215,000 after this tax bill passed.   There have been nearly 5.4 million jobs created since January of  2017, with more than half of that job creation having occurred since  the enactment of tax reform.   Under President Obama, the unemployment rate averaged a whopping 7.4  percent. Today, it averages 3.9 percent.   Following tax reform and for the first time since 2001, the number of  job openings in the national economy has exceeded the number of  unemployed Americans--a phenomenon that has continued for the past  year. That means an American who wants a job can get a job.   To say it simply, tax reform is working for America. For the  Democrats to suggest otherwise is nothing more than their continued  effort to mislead the American public. I invite the Democrats to take a  page from the New York Times article, acknowledge the facts, and work  with us to continue to improve the economic environment for hard- working individuals and families all across this great country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, as chairman of the Senate Finance  Committee, I have worked to secure tax policies to help spur  entrepreneurship, competition, and innovation. Opportunity zones are a  perfect example of the type of tax policy that creates that kind of  growth in our economy.   Opportunity zones were created under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act signed  by the President in December 2017. That bill stimulates economic  development and job creation across the country by incentivizing long- term investments in economically distressed neighborhoods. Last year,  more than 8,700 census tracts were identified as opportunity zones by  the Governors of each of the 50 States. These zones are home to  approximately 31 million Americans, or roughly 10 percent of the  population.   Even in just this short period, we are already seeing wage increases  within these economically distressed areas after their having been  designated as opportunity zones. For example, during the second and  third quarters of last year, our counties with a large presence of  opportunity zones experienced an annualized wage growth of 8 percent.  That is compared to other economically distressed counties that were  not designated as zones, which did not see a significant spike in  wages.   We are also seeing States across the country showing an interest in  opportunity zones, with at least 17 State legislators considering their  own opportunity zone measures at the State level.   Although States can't make direct investments into the Federal  opportunity zone projects, many are considering measures to encourage  initiatives such as solar energy or affordable housing. Even in my home  State of Iowa, cities such as Iowa City and Coralville have made local  investments in their economically distressed communities and are  actively recruiting investors for development projects in their  opportunity zone areas.   I also want to applaud the efforts of the Treasury Department to  provide much needed clarity for community leaders and investors. These  include two packages of proposed regulations dedicated to implementing  opportunity zone rules.   As the Treasury Department works to finalize these regulations and  provide other guidance, I will continue working with Secretary Mnuchin,  States and cities, and the investment community to ensure that  opportunity zones succeed in driving new business investment and  activity to America's low-income communities.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for the leader, I ask unanimous consent  that following disposition of the Wolson nomination, the Senate proceed  to legislative session and resume consideration of the veto message on  S.J. Res. 7, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, the objections  of the President to the contrary notwithstanding, with no intervening  action or debate, at 1:45 p.m., Thursday, May 2, and with 5 minutes of  debate prior to the vote under the control of Senator Menendez.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   