 Madam President, I want to first say thank you to my  colleagues Senator Warner and Senator Casey for joining me on the floor  today and also to Senator Jones, Senator Brown, Senator Kaine, and the  Presiding Officer for standing with all of us to protect the coal  miners.   When coal companies go bankrupt, coal miners' benefits are the bottom  of the priority list, which is why we are here today to introduce the  American Miners Act amendment to the appropriations minibus to protect  coal miners' pensions and healthcare.   At this time, I yield my time to my good friend from Virginia,  Senator Warner, and I will come back later.   Senator Warner.    Madam President, I thank Senator Warner. I appreciate  very much the hard fight to get in the middle of this with me and  everybody else that is in this room right now that is in this fight  because we have a lot of people's lives at stake.   I came to the floor and warned that, without passing this bill, the  American Miners Act, the UMWA pension fund would be insolvent by 2022,  and that timeline could be accelerated to within a year if one of the  major coal companies declared bankruptcy. Last night, that happened.   Murray Energy, the largest coal company in the United States, filed  for bankruptcy, making it the eighth coal company in the past 12 months  to do so. Murray Energy has contributed 97 percent of the money going  into the UMWA pension fund annually. With Murray's bankruptcy filing,  the UMWA pension fund will become insolvent even faster. They are  telling me, by this time next year, there will have to be drastic cuts  into people's pension checks and, if not, eliminated.   Most of those checks, I would remind everybody watching and  listening, are $600 or less, and most of them are for widows from their  husbands that have passed away. They still depend on them for their  basic necessities of life.   Once the United Mine Workers Pension fund becomes insolvent, this is  going to start the snowballing effect. The crisis will truly go into a  snowball effect and impact every other multiemployer and pension fund  for America.   To say that this does not affect all of America is wrong because  anybody that goes to work and pays into a benefit package, with their  employer matching it, is in this same condition and in this same  vulnerability. That is going to be another day that I am going to be  speaking about this and what we can do to prohibit that from happening  also.   That is why it is essential that we protect the coal miners' pensions  now--not next year, not the year after, but now--and the reason for  that is it is going to be too late if we do it any later than now.   The only problem is that we have a little bit of a stumbling block  with the majority leader, Senator McConnell. I know he is concerned  about other pensions. We are all concerned about other pensions, but  this is on the front burner now. When this happens, everything else  will tumble and snowball with it.   The American Miners Act would amend the current Surface Mining  Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer the funds. These are  funds that are in excess of the amounts needed to meet the existing  obligations under the Abandoned Mine Land fund.   So you know what AML is--the Abandoned Mine Land fund--for every ton  of coal that is mined, there is a certain percentage of that put aside  to take care of the reclamation that is going to be done if it is  abandoned so we don't leave the environment in a horrible shape, and  that is what we work towards.   This fund has some excess funds. We are still meeting those  obligations. We are using those excess funds to try to prevent this  insolvency. It also raises the cap on these fund transfers from $490  million a year to $750 million to make sure that the pension plan has  sufficient future funding also. The funding for coal miners' pensions  is already there. It is already there. This is the product that they  have worked and developed and basically extracted. So we are working in  the same realm of what their livelihood has been--and it is exactly  what our amendment will do--it will reallocate those funds that they  worked for.   Everybody that receives a paycheck, which is over 10.6 million hard- working men and women, they take home less wages and instead invest  their pensions. As I was telling you, they invest into these  multiemployer pension funds, and they take money out, and they expect  it to be there.   When it is not and the bankruptcy courts allow them to walk away, the  miners and the workers are put on the back burner, and that has got to  change. When workers expect the wages that they have contributed to be  there when they retire as they were promised and it evaporates, there  is no answer. It is all in bankruptcy. Because of the bankruptcy, they  are told that they are sorry they lost all the money they have  invested. It is not their fault. They gave the company everything they  had.   Under the current law, workers' pensions are not protected, and  executive and investment firms exploit the code to benefit from filing  for bankruptcy. If you have never read anything about bankruptcy, read  one case, Sears & Roebuck. If you want to find out the unraveling of  America and what happens to 250,000 workers that gave their life to  this company and how basically investors came in and raiders came in  and took advantage of every person's pension plan, that is the one case  you want to read, Sears & Roebuck.   That is why I am here today to introduce the American Miners Act as  an amendment to the appropriations minibus the Senate is voting on this  week because it is imperative that we do it now. We cannot wait.  [[Page S6222]]    Since the majority leader won't allow the American Miners Act to come  to the floor for a vote, which is his prerogative, my colleagues and I  are here today to introduce the American Miners Act as an amendment to  the appropriations minibus that the Senate is planning to pass this  week.   If we include the American Miners Act in the minibus, we would  protect coal miners' pensions now before it is too late, and we will  protect other pensions from starting to unravel and the snowball  effect. We will also protect the PBGC, which is a guarantee from the  Federal Government. If not, all of this is going to come into fruition,  which will be horrible for the workers of America, the most important  of the economy in this country, and a lot of people will be hurt by  that.   These coal miners and their families deserve peace of mind knowing  that the pension they paid into paycheck after paycheck is secure.  There are so many. Less than $600 is the average check of a miner's  retirement. Most of that is retired miners' widows. They have passed on  from the hard work they did. The widows are still there trying to  manage what they have, which is very small at times. This is just a  stifling of what they need, and to take this away will be very  detrimental to their lives, the quality of their lives, and the family.   We can give them that peace of mind today if we can agree, in a  bipartisan way, to do the right thing for the people that made America,  the working men and women, and especially the coal miners. They get up  every day, they go to work, and they produce the energy.   And I will say this: When you think about a coal miner and what they  have given and the families that committed and dedicated to live their  lives in these coal communities, they basically never complained. They  have done the heavy lifting. They mined the coal. They made these  buildings and built the guns and ships. They built the factories that  built the middle class. They have been there every step of the way from  this great country of the United States of America to become the super  power of the world, and we owe them at least to give them the money  back they paid into it.   It is not your taxpayer money but the money they paid into it. Don't  let somebody steal it. Wall Street doesn't have a right to that money,  but they have taken it as if it was their own little treasure chest. It  is just wrong.   We are introducing this amendment, and we hope that we have  bipartisan support. I would appreciate it very much. I appreciate my  dear friend from Pennsylvania, who has the same hard-working people.   It doesn't matter where your State is. If you have good, hard-working  coal miners and they and their families have sacrificed for this  country, they need a Senator such as Senator Casey.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, first of all, I thank Senator Casey  because he comes from the same coal mining regions that I come from and  the hard-working families and communities they have there. It is  unbelievable the commitment and dedication these people have had their  entire life  [[Page S6223]]  and the patriotism they have. Most of them have served. Most of them  have been there. Most of them will always be there.   In 1946, this promise was consummated by Congress and the President  of the United States, and all they have said, up until that time  there--my grandfather and all my family members working the mines--they  had nothing. So if you ever heard that song, ``I owe my soul to the  company store,'' they really did. There was never any money that  transferred. They had scrip, and by the time they buy everything from  the company store, their pay basically was eaten up. There was nothing  left.   In 1946, they said there has got to be more, and that is when it came  in. Truman was determined not to let this country fall into a recession  or a depression after the war by keeping the mines working because we  needed the energy for that. They have produced this energy in a  patriotic way every time. If we can't even keep our promise to them  through an act of Congress, then God help us all. That is what we are  here to ask for.    We implore all of our friends--the Senator from Wyoming is here now,  and he comes from a coal mining region. We are asking everyone just to  help us do the right thing for the working people who built this  country. That is what our request is, and it has to be done this week;  if not, I guarantee you this problem is going to grow much larger much  quicker and more than anybody wants to bite off and chew. I ask all my  colleagues to please help us get this miners act to the floor. We can  take care of this pension and keep other pensions from tumbling behind.   I yield the floor.   