 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Last December, in lockstep with our NATO allies, the U.S. determined  that Russia is in material breach of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear  Forces, or INF, Treaty. This followed determinations by the State  Department in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017 that Russia has failed to  comply with its INF obligations.   As one of only two parties in the agreement, and the only party  currently playing by the rules, the U.S. is subject to severe  restrictions on our military capabilities faced by no other nation on  Earth. This problem is especially acute in Asia, where the U.S. must  project power across vast distances and with enormous logistics chains.   While the original treaty was about intermediate-range nuclear  weapons, China has seized upon the potential of conventional missiles  of intermediate ranges, which are likewise banned under the INF. The  Chinese military has invested in thousands of conventional ground-based  missiles, roughly 95 percent of which would be prohibited by the treaty  if Beijing were a signatory.   This arsenal puts us on the wrong side of the cost competition. As  you can see from this chart from the nonpartisan Center for Strategic  and Budgetary Assessments, the U.S. military is dangerously outranged  at intermediate distances.   No matter how capable or affordable, our ships, fighters, and bombers  will never be cheaper than ground-based missiles. This is a recipe for  disaster, both in war and in peacetime competition.   Two years ago, to remedy this, Congress began R&D funding for ground- based conventional intermediate missiles. Now that the United States is  months away from a post-INF world, Congress is threatening to undo this  process by zeroing out R&D for these purely conventional missile  systems.   To be clear, early-stage R&D on intermediate missiles is allowable  under the treaty. It is why we have been doing it over the past 2  years.   The cuts contained in this bill already go beyond what is mandated by  the agreement. It would not only keep us unilaterally tied to a treaty  that no one else is honoring, but it would also expand the scope of our  commitment by blocking R&D funding.   Madam Chair, this is insanity. No other conventional weapons system  would ever be held to this standard. We wouldn't do it for planes. We  wouldn't do it for ships. We wouldn't do it for tanks. Yet, we are  doing it for missiles that would provide credible, dispersed, and  lethal firepower.   I understand that my colleagues, some on both sides of the aisle,  have concerns on nuclear weapons. I understand. I appreciate that. I  would welcome a conversation with any of my colleagues about  prohibiting R&D dollars from going toward intermediate-range nuclear  missiles.   But despite the INF name, this amendment has nothing to do with  nuclear weapons. This is all about conventional deterrence.   Go talk to the men and women who are downrange in the Indo-Pacific  Command who are, on a daily basis, dealing with the real-world  ramifications of an increasingly unfavorable  [[Page H4725]]  conventional military balance. They will tell Members, and, indeed,  they have told us on the Armed Services Committee, that deploying  intermediate-range conventional missiles in Asia would help increase  our deterrence and, therefore, improve our ability to avoid war, which  is what it is all about.   Madam Chair, I cannot be clear enough. By zeroing out R&D funding for  intermediate-range conventional missiles, this bill undermines our  ability to credibly deter aggression. Whatever we think about nuclear  weapons, these cuts make them more important to American defense  planning, not less, by reducing our options to restore growing  imbalances in conventional power.   This is a mistake that I fear will cost the United States in more  ways than one. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, which  would restore funding for R&D for intermediate-range conventional  missiles and provide the Department with the flexibility it needs to  pursue this critical capability.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I want to quickly say that a treaty that  no one else is abiding by is merely a suicide pact with ourselves.   Secondly, even if you disagree with my assessment of the INF, this  limits our ability to conduct R&D, which isn't prohibited by the  treaty.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Calvert).    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for his comments,  and I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for this  spirited debate.   I just would ask that we consider what we want the world to look like  in a post-INF environment, because that is where we are headed, and we  have multiple options we need to pursue. We are limiting ourselves. We  are taking a step backward if we do not approve this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman  from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, it is my privilege to offer my colleague,  Ms. Cheney's, amendment to restore badly needed funding for Trident II  Modifications relating to low-yield submarine-launched ballistic  missile warheads.   This amendment seeks to address an urgent operational requirement.  Russia has a nuclear doctrine known as escalate to deescalate. This  doctrine emphasizes using low-yield nuclear weapons against U.S. and  allied forces on the battlefield.  [[Page H4726]]    As the logic behind this doctrine goes, destroying large portions of  NATO forces with low-yield nuclear weapons would leave allied decision- makers with an unenviable decision between accepting Russian conquest  and the effective end of NATO, or launching strategic nuclear weapons  and ushering in a nuclear holocaust.   In other words, they put the onus of escalation and all of the  attendant international opprobrium on us.   I don't know about you, but that does not sound like a good choice to  me.   The Nuclear Posture Review is actually clear on this subject:  ``Expanding flexible U.S. nuclear options now, to include low-yield  options, is important for the preservation of credible deterrence  against regional aggression . . . will raise the nuclear threshold and  help ensure that potential adversaries perceive no possible advantage  in limited nuclear escalation, making nuclear weapons employment less  likely.''   Critics may argue that we have already had low-yield weapons in our  arsenal and we do not need a submarine-launched variant. They also  argue against displacing strategic weapons with low-yield options in  limited missile SSBN missile tubes.   But as the Nuclear Posture Review finds, sea-launched low-yield  weapons provide tangible advantages compared to dual-capable aircraft.   I quote again: ``A low-yield SLBM warhead and SLCM will not require  or rely on host nation support to provide deterrent effect. They will  provide additional diversity in platforms, range, and survivability,  and a valuable hedge against future nuclear `break out' scenarios.''   I just would emphasize, to close, the findings from the Nuclear  Posture Review are not partisan. This amendment is actually advancing a  bipartisan position.   Former Obama Secretary of Defense Ash Carter has gone on record  saying: ``My views are reflected in the latest Nuclear Posture  Review.''   Jim Miller, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy during the Obama  administration, has argued that ``Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis' 2018  Nuclear Posture Review offers continuity with past U.S. policy and  plans, including those in the 2010 NPR. It deserves broad bipartisan  support. Its proposal for a low-yield SLBM weapon and a new nuclear- tipped sea-launched cruise missile are sensible responses to changed  security conditions, especially Russia and North Korea.''   We have heard time and again from this body, rightly, that we need to  push back on Russian aggression. On this, we are unified as a body.  This is a tangible step to do so.   As General Hyten, head of U.S. Strategic Command, has argued, this  capability is: `` . . . necessary to our strategic deterrence mission  and will serve to disabuse any adversary of the mistaken perception  they can escalate their way to victory.''   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment on a  bipartisan basis, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from California  (Mr. Calvert) for his strong words in support.   Madam Chair, I urge all my colleagues to join us in standing up  against Russian aggression.   In order to implement the National Defense Strategy, we have to find  a way to move to conventional deterrence by denial as opposed to  putting all of our eggs in the basket of strategic deterrence by  punishment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   