 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the world is more dangerous today than at  any time in my lifetime. We face five threats across five domains:  China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and terrorism. The domains have  gotten very complicated--air, land, sea. Now we have to deal with cyber  and space.   But in that background, three times over the last 50 years, this  government, under the leadership of three different Presidents, has  disinvested its military significantly--under President Carter, under  President Clinton, and indeed under President Obama. They cut the  military by 25 percent at least in each one of those administrations.   The last one was extremely draconian. We saw the impact of that on  our readiness, the fact that our modernization program had been killed,  and we found ourselves falling behind what we ought to now call near- peer competitors. I would say they are peer competitors now. When you  look at the money China is spending on their military, when adjusted  for purchasing power parity, it is exactly the same as we are spending.  And they don't have the regulatory overhang and they don't have the  legacy costs we have here in the United States, so they can get things  done quicker and cheaper. In the meantime, the world continues to  become very dangerous.   Yet here we are in the second month of our fiscal year under a  continuing resolution. As we now are becoming educated about, this is  devastating our military and has been. This is the 187th time since the  1974 Budget Act was put into place that we have executed a continuing  resolution. It sounds really easy. Well, we can't get agreement on how  much to spend for the next year, so we will just keep spending at the  same level. Some businesses do that, but in this case with the U.S.  military, it is devastating because it locks them into existing  programs.   For example, we did an audit last year. It was the first audit in the  history of the United States of the Department of Defense--the third  largest line item on our expense sheet. We did an audit. In that audit  was found and identified by the Department of Defense $4 billion of  obsolete programs that nobody really wanted to keep and continue  spending on--$4 billion a year. So right now, under this continuing  [[Page S6533]]  resolution, not only are we not able to give a 3.5-percent pay raise-- the largest in 10 years--to our military, not only are we not able to  improve their housing, but right now we are obliged to keep spending $4  billion a year on obsolete programs that the Defense Department doesn't  even want. This is ludicrous.   Right now, I would say we are in gridlock. We had 88 votes here in  this Senate where we voted to approve the National Defense  Authorization Act several weeks ago--very bipartisan, negotiating in  committee. I was on the Armed Services Committee, and we took this very  seriously. We debated, and it was a definite fight, but we reached  compromise. We reached bipartisan agreement to support and defend our  military and to make sure they are able to do the things they want to  do to make us competitive and defend our country. Yet here we are, 6  weeks into this fiscal year, and we still don't have this year funded.  We are under a continuing resolution that devastates the military. For  six decades--58 years--each year we have been able to do that. Yet,  this year, we can't seem to come to an agreement because the House and  the Senate can't get together in conference and agree on exactly what  it is they want to do.   That is all window dressing. It is no more complicated than this: The  Democratic brethren in this body and in the House simply do not want to  allow this President to spend another dime on building a wall around  our southern border.   Let's put this in perspective. First of all, we have seen on this  floor just in the last 2 hours two different comments: Well, we all  know that building a border wall doesn't really work. It doesn't change  anything.   Well, that is absolute propaganda. Barack Obama built 135 miles of  wall. This body approved that. And wherever that wall was built,  illegal crossings at the southern border went down 95 percent. That is  not propaganda; that is fact. It is another example of the  obstructionism we have been witnessing here since the day this  President was sworn in.   On Inauguration Day, January 20, 2017, the headline of the Washington  Post was ``The campaign to impeach President Trump has begun.'' Since  day one, they have been obstructing this President. We saw that in the  confirmation process here. For the first time in 230 years, we saw the  minority party not waive the 30-hour debate rule and allow this  President to get his nominees confirmed. It has been the slowest ever.   So we sit here today not being able to build the space force that  both sides have agreed on. Eighty-eight people in this body agreed that  we need to go ahead and start spending money and doing that. We can't  do that. We can't put in the building blocks for the Advanced Battle  Management System, which is so important to deal with the modern fight.  We can't rebuild our nuclear triad, which is in absolutely critical  shape. We can't seem to get at our readiness right now because of the  lock we have, under this continuing resolution, on the existing  contracts out there. As was just mentioned a few minutes ago, we have  to go in and renegotiate all these contracts.   Last year was the first time we did not have a continuing resolution,  and there was such a sigh of relief inside our military because it was  the first time in a long time--over a decade--that they didn't have  that for the first quarter of the year.   This is devastating. It has become habit, and we have to stop it. It  is absolutely insidious. It is killing our military and keeping us from  doing the things that both sides want to do because of petty politics.   We need to modernize our force, and we need to do it right now. This  NDAA allows us to do that. We need to rationalize our expenditures to  make sure that every time we are spending on our military, it is  exactly what we should be spending it on.   We have a Volunteer Force, and we can never take that for granted. We  have to take care of our people in uniform wherever they are in the  world. That means working on their mental health, their physical  health, and their housing.   I come from a State that has nine military installations. We take  national defense very seriously in Georgia and always have.   People are concerned that this gridlock is endangering our country.  It is time that we get together, pass this NDAA, move on the  appropriations bill, and get this done. People back home are watching,  the people in our military are watching, and more importantly, our  potential adversaries are watching.   I yield the floor.   