 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for  yielding.   In 2016, HUD published a final rule, the Equal Access in Accordance  with an Individual's Gender Identity in Community Planning and  Development Programs rule requiring Community Planning and Development- funded single-sex projects ``to provide all individuals, including  transgender individuals and other individuals who do not identify with  the sex they were assigned at birth, with access to programs, benefits,  services, and accommodations in accordance with their gender identity  without being subjected to intrusive questioning or being asked to  provide documentation.''   This rule prohibits a HUD-funded shelter from providing for single- sex facilities based on an individual's gender at birth. There are  other rules that were put in place in the Obama administration,  similarly. None of these rules recognize that housing programs,  particularly faith-based facilities, ability to distinguish between  genders and an individual's marital status; both rules placing  vulnerable women at risk.    This administration announced a proposed rule that ``permits shelter  providers to consider a range of factors in making such determinations,  including: privacy, safety, practical concerns, religious beliefs, any  relevant considerations under civil rights and nondiscrimination  authorities . . . `' I could go on. It is a commonsense rule.   Yet, now, we are sitting here in an appropriations bill when we are  supposed to be figuring out how to fund the important, ailing  infrastructure of this country, housing and urban development, figure  out how to solve the problems in this country, while we have got a  border that is being overwhelmed every single day--yes, I am coming  back to that because it is the crisis of our day--and now we are  turning this into a gender-identity game.   The gentleman from South Carolina is properly trying to protect the  ability  [[Page H5056]]  of this administration to have a commonsense rule to ensure that people  are safe when we have got facilities in place and the Federal  Government has something to do it with. I applaud him for doing so.   I would ask my Democrat colleagues why we are not getting back to the  business of the day, making sure that we have strong infrastructure,  strong border security, and doing the job the American people actually  sent us to do instead of manufacturing social engineering and gender  identities.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from South  Carolina for yielding, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Missouri for her comments. I can't expound upon her eloquent comments  much more or the gentleman from South Carolina about the concerns that  we have with what has been put in this appropriations bill and why I  support the gentleman from South Carolina's amendment to make sure that  the Secretary of HUD has the ability to do his job and to do the right  thing.   I notice that my friend on the other side of the aisle mentioned the  Equality Act. Well, what I am hearing from my constituents in Texas is  they are concerned. They are concerned that were the Equality Act to be  passed out of the Senate, it would undermine the ability of their  daughters to compete. What we are seeing around the country is boys who  decide to declare themselves females run in races and make it  impossible for girls to compete. This is happening. We see it. It is  happening in real time.    I just wonder what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle think  is being accomplished with an Equality Act that turns on its head the  very idea and the very notion of what we have got with respect to the  differences between men and women and the ability to recognize that,  embrace it, and be able to have women compete in sports.   Here we are in this false name of equality blowing up the ability of  secretaries and people in the administration to make commonsense  determinations about how to house people, to make tough choices, and to  be able to figure out what to do. Heaven forbid they rely upon  biological sex to make that determination.   This is why my wife and I, who have been products of public schools K  through law school, have our children in a private school because we  keep getting our values blown to heck and common sense blown to heck in  schools where bathrooms suddenly become social engineering experiments.   That is what we see happening as a result of what is happening in the  body and what is happening in an appropriations bill.   