 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the American people expect us to come to this floor  with solutions, not political ``gotcha'' statements. The resolution  before us in this week's Democratic dosage of attack on the President  is just that. It doesn't do a darn thing to protect people with  preexisting conditions; not one thing.   In the opening day of the 116th Congress, House Republicans brought a  powerful, but simple, measure to the floor that called on this body to  legislate on what we all agree needs to be done: locking in protections  for patients with preexisting conditions.   Let me repeat. Republicans acted on day one of this Congress to  protect Americans with preexisting conditions. Democrats blocked that.   In fact, I introduced legislation which has 45 cosponsors that  protects people with preexisting conditions. Period. This is something  I have fought for my entire time in public service. It would lock in  existing protections for patients. It is before the Energy and Commerce  Committee, and I have worked since the first day of this Congress to  get this measure passed so that if the court decision that found  ObamaCare to be unconstitutional, if that judge's decision is upheld,  we want to make sure that our citizens who have preexisting conditions  still have coverage.   The legislation I have sponsored would do that. Republicans and  Democrats could get this done, and the question is: Why are we not  voting on that today?   Instead, Democrats have rushed a resolution to the floor that has  never had a hearing before the Energy and Commerce Committee. So much  for the talk about due process and regular order, Madam Speaker. No  hearing, and it was rushed to the floor.   We only got to see it for the first time last Friday. So it is little  more, in my opinion, than a political screed, not a public policy  proposal. It will never go to the Senate. It is only here. Americans  ought to know this, too: that the legal case working its way through  the courts did not immediately end ObamaCare and will not affect  insurance coverage on premiums for 2019.   Moreover, Democrat attorneys general and a couple of Republicans from  intervening States are already defending the law in this case, and the  judge's ruling has been appealed. This body has voted not once, but  twice, to allow Speaker Pelosi to intervene in the case, and she has  moved to do.   Just as my Democratic colleagues have repeatedly refused to let this  House approve protections for people with preexisting conditions, they  also know they could moot the lawsuit that they so decry today. All  they would have to do is bring a bill to the floor and vote to repeal  the individual mandate. That would turn off this lawsuit.   I am sure many on our side might be happy to join them in that  effort. And if the Democrats didn't want to do that, they could vote to  reinstate the individual mandate penalty. That, too, would moot the  lawsuit. But we are not doing that either.   So they had policy options that could have been brought to the floor,  three of them. Two would have ended the lawsuit that they decry today,  and one would have given rock-solid security to those with preexisting  conditions if the law is thrown out. There is no difference between us  or among us about protecting people with preexisting conditions.    But, unfortunately, they chose not to actually legislate. Democrats  control everything in this House. They decide what gets heard in  committee or, in this case, not, and what is brought to the floor, or  not. So it is clear they would rather play politics with healthcare and  attack the President for political purposes rather than work with us on  what could and should be bipartisan solutions.   A fact that my friends on the other side of the aisle must  acknowledge is, for many Americans seeking coverage, healthcare costs  keep getting more and more expensive. Last week, the Bend Bulletin, a  newspaper in my district, reported on a recent analysis by the Kaiser  Family Foundation about how insurance premiums are out of reach for  many older, middle-class residents of our area, particularly in rural  areas, including my home State.   They report: ``In central Oregon, for example, a 60-year-old  individual with an annual income of $50,000 must pay at least $703 a  month, representing 17 percent of his or her income, and that would  only buy a bronze plan with a deductible of $6,500.''   We should be focused on helping people like that be able to afford  insurance.   When the Affordable Care Act passed, Democrats promised people their  insurance premiums would actually go down by $2,500. For many in  America, that promise was false. For many Americans, healthcare costs,  health insurance premiums, and, certainly, deductibles and copays have  done nothing but gone up and up.   I was in Oregon over the weekend and held seven townhalls. Do you  know what I hear about when it comes to healthcare? That insurance  premiums are out of reach for too many of my constituents. And for  those who cannot afford the premiums, many make difficult choices, from  choosing which family members to cover, to changing jobs, or limiting  income in order to continue to qualify for subsidies. This is a real  problem. I think we can find a bipartisan solution if Democrats are  willing to work with us on it.   But, plainly, the current healthcare system for too many Americans is  not working. So we know we have more work to do, and I hope that our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle would agree with us that we  need to improve State markets that, in some part, were damaged by  ObamaCare; that we should work together to lower healthcare costs and  increase access to private health insurance.   In the Energy and Commerce Committee, actually, there are some things  we are working on, on drug costs. No President, in my memory, has ever  leaned farther forward to get drug costs down for American consumers  than President Trump. He has been an incredible leader in this effort,  and we are going to see bipartisan work get marked up tomorrow in the  Energy and Commerce Committee.   So on that topic of healthcare that is so crucial to survivability of  American consumers, we can move forward. We have proven that.   But, meanwhile, the American people need to fully understand that the  Democrats' one-size-fits-all, government-run plan itself would end the  Affordable Care Act. You have to admit that. That is what your  Medicare-for-all plan does.   They need to understand the $32 trillion price tag for the Democrats'  alternative and the tax increases that would be necessary to go with  it; the doubling of the individual income tax; doubling of corporate  tax; and providers would have to take a 40 percent reduction in their  payments.   Think of what the wait lines will be if that were to become law.  Americans need to know that when the Democrats Medicare-for-all plan  ends, employer-sponsored healthcare and your union plans you negotiated  for, 158 million Americans who have health insurance today, will lose  it tomorrow. They need to understand how they would have to wait longer  for access to care than they do today.   And for my older friends, they need to understand the worst-case  scenario. Seniors in America need to fully understand how this plan  does away with  [[Page H2959]]  popular Medicare Advantage plans and Medigap plans and impacts this  proposal would have on access to their doctors and an earlier  bankruptcy of Medicare altogether.   So we would be better served today, and so would the American people,  if we stood down, parked our partisan swords and shields, and worked  together to solve the real problems Americans face when they go to pay  their family bills.   I had lunch today with a couple from the southern part of my  district, professionals. They said the cost of health insurance for  them is so high they have had to make the choice not to have it.   This is going on every day in the marketplace, and I wish we could  come together and spend our time on this House floor with a solution we  could agree upon, because I think we could. But that is not what we are  doing today.   It is like every week there has to be a resolution on the floor to  condemn the President, something he said or did; not a policy proposal  that will actually solve the Nation's problems. That is all you are  dealing with today, another screed.   So let's work together. Let's come together as this Congress can, and  as the Energy and Commerce Committee has had a wonderful record of  doing over the years, and can going forward, to address healthcare and  other issues. We can do that.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  partisan, political resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time each  side has remaining.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to make a couple of comments.   First of all, the President is very good to work with, and we worked  in a bipartisan manner last Congress to address the Nation's opioid  epidemic. That is a healthcare issue and a life-and-death issue. We  passed 60 bipartisan bills that became law, and President Trump signed  them.   We extended health insurance for children in America--the CHIP  program, the Children's Health Insurance Program--for 10 years. That is  twice as long as ever had been done before. We did that on the Energy  and Commerce Committee, and the President signed that. In my State,  that is 122,700 Oregon kids and pregnant moms who are covered for  certainty for 10 years under that insurance program. We reauthorized  and fully funded community health centers. Now 240,000 Oregonians in 63  sites in my district get their healthcare from community health  centers, Madam Speaker, and we did that at a fully funded record level.   Now, I just want to address something my friend, the majority leader  who schedules bills on the floor, said about how we voted to repeal  ObamaCare 65 times. What he kind of failed to mention is Democrats  voted for not quite half of those, I would wager, because 25 of those  votes became law, signed in large part, if not totally, by one Barack  Obama, because there were problems in the Affordable Care Act or  ObamaCare, however you want to describe it, that this Congress  interceded on and in a bipartisan way voted to repeal ``ObamaCare.''  That is what the leader said, the 65 were all to repeal.   I would argue he probably voted for a bunch of those, because some of  them passed unanimously in the House and Senate. Even President Obama  agreed there were mistakes in ObamaCare. Our argument is we can fix  America's healthcare laws going forward, and we should.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr.  Gianforte), who is a terrific new Member of Congress and of the Energy  and Commerce Committee.    Madam Speaker, I continue to yield myself such time as I  may consume to say that I appreciate the gentleman's comments and share  them.   This is H.R. 692, legislation that would guarantee Americans with  preexisting conditions are not discriminated against. We have a lot of  cosponsors on this, but we don't have a single Democrat willing to  cosponsor a bill that would provide protection to Americans should this  judge's decision be upheld. That is my argument today.    Why wouldn't we go ahead and schedule this, pass this, and move this  to the floor so that if by some means this judge's decision is upheld,  Americans with a preexisting condition would have coverage?   Meanwhile, why don't we start hearings on the Medicare for All  proposal that Democrats have championed?   I have asked for those hearings from my friend. We have not seen that  happen, and I know there is a certain dust-up in the press even today  about alleging the Speaker's own staff person here may have been saying  things or not about whether this is a good idea or not.   We ought to have a hearing on that because close to 200 million  Americans might lose their insurance under this plan. So there is lots  we should be doing here.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I hope, before the Speaker of the House leaves, she  will listen to this.   I was moved by her story about a young child with a congenital heart  defect, but nobody is going to lecture me about the need to protect  people with preexisting conditions or the need to repeal the lifetime  caps.   Let me tell you a story about a young man with a heart defect.  February 7, 1994, he was born in Portland, Oregon, at Oregon Health  Sciences University, with hypoplastic left heart syndrome. It would  require immediate surgery and multiple surgeries to try to save his  life, or a complete heart transplant.   Tragically, that little boy did not live long enough to be flown to  Loma Linda Hospital in California for that heart transplant.   His name: Garrison Daniel Walden. He died the next day.   Madam Speaker, nobody is going to tell me about the need to protect  people with preexisting conditions. Nobody is going to lecture me about  the need to get rid of caps on lifetime. My wife and I dealt with those  issues directly, and I will always stand up for people who face similar  challenges.   That is not what this is about today, and you can laugh if you want.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Rice) from the Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina  for his comments.   Mr. Speaker, I would just point out Gallup just announced in a  survey, 65 million Americans, 20 percent, put off treatment this last  year and borrowed $88 billion to cover their healthcare costs. So we  know there are problems out there we need to address.   Mr. Speaker, could I inquire as to how much time each side has  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Austin Scott).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter), our resident pharmacist on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor and privilege to yield  2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican  whip of the House, and an incredibly important member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I think we have had a very important debate  today. I just wish that that debate had occurred on H.R. 692. This is  the legislation that we should put in place in case the decision that  the judge made in the Texas case that said ObamaCare was  unconstitutional is upheld. If that is upheld, then there is going to  be this problem, this gap that everybody is talking about.   This is an honest attempt to make sure there is a safety net for  people with preexisting conditions, H.R. 692. You are welcome to  cosponsor it. I wish we would move it. I always think maybe it is the  old Eagle Scout in me that you are always supposed to be prepared and  ready and that you help people.   I will tell you, Republicans also believed we should take care of  people with preexisting conditions. Republicans also supported getting  rid of lifetime caps on insurance policies and many of the other things  you have heard about today, and we will continue to.   But we also led the effort to deal with the Nation's opioid crisis,  made it  [[Page H2967]]  bipartisan, brought it to the floor, and it became law.   When seniors couldn't afford their medicines, it was Republicans,  under George W. Bush, who put Medicare part D into law, and we had to  fight Democrats to do that. Then seniors didn't have to go to Mexico or  Canada or somewhere to get their drugs anymore. It has been highly  successful. The costs are 40 percent or more less than what the  Congressional Budget Office said it would be, and premiums have  remained low. Now we need to do some modernization there.   Republicans also passed the longest extension of children's health  insurance in the history of the country: 10 years, fully funded.  Democrats voted against it over and over again on this House floor less  than a year ago.   Community health centers, an incredibly important part of our  network, I led the effort to get them funded at the highest levels  ever. That funding is going to run out, but we don't have a plan from  the Democrats yet. We are told we are not even going to have a budget  on how to go forward. I think we can find bipartisan consensus there.   We are working together right now and will have a markup tomorrow in  the Energy and Commerce Committee to address the drug issue and the  cost of drugs. As I said earlier, I can't remember a President of the  United States more engaged in getting better prices for consumers than  this one. Donald Trump has led the country in an initiative to drive  down the cost of drugs, and Congress is responding in a bipartisan way,  and that is a good thing. We should do that here, Mr. Speaker.   The resolution before us today, if you are just watching or listening  to my colleagues, is just that. it is a resolution. It will never leave  the House because it is only for the House. It is the taxpayer-funded  equivalent of a press release; that is all it is.   And we know that there are Members who never have accepted the  outcome of the 2016 election, and no matter what the President says or  does, they want to do a resolution or attack him. Yet the American  people want us to come here and get our work done and stand up for  them.   So rather than that resolution, I genuinely wish that H.R. 692, a  bill that would protect people with preexisting conditions, was what we  were voting on today. We stand ready to work with Democrats to get that  done and provide that safety net that these Americans need.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to this resolution, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I'd like to make a few comments on my bill,  H.R. 692, known as the Pre-Existing Conditions Protection Act of 2019.   As we've made clear today, Republicans have long believed that pre- existing condition protections are an essential part of our nation's  health care markets.   These assurances give patients and families who have suffered from or  are battling pre-existing conditions peace of mind. As a nation, we  will not go back to the days when patients could be denied care or  charged more than their peers because of their pre-existing condition.   The Pre-Existing Conditions Protection Act has 45 cosponsors and  would lock in existing protections for patients.   It aims to achieve three important goals for patients: guaranteed  access to coverage; a prohibition on pre-existing condition benefit  exclusions; and, a ban on premium rating based on health status.   This bill reaffirms the commitment by House Republicans to uphold  these three safeguards, commonly defined as the principle pre-existing  condition protections in Obamacare.   And we can build on this foundation if necessary to adapt to  potential changes in law or decisions from the courts in order to  ensure our citizens who have pre-existing conditions are protected.   In the first few months of the new Congress, Democrats have already  voted down multiple attempts to lock in a commitment to legislate on  pre-existing condition protections. Instead, they'd rather score  political points on an issue that we actually have agreement on.   This bill represents the desire of House Republicans to maintain  these crucial protections for patients.   