 Mr. President, on Monday, I was in El Paso, TX, to talk  with some of my constituents about the challenges that exist along our  southwest border and how we can work together to address them.   It is almost surreal to have people here in Washington, DC, who have  never been to the border and whose, perhaps, only supposed knowledge is  from novels they have read or movies they have seen. Having spent quite  a bit of time along the border of Texas and Mexico, myself, I can tell  you it is a unique part of our country and certainly a unique part of  my State.   The people you learn the most from are not the elected officials who  serve here in Washington but rather from the Border Patrol, the  sheriffs, the mayors, and countless others who live and work along the  border. They can provide, I think, the kind of expert knowledge that we  need in order to address the challenges that exist.   What they tell me and what I have learned is that there is no one- size-fits-all, because you can look at urban environments, like El  Paso, or you can go out to Big Bend, which has thousands-of-feet-high  cliffs overlooking the Rio Grande. Obviously, a physical barrier in one  place, like in highly trafficked urban areas, is one situation, but  putting it atop a 3,000-foot cliff is another. So no one-size-fits-all  solution works.   That is why it is important to listen to the stakeholders who live  and work in these communities, and this is key to actually doing  something with the feedback they provide. What I have constantly been  reminded of is that border security is a combination of three parts:  physical barriers in some hard-to-control locations, personnel, and  technology. What is best for a high-trafficked urban area, as I said,  is probably much different than what is good for the vast expanses  between the ports of entry. Figuring out what we need or where we need  it is not a decision that ought to be micromanaged in Washington. It  should come from the experts who know the threats and challenges along  every mile of the border.   While I was in El Paso, we also talked--as we must--about the  important role the border plays with our economy. Border communities in  Texas depend on people and goods moving legally through our ports.   For example, in Laredo, TX, alone, about 14,000 trucks pass each day  through the ports of entry. It is one of the largest if not the largest  land-based port in the United States. These goods need to move legally  through our ports, and any disruption in legitimate international  commerce can have a swift impact on these communities.   For the people of El Paso, for example, border security means much  more than just safety. It means economic security as well. Just as it  is important to keep the bad actors out, it is equally important to  promote efficient transit through our ports for legitimate trade and  commerce.   On Monday, I also had a chance to reconnect with my friend Mayor Dee  Margo, the Mayor of El Paso. Among other things, we talked about the  importance of ensuring that in our efforts to create a strong border,  we are not neglecting our ports of entry.   In recent months, a number of El Paso Sector Customs officers have  been sent to other high-need areas along the U.S.-Mexico border. The  personnel shortage has resulted in increased wait times for both  pedestrian traffic and commerce. Certainly, fewer CBP agents mean a  reduced vigilance in terms of screening out contraband and other things  that we don't want coming into the country. The goods moving through  the ports in El Paso fuel not just the local economy, as I said, but  also that of the entire State of Texas--and, I would argue, of the  Nation. I share the mayor's concerns on the harmful impact these  slowdowns at the ports of entry can have.   As we debate the importance of securing our borders to stop the  illegal movement of people and goods, we shouldn't neglect the  importance of facilitating legal movement through our ports. We need to  do both, whether that means providing additional funding for  infrastructure improvements or scanning technology to make sure the  ports of entry aren't exploited by drugs in vehicles or other places  where they are hard to find. In the absence of scanning technology, if  we are unable to find them, the cartels win, and the American people  lose. We also know that in addition to that technology, we need  additional personnel.   I hope my colleagues listen to the feedback that we have all gotten  from the experts and these local stakeholders and take seriously the  economic impact on our ports of entry as well.   As I said yesterday, I look forward to reviewing the details of the  funding agreement struck by the conference committee, and I hope that,  in addition to physical barriers where appropriate, it reflects these  principles of smart border security, because when we listen to the  experts--the law enforcement officials who work along the border and in  the communities--that is when we move in the right direction, spending  money in a responsible and smart way rather than just pursuing  political agendas from Washington.   