 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7, the Paycheck  Fairness Act, long overdue legislation to close the gender wage gap and  ensure equal pay for equal work.   Too many Americans are not making enough to make ends meet, living  paycheck to paycheck. We need to focus on strategies to raise family  incomes. H.R. 7 does just that.   H.R. 7 would limit pay secrecy, expand pay data collection, and  create more employer accountability for pay differences. This  legislation will build upon and improve the work of President Kennedy,  who signed the Equal Pay Act, and President Obama, who signed the Lilly  Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.   Despite the progress we have made over the last 50 years, women are  still earning less than their male counterparts across age, race, and  socioeconomic groups. This stubborn wage gap, often exacerbated by  employer-imposed pay secrecy policies, makes it clear that we must be  intentional in our efforts to address persistent pay disparity.   On average, women working full time lose a combined total of more  than $900 billion every year due to the wage gap. If the annual gender  gap were closed, a working woman would have enough money for an  additional 13 months of childcare, a year of college tuition, more than  1 year's worth of food, or an additional 10 months of rent.   Equal pay is not simply a women's issue. It is a family issue. When  women bring home less money each day, it means they have less to take  care of their family, including for groceries, rent, childcare, and  healthcare.   Opponents of this legislation argue--we just heard it--that this is a  gift to attorneys representing employees and that their fees should be  severely limited. Remember, rights are easily disregarded and violated  if you don't have the ability to enforce those rights.   This argument made by opponents is simply an attempt to avoid talking  about the pervasiveness of wage discrimination. It is an attempt to  decrease enforcement of the Fair Labor Standards Act and to lessen the  penalties for employers who engage in discriminatory practices. If  nothing else, we should call it out for what it is.   We know that when women succeed, our country thrives. The Paycheck  Fairness Act will take us forward to ensuring economic security for  working women.   I want to end by acknowledging the extraordinary leadership of Rosa  DeLauro, the Congresswoman from Connecticut who has spent so much of  her life dedicated to this issue.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 7.   