 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss the importance of strong U.S.  diplomatic engagement to counter aggression from our adversaries.   The World Expo is the largest diplomatic exhibition and an invaluable  opportunity to demonstrate American leadership to an audience of over  25 million visitors. The United States has proudly participated in the  World Expo since 1851 and has hosted 11 expos.   Over a 6-month period, the United States will showcase our values and  our commitment to rule of law. Without the United States' attendance at  important international forums like the World Expo, we risk losing out  to countries like China and Russia.   In fact, China has committed over $100 million for their  participation in the 2020 World Expo with the goal of promoting their  Belt and Road Initiative. And get this: Huawei 5G technology is the  provider for the whole World Expo. They have also signaled interest in  competing to host a future expo.    China is at the forefront of our strategic long-range diplomatic,  security, and economic policies here in Washington. We must stop  Communist China from achieving global dominance. Make no mistake. This  is their goal.   Under Xi Jinping's leadership, the Chinese Communist Party is  challenging America's leadership like never before; stepping up  territorial aggression against our partners and allies, openly engaging  in unfair and illegal business practices, and exporting authoritarian  ideologies across the globe.   Xi Jinping's Belt and Road Initiative and associated debt traps have  set the stage for economic and diplomatic coercion and military  expansion. That is one of the reasons I introduced the BUILD Act last  Congress--and through bipartisan support it got passed and was signed  into law--that creates the United States International Development  Finance Corporation.   If we, the American government, are not there, how can we compete  against China's Belt and Road Initiative?   As part of this program, China has tried to build military bases in  the South Pacific to cut us off from partners like Australia and New  Zealand, and they are going to continue this expansion.   In Africa, they have a military base next to ours in Djibouti. China  has even made major roads in the Western Hemisphere, controlling both  sides of Teddy Roosevelt's Panama Canal.   I was down in the countries of Chile and Argentina not too long ago,  and China is looking and trying to push really hard to bring 5G cable  from China to South America. This is something that American leadership  cannot--we cannot stand by idly. And if we are not there at the World  Expo to promote our U.S. International Development Finance Corporation,  how else are we going to get this word out? This is something that is a  national security interest.   In addition, China has also cornered the market on rare earth  minerals. They control over 85 percent of the API, which is the active  pharmaceutical ingredients, in all the vitamins, antibiotics, and drugs  that we take. They have 100 percent of the vitamins and minerals used  in our livestock feed. China, when they ship that product back, it is  impure. It doesn't meet FDA standards.   China has been at the forefront of 5G technology, as I mentioned. In  fact, Huawei, which the U.S. has deemed a national security threat, has  received the contract for this expo.   As we work to combat this continued and ever-increasing aggression,  we must ensure that our partners know the United States intends to  remain present.   The United States' absence at important international forums like the  World Expo only gives China the opportunities to spread their ideals;  ones they claim are merely ``socialism with Chinese characteristics.''  But make no mistake, it is communism through and through.   We cannot let China fill a void left by the United States. The stakes  are too high.   And understand this: If the United States doesn't show up--there are  only two countries that don't show up. One is the United States and the  other is Syria. I don't want to be in that category.   This is a bill that we ask everybody to support. It is good for  America. It is good for American business, and it is great for national  security.  [[Page H8587]]    Madam Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   