 Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my  colleagues in the North Carolina delegation, to remember and honor the  life of Representative Walter Jones, Jr., a treasured colleague, a  conscientious public servant, and a personal friend to many across this  Chamber.   Walter died on February 10, his 76th birthday. He lived a life full  of service: 4 years in the North Carolina National Guard, 10 years in  the North Carolina General Assembly, and nearly a quarter century in  the U.S. House of Representatives.   Walter and I met long before either of us served in the House. We  worked together on the North Carolina Presidential campaign of Jimmy  Carter in 1976. I have a photo on my desk of a very youthful-looking  campaign team to prove it.   Walter went on to chart a different course politically, a course that  was uniquely his own. In fact, he found himself frequently at odds with  if not one party, then the other. But by the same token, he sometimes  found possibilities for alliances and cooperation in unexpected places  and did not hesitate to take those opportunities.   This approach was rooted in Walter's strong conscience and his  personal sincerity. He stood out in an age when sincerity is sometimes  in short supply in our Nation's politics, earning him respect and  admiration on both sides of the aisle. The outpouring of tributes and  remembrances we have seen in recent days is a testament to that fact.   Much has been said about the personal encounters Walter had with  veterans of the Iraq war and the families of those who never returned,  and how these encounters led him to reassess his past and present  policy stances.   Walter sent over 10,000 letters to families of fallen troops, and he  memorialized those who died from North Carolina's Camp Lejeune with  photos outside his office.   Walter's determined and effective voice for our military--certainly,  the Marines especially--and his deep love for his home State of North  Carolina will be missed in these halls and in the coastal, farming, and  military communities that make up the Third Congressional District.   We extend heartfelt condolences to Walter's wife, Joe Anne; his  daughter, Ashley; his loyal staff; and the countless friends,  neighbors, and community members whose lives he touched along the way.  Our State, our Nation, and the institution of Congress will be poorer  without him.   We will miss Walter's reliable and cordial presence right here in  this center aisle.   Mr. Speaker, before we observe a moment of silence in Walter's honor,  I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), the senior  Republican in the North Carolina delegation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  those remarks.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Massie).    Mr. Speaker, I ask that we observe a  moment of silence.   