 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Rutherford for  yielding to me to speak today.   This week is Police Week, a time to honor our brothers and sisters in  the blue and brown. Every day law enforcement officers--local, county,  State, and Federal--walk out of their homes leaving their loved ones  behind and put their own lives on the line for the safety and security  of others. They are our last line of defense, the protectors of our  communities, and I am so honored to have served alongside some of these  brave men and women.   As a local law enforcement officer with the Duluth, Minnesota, Police  Department for 22 years, I have seen and experienced firsthand the  violence committed against law enforcement officers, those who are only  there to uphold the law and improve the safety of our communities. That  is why I have cosponsored legislation like the Thin Blue Line Act and  the Protect and Serve Act, which hold the perpetrators of these heinous  crimes accountable.   So, now, more than ever, we must show our support for our law  enforcement officers. We must make a commitment to them as they have  committed to our friends, our families, and our communities. I am happy  to stand here today with so many of my colleagues to show our support  for the men and women in the blue and brown. I look forward to working  with them in the 116th Congress to advance legislation that will  support them, both when they are in and out of uniform.   The men and women in law enforcement deserve our respect, our  admiration, and our prayers and love every single day, 365 days a year,  24 hours every day.   I stand before you, Madam Speaker, having done a total of 23 years in  law enforcement. I can tell you that the men and women whom I served  alongside with, I would go into any dangerous situation with them. We  love our law enforcement officers, and we love their families.   This Congress stands ready to defend them and their needs, their  requests, and any help they need from this Congress.   