 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for  yielding.   This debate over securing our border has become a debate over the  morality of our efforts, and I welcome that debate. But if we are to  debate this issue of border security on the basis of morality, it is  fair for us not only to ask how this issue affects our own Nation, but  to look across our border and see how our national policy affects those  beyond our borders.   For those of us who live near our southern border, we understand all  too well the effects of the criminal cartels who profit from abusing  our Nation's generous immigration laws.   When I visited the Rio Grande Valley just recently, a rancher with  land on the border described the situation, saying that he finds dead  migrants on his land all the time.   In my hometown of Victoria, Texas, 19 migrants died of suffocation  and overheating after being trapped in the back of a trailer abandoned  by a smuggler with a callous disregard for human life.   But beyond our borders, these cartels carry an outsized influence in  Mexico and in developing nations in Central America. We know that  cartels profit from smuggling drugs and humans across the border. They  siphon oil from pipelines. They extort families and businesses and  kidnap for profit.   The barbarism of these criminal cartels has led to 150,000 homicides  in Mexico, alone, since 2006. They have worked their corrupting  influence into the halls of government and law enforcement, hindering  the people of these nations from developing and realizing the blessings  of liberty for themselves.   Our Federal Government's unwillingness to control our border allows  cartels to amass profits of tens of billions of dollars each year  smuggling drugs and humans into our country, with a devastating toll on  the most vulnerable in our Nation. Our lack of border security allows  these criminal cartels to wield their corrupting influence in a way  that makes positive change so difficult in these developing countries.   Unfortunately, like too many issues these days, border security has  become a divisive and a partisan issue when, historically, this has had  broad support. But there should be nothing partisan about ending a  humanitarian and criminal crisis that is driven by cartels and enabled  by our Federal Government's failure to act.   Congress has a responsibility to protect the citizens of our country  and to end the humanitarian crisis on our southern border, and it is  past time to reform our broken asylum system and secure the border.   