 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1644.   One of the greatest aspects of the internet is its potential to be an  equalizer for small businesses that might not otherwise have resources  to set up a brick-and-mortar shop. The internet provides them with the  means to reach customers around the world. For students who want to  learn how to code but whose schools can't afford such classes, the  internet opens the door for them. And for veterans who would otherwise  have to drive hours to receive healthcare services, the internet gives  them the ability to consult with their doctors wherever they are.   All of this is only possible if internet access is unfiltered, and  that is not the case today. Today, we don't even have a free and open  internet because Trump's FCC has repealed net neutrality protections  and set our country on a path backwards.   More than 8,000 of my constituents have written to me and called to  express their opposition to elimination of these protections.   I also held a net neutrality townhall, where people came from all  over my district. They were of different ages, occupations, and  backgrounds, but they all had something in common: They overwhelmingly  wanted strong net neutrality protections.   I have listened to my constituents, and that is why I am fighting  hard to restore these crucial protections, and that is why I became an  original cosponsor of the Save the Internet Act.   We have an opportunity today to pass legislation that would offer  real protections for constituents. This legislation is simple. It takes  an approach that accounts for the internet of today and tomorrow, and  it provides certainty for Americans across the country.   This act will curb monopolistic behavior that would gradually  strangle the internet. I am afraid of corporate takeover of the  internet.   My friend, the minority whip, spoke about how the Telecom Act of 1934  was passed to curb the monopolies of the large telephone corporations.  Today, the situation is similar. The ISPs are large, and they are  consolidating with content providers, a ripe situation for monopoly.   Americans hate monopolies.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1644.   