 Mr. President, I rise to express my deep concern over the  constant attacks on women's health we are seeing all across America.  From this administration's policies, to Donald Trump's judicial  nominees, to Governors and legislators in States like Alabama, Georgia,  and Missouri under Republican leadership--they are denying women their  constitutional right to make their own personal and healthcare  decisions.   Women and their healthcare should not be under constant threat. We as  a nation have made great efforts to promote equal rights for women and  men. In this Congress, we will celebrate the 100th anniversary of  women's suffrage. It took a long time for women to get the right to  vote, and we continue to make progress on equality. Yet, in the 21st  century, the Trump administration continues to push and adopt policies  that are setting this country and women in a wrong direction.   The Supreme Court made it clear in Griswold v. Connecticut and Roe v.  Wade that there is a constitutional right to privacy that includes  making healthcare decisions such as the use of contraception and the  right to access abortion.   Through advancements in women's health and access to contraception  and education, the number of unintended pregnancies has significantly  been reduced, with a corresponding reduction in abortion. Yet we see  Republican leaders trying to reverse the advancements our Nation has  made in women's health, access to contraception, and education.   For nearly 50 years, the Supreme Court has upheld the legal precedent  of Roe v. Wade, including its affirmation in Planned Parenthood v.  Casey in 1992. In that case, the Supreme Court held that ``our law  affords constitutional protection to personal decisions relating to  marriage . . . contraception, family relationships, child rearing, and  education. . . . These matters, involving the most intimate and  personal choices a person may make in a lifetime, choices central to  personal dignity and autonomy, are central to the liberty protected by  the Fourteenth Amendment.''   The Court prohibited States from passing statutes that placed undue  burdens on a woman's right to make her own healthcare decisions. Yet  Republican leaders continue to introduce and pass laws that interfere  with a women's autonomy over her health and well-being.   Last week, for instance, the Republican Governor of Alabama signed a  bill into law banning almost all abortions in that State, with no  exceptions for the cases of rape or incest. The law not only prosecutes  women, but it also includes unprecedented criminal penalties against  doctors, threatening them with life in prison for treating women. The  Alabama law exposes doctors to felony charges punishable by up to 99  years in prison for providing or attempting to provide an abortion,  making this the most extreme ban of its kind to pass in nearly 30  years.   Since the beginning of 2019, bills attempting to restrict abortion  have been filed in 45 States, including Alabama, Missouri, and Georgia.   Earlier this year, Georgia's Republican Governor signed a 6-week ban  into law that would make it illegal for women to terminate a pregnancy  and a doctor to perform the termination after a fetal heartbeat is  detected. I must tell you, many women don't even realize they are  pregnant at 6 weeks.   The Alabama and Georgia bills impose burdensome and medically  unnecessary limitations on women and their doctors, particularly those  in low-income, medically underserved areas. The bills harm women who  are victims of sexual assault and minors who are victims of incest.  These provisions appear to be designed to perpetrate a culture of not  believing women and trying to discredit the victims of assault.   It is hard to understand how many Republicans are talking about  getting Big Government out of people's lives but not when it comes to  one of the hardest and most intimate decisions a woman can make--a  decision that she wishes to make between herself and her doctor. In  those circumstances, these same colleagues believe that Big Government,  and not the woman herself, knows better. They believe that government,  and not the woman, should dictate whether she can or cannot have  control of her own body. They believe that government should have the  power to force a woman to forgo a medically necessary procedure. They  believe that women should be stripped of that power and stripped of the  choice to decide what is best for herself. Many believe that even in  cases of incest and rape, where the woman is a victim of a crime, that  the woman should be compelled to bear the child against her will and  bring the pregnancy to term. Talk about being intrusive.   Basically, the rights of women are being trampled to death. I thought  we had gotten beyond that, and now we see that we are moving in the  wrong direction.   Empowering women is one of the most important things we can do for  the future of our country. Core to women's constitutional liberties is  autonomy over their own health and well-being. If we truly want to  support women, we need to safeguard and improve, not limit, access to  comprehensive healthcare.   I hope we can all agree that on this 100th anniversary of women's  suffrage, we should be looking at ways to remove discrimination based  upon sex and not moving in the wrong direction by taking away from  women their right to make their own healthcare decisions.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   