 Mr. Speaker, today, I am proud to rise in support as  the lead Republican sponsor of H.R. 1414, the FinCEN Improvement Act of  2019.   I thank my colleague and fellow Member from the Commonwealth of  Virginia, Representative Jennifer Wexton, for her work on this  legislation. This bill is a tangible example of what Congress can  accomplish when we put aside our differences and work together.   FinCEN, or the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, is a critical  component of law enforcement, as the agency is charged with promoting  national security by safeguarding our financial system.   Terrorists, drug smugglers, human traffickers, and other criminal  actors are constantly innovating and creating new ways to exploit the  system. Bad actors know the current limitations of law enforcement and  how to profit immensely from our weaknesses as they are constantly  developing their tactics, techniques, and procedures, or TTPs, based on  our security posture.   It is FinCEN's mission to cut the head off the snake and combat  illicit financing of these activities. This bill will strengthen FinCEN  in three key areas.   First, it strengthens FinCEN by codifying the domestic  responsibilities of combating illicit finance. We know all too well the  danger international terrorists pose, but it is equally important that  we police criminal financial activity domestically as well. By  reinforcing FinCEN's domestic mandate, we are sending a message to all  Americans that we will not tolerate criminal activity either at home or  abroad.   Second, this bill adds Tribal law enforcement to the list of FinCEN  partners. By ensuring robust and comprehensive law enforcement  partners, we are equipping the agencies charged with safeguarding our  financial system with the necessary tools and information to execute  their mission. Partnering with Tribal law enforcement closes a  potential loophole that terrorists can use to inject illicit money into  the system.   Finally, and perhaps most importantly, this bill clearly incorporates  cryptocurrencies and other emerging technologies that substitute for  currency.   As financial technology, or fintech, evolves, so do the opportunities  for criminals to take advantage of the financial system. We must ensure  that our law enforcement agencies have a clear directive from Congress  to take on all challenges and risks facing our financial system.   Mr. Speaker, today, I ask all my colleagues in the people's House to  join me and Ms. Wexton by voting in favor of this legislation.   