 Madam Chair, I thank my friend for yielding.   Madam Chair, today I rise in strong support of the Ruppersberger- Carter amendment to help secure the energy infrastructure. Now is the  time to address electrical grid security. Grid attacks are a powerful  weapon in the cyber toolkit of really bad actors.   As the two previous speakers said, a cyberattack in Ukraine wiped out  their power grid, and over 225,000 people were without power. The  Office of the Director of National Intelligence in their 2019 Worldwide  Threat Assessment makes numerous mentions of our adversaries' mapping  out grid systems, identifying our weaknesses, and developing the very  real and deadly capacity to attack our grid system. A targeted attack  on our Nation could be devastating.   Securing our energy infrastructure is especially critical in Texas  which maintains an independent electric grid.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to  the amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment.    Madam Chair, the Electric Reliability Council of  Texas is located in Taylor, Texas, which is about 19 miles from my  house, and it manages 90 percent of my home State's electrical load.  Understanding where our system's weak spots are will enhance ERCOT's  work to ensure that we have the most stable and secure energy network  in the world.   Our amendment addresses the serious topic of electrical grid security  by leveraging the unique aspects of national laboratories to establish  solutions to defend the United States energy grid from attacks and to  ensure the resiliency of operation during and after an event.   It establishes a 2-year pilot program to study and identify new  classes of security vulnerabilities, and research and test technologies  that could be used to isolate the most critical systems from  cyberattacks.   It creates working groups to develop a national cyber-informed  strategy to protect our energy grids.   This amendment is a commonsense approach to solving grid security. I  am proud to work across the aisle with my good friend and colleague,  Dutch Ruppersberger, on this important issue.   Madam Chair, I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   