 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect  to the Dhillon nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and that the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, this week is Small Business Week.   For over a half a century now, the country has officially recognized  Small Business Week, but in our country, small businesses have always  accounted for and still account for most of the jobs created-- certainly, for most of the new jobs created. In Missouri, that is  absolutely the case. We ought to be doing all we can to create an  environment in which people can get those new jobs and often get their  first jobs, and I think we are doing that.   There is nothing better for small business than a strong overall  economy. Almost daily now, we see some new number that sets a new  record for the last 40 years or maybe for the last 50 years. In the  case of the unemployment number, just this week, for the 13th month in  a row, we have had more jobs available than people who have been  looking for work, and that had never happened a single time--not one  single time--until 13 months ago. The best thing, obviously, for small  business is to be part of a growing economy, a vibrant economy. We are  seeing that, and there are reasons for that.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 is one of those. Almost every small  business now pays less in taxes on its business than it did before.  Businesses are allowed to fully deduct the cost of new equipment so  they can reinvest and reinvent and grow their businesses. That means  more jobs.   The tax cuts also allow people to keep more of their money, and that  means they have more of their money to spend. In my State of Missouri,  we found that in the first 12 months of the tax cut--so these numbers  are now about 6 months old, and I think, if anything, they have gotten  better--the sales tax and use tax were up 2.5 percent.   We know the last quarter of the overall gross domestic product was up  3.2 percent, but 2.5 percent of real growth in just tax income is one  of the ways one measures whether people are spending their money or  not, and they are.   People in this economy feel more confident about their jobs, and that  makes a big difference. In the previous 8 or 10 years, the fear that  people had of losing their jobs has really gone. People now go to work  believing there is a better chance they will get promotions than they  will lose their jobs, and that makes a real difference. So we have done  things that are helpful in cutting taxes.   We have also done things that are helpful in reducing regulation. The  President has been particularly helpful in leading the recovery after  removing regulatory redtape. Actually, small businesses are much more  affected by regulatory redtape than are big businesses. Big businesses  can hire somebody to go through the regulations and stay totally  focused on that, and small businesses can't. If you are afraid you are  going to violate some Federal regulation, you are less likely to go  ahead and make the kind of investment you would like to make than you  otherwise would be. We have also created more access to credit by  cutting down some of the overregulation of community banks.   There is more we ought to be doing. One thing we could have that a  lot of small businesses could really benefit from is the New Markets  Tax Credit Program. This is a program that was first authorized in  2000. It encourages investment in high-poverty areas or in low-income  areas. Again, in Missouri, 42,000 new jobs have been created as a  result of the New Markets Tax Credit Program. The other day, I went to  the first new supermarket since 1968 in North St. Louis. This new  supermarket opened because it was able to use the New Markets Tax  Credit Program. It is a program we clearly need to extend. Once again,  I and Senator Cardin, from Maryland, introduced that legislation, and  we hope that can happen.   On the health front, there is nothing better for small business than  the idea of association health plans. It has been challenged in court,  but I will tell you what. In Missouri, we have had experience with this  for a long time. It does work. It just, frankly, makes sense. If you  are a small restaurant owner, you are not going to have as good a  program for your employees as if you could get that program through the  Missouri Restaurant Association, through the National Restaurant  Association, or through some other association that would allow you to  be the kind of group from which 180 million Americans already get their  insurance. We need to continue to work on this as we honor small  business with things like we have done in the last couple of days.   The Ex-Im Bank is often not thought of as a thing that small business  uses, but there are more small business Ex-Im Bank loans that are  processed than there are of big business loans. Even when there are big  business loans, those big businesses almost always have small business  providers for what they do. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission  can't fully work in a way that people can count on if it doesn't have  the people there to make it work. We did that today.   So my colleagues and I are here today to talk about small business.  It is the engine that drives America. This is the week in which we  honor it, but, frankly, our economy is dependent on it every single  week, and I am glad to be here to talk about it.   