 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 9, the  Climate Action Now Act, not because we don't want clean water or clean  air or deny a world-changing climate. H.R. 9 is a direct attack on this  administration for withdrawing from the flawed agreement and is a  purely political move by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   The Paris Agreement requires each signatory country to determine,  plan, and regularly report on the contributions that it undertakes to  mitigate global warming with no regard for American consumers; it  places burdensome regulations on American businesses that are already  employing environmentally friendly practices; and it places the cost of  the Paris Agreement to supplement other nations on the backs of the  moms, dads, and citizens of America.   In August 2016, President Obama unilaterally accepted the Paris  Agreement under the United Nations climate change treaty. Rather than  bringing it to this body, where it could be ratified with the advice  and consent of the Senate, this was a blatant power grab by the  executive branch encumbering America and future generations.    I had been opposed to President Obama's decision to circumvent  congressional approval of the Paris Agreement from the beginning. It  was a clear violation of the Constitution to leave Congress out of the  approval process of an agreement that will have far-reaching  implications on our economy and our citizens.   During the 114th Congress, I even introduced H.R. 544, expressing the  sense of the House that the President should submit any binding  international agreement on climate change to the Senate as a treaty. By  accepting the Paris Agreement without congressional approval, the Obama  administration made promises that are too expensive and too difficult  and not science-based as far as the results. In fact, in a current  hearing, it was stated that if the U.S. were to cut emissions to zero,  it would not change global warming.   A report prepared by NERA Economic Consulting in 2017, found that  meeting the commitments President Obama made could cost the U.S.  economy $3 trillion and 6.5 million industrial-sector jobs by 2040.  There are serious concerns surrounding costs, effectiveness, and  feasibility of U.S. commitments made under the Paris Agreement.   Greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. fell by 14 percent from 2005 to  2017, our manufacturing output increased 4 percent, and our energy  consumption went down 2 percent. That is American leadership done by  the private sector, not by government mandates or encumbering  agreements.   The United States is already leading around the world in reducing  greenhouse gas emissions. This agreement does not address the world's  largest carbon emission offenders, as you have heard--China and India.  These countries are not held to any enforcement standards besides being  required to provide a report to the United Nations every 5 years.   Again, the Paris Agreement ties the hands of the American consumers  to pay for countries, like China and India, whose total commitment is,  ``We will try to reduce greenhouse gas emissions''--not do it, but we  will try--while they continue to increase our carbon footprints around  the world, again at the cost of nearly $3 trillion to the American  consumer.    China is building or planning to build over 700 coal-fired  power plants around the world with one-fifth of these plants located in  countries outside of China, making it virtually impossible for them to  meet goals set in the Paris Agreement.   Additionally, of the 195 signatories, 13 countries have still not  ratified the agreement, including Russia, Turkey, Yemen, Iraq, and  Iran. Russia accounts for nearly 5 percent of the global greenhouse  gas.   While I do believe that climate change should be addressed, I do not  agree that forcing the President to remain in an agreement that had no  oversight, cost-benefit analysis or stakeholder input is the right way  to go.   As we continue to have discussions about how to address climate  change, we should focus on solutions for the world body.   