 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Thornberry for yielding.   Madam Speaker, this is not a good conference report. This is a great  bipartisan conference report. We have made significant strides in a  wide range of areas that improve our national security posture, from  installing a respectable $743 billion top line to supporting our  Nation's highest acquisition priorities to even including related  efforts on the widow's tax and family housing reform. This has become  an impressive bill.   I must admit, though, that I was concerned about our ability to  complete the work in this conference report. When we initially debated  this bill on the House floor, I voted in opposition to the bill over  top-line funding issues and various riders that were included.  [[Page H10084]]    But in conference, we debated vigorously. In the end, I am pleased  that we, once again, tacked to the middle and moved to garner  bipartisan support for our servicemembers and their families.   Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Thornberry should be proud of this  effort. Our seapower and projection capabilities are more lethal as a  result.   In the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, we authorized  three destroyers, two submarines, two amphibious ships, two oilers, and  one frigate. We accelerate unmanned vessels to the maximum sustainable  level. We continue to fully support the rapid development of the B-22  Raider bomber and the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine  programs, both essential elements of our nuclear triad.   In my estimation, this conference report is making the right  investments to ensure our military is more effective and has the  ability to project power in times of conflict.   I particularly appreciate Chairman Courtney's approach to developing  bipartisan legislation. I am glad that we are so closely aligned in our  subcommittee, and I thank Chairman Courtney for his leadership.   Additionally, the conference report makes significant progress on a  multitude of family policy issues that are essential to supporting our  servicemembers and their families.   A 3.1 percent military pay raise; significant improvements in family  housing; authorizing paid parental leave, including Mr. Wilson's  legislation to address the widow's tax--all of these provisions support  and retain our military families.   We are concluding our defense policy bill, but now it is time to move  the Defense appropriations processes.   While I am excited to support this conference report, I also believe  that we need to rapidly advance our efforts to conclude the defense  appropriations process. I think it is embarrassing for Congress to go  home for all of August and early September with the complete  understanding that our ineffectiveness wastes billions of dollars and  weakens our national security. We can do better. We must do better.   We are concluding our defense policy bill, but now it is time to move  the defense appropriations process.   