 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of H.R.  7, the Paycheck Fairness Act--a modest, common-sense solution to the  problem of pay inequity.   Equal pay for equal work is not only a core value of mine and  others--it's the law. Full implementation of that principle, however,  remains elusive.   The Paycheck Fairness Act, which was first introduced in 1997 and  passed the House of Representatives with bipartisan support in 2009, is  a serious initiative to realize the noble goal of true equality.   Among its provisions, this legislation would:   Encourage businesses to rely on information about the market value of  a position, industry standards, the duties of the job, and their  [[Page H2860]]  budgets in order to set salaries, by prohibiting reliance on the prior  salary history of prospective employees.   Allow workers to share their personal salary information free from  retaliation, with commonsense exceptions for FIR professionals.   Improve research on the gender pay gap by instructing Department of  Labor (DOL) to conduct studies and review available research and data  to provide information on how to identify, correct, and eliminate  illegal wage disparities.   Assist the DOL in uncovering wage discrimination by requiring the  collection of wage data from federal contractors, and direct the Equal  Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) to conduct a survey of  available wage information and create a system of wage data collection.   Support small businesses with technical assistance by providing  support to all businesses to help them with their equal pay practices.   Momentum has continued to build, with more than 260 diverse  organizations signing a letter in support of the bill, including the  U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce, which represents business  associations and groups across the country, and the Main Street  Alliance, a national network of small business owners.   Madam Chair, according to the National Partnership for Women and  Families, if the disparity in median annual earnings for women and men  working full-time, year-round were closed, women would have over  $10,000 more in earnings each year. For millennial women, closing this  gender wage gap could add up to more than $1,000,000 in lost income  over a career.   This not only impacts these women immensely, but also directly  impacts those with families. Over 62 percent of two-parent, married  households with children, have both parents employed, which means these  families would add $10,000 more to their family's total earnings per  year.   Madam Chair, this bill makes good economic sense. Companies are  recognizing the benefits and the power of women's increased economic  participation, and some have already enacted policies similar to those  outlined in the Paycheck Fairness Act. Companies like Staples and  Amazon have ended inquiries into job applicants' salary histories to  avoid importing prior pay discrimination into their wage setting  process. These moves are directly aligned with the Paycheck Fairness  Act's provision banning reliance on salary history in determining  future pay, so that prior pay discrimination doesn't follow workers  from job to job.   We have also seen a movement, spearheaded by investors, to motivate  companies to disclose their pay data. After a gender pay shareholder  proposal from the investment management firm Arjuna Capital, Citigroup  publicly released the results of its pay equity review in 2018 covering  a third of its global workforce, and another, more comprehensive  review, in 2019. This data release went even further than the Paycheck  Fairness Act's provisions, which would only require that companies give  this summary information to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission  (EEOC), not the public.   According to a 2017 report from the Institute for Women's Policy  Research, the poverty rate for all working women would be cut in half  if women were paid the same as men. The same study indicates the U.S.  economy would have produced an additional $512.6 billion in income if  women had received equal pay for equal work. With 64 percent of mothers  being the primary, sole, or co-breadwinners of their families, equal  pay for women means America's families are better off.   Ensuring women have equal pay would have a significant positive  impact on our families and our economy and I urge my colleagues to  support this legislation.   