 Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the ongoing  government shutdown and the need to provide more security on our  southern border and to try to put a little perspective around it.   The President just issued his own proposal. It is a reasonable  proposal, I think, and a constructive proposal to try to end this  shutdown and reopen the government and strengthen the southern border.  I am told we are going to vote on that plan tomorrow here in the  Senate. It includes a lot of the ideas that I have been discussing with  colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, over  the past few weeks. Some of these ideas are ones that Democrats support  more, and some the Republicans support more. It is the basis for a  compromise.   I am going to vote for the President's plan, and I am going to  explain here in a minute why I would hope that colleagues on both sides  of the aisle would support that plan tomorrow as a way to take a step  forward and to take a step back from the partisanship and the division  that is keeping our government shutdown.   My hope is that even if the proposal cannot pass with a 60-vote  majority, which, unfortunately, seems likely right now, it will spark  good-faith negotiations to enable us to quickly end the government  shutdown and move forward.   Unfortunately, some of the partisanship and division I talked about  has made that harder. It is interesting that even before the President  made his announcement, but on the day he was making it, the Speaker of  the House, Nancy Pelosi, said the proposal was a nonstarter before she  knew what was in it. That is not serious. That is not the basis for a  serious negotiation and certainly not responsible for us in the middle  of a partial government shutdown.   I think there is in this body--and, I think, in the House, as well--a  general consensus that we need to do more to protect the southern  border. The Democratic leadership of the House and the Speaker of the  House just presented a billion-dollar plan, for instance, for more  border security.   I call it a crisis, but call it what you want. Here are the facts.  During October and November of last year, the most recent months for  which we have good information, Customs and Border Protection agents  apprehended more than 100,000 people trying to enter our country  illegally. That is nearly double the number of people who were  apprehended a year ago in 2017. That is twice as many people.   The big increase, as you know, is with families and kids,  unaccompanied children. According to the Department of Homeland  Security, there has been a 50-percent increase in the number of  families coming across the border illegally and a 25 percent increase  in the number of children during fiscal year 2018. Along with that,  there has been a 2,000-percent increase over the past 5 years in asylum  claims. That increase has primarily come from three Central American  countries: Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras. While 9 out of 10 of  these asylum claims are ultimately rejected by the immigration courts,  the applicants have long since been released into the interior of the  [[Page S485]]  United States. People don't stay in detention waiting for their  hearing. They are released into our communities. I am told by Customs  and Border Protection that they think about 90 percent of those  families and children are never removed.   Is that a problem? I think everyone should agree that this is a  problem. The system is breaking down.   In fiscal year 2018, Customs and Border Protection referred nearly  50,000 unaccompanied minors--all of whom came across our southern  border to seek asylum--to the Department of Health and Human Services  for care. I have done a lot of work on this issue in the Homeland  Security subcommittee called the Permanent Subcommittee on  Investigations.   It is a tough situation. It is a tough situation to have these kids  in any kind of detention for any kind of time. It is a tough situation  for these children, many of whom have experienced trauma and violence  on their journey north and need significant help.   Human trafficking remains a significant problem along the border. Law  enforcement officials on both sides continue to arrest people for  facilitating labor and sex trafficking of adults and children, women  and children. Local law enforcement along the border have repeatedly  voiced their concerns.   In addition to the individuals trafficked into the United States  involuntarily, criminal smuggling networks mislead prospective migrants  by assuring them a safe route into the United States. This happens all  the time. According to a survey by Doctors Without Borders, over two- thirds of migrants report facing violence on the journey north,  including theft, extortion, torture, and sexual assault. Almost one- third of women report being sexually abused while being taken on that  journey north to enter the United States. This is something none of us  should find acceptable.    Furthermore, as we know, the Drug Enforcement Agency has said: ``The  southwest border remains the primary entry point for heroin into the  United States.'' There is no disagreement about that. I am told that  about 90 percent of the heroin that is flowing into our communities  comes across the southern border and that fentanyl, which is this  incredibly powerful synthetic opioid that is 50 times more powerful  than heroin and comes primarily from China and primarily through the  Postal Service, is actually increasingly going through Mexico too. Law  enforcement tells me that it is being shipped from China to Mexico and  is then being taken across the southern border. Seizures of fentanyl-- which, by the way, is the No. 1 cause of death in my home State of Ohio  and in, probably, your States--increased by 135 percent in its coming  across the southern border last year as compared to 2017. Again, most  of it is coming from China, and most of it is coming through the mail  system, but increasingly it is also coming across the border.   It gets worse. Over the past few weeks, I have been at three meetings  with drug abuse task forces in Ohio and have talked about the crisis  back home and how we should address it, and we are making some  progress. That is the good news. Progress is also being made with  regard to opioids. We are seeing fewer deaths by overdose, and we are  seeing fewer addictions.   What we have done here in Congress is to put more money into  prevention and treatment and longer term recovery, and our providing  Narcan to our first responders and others is beginning to work.   Guess what I heard from all three of these task forces. It is that  now, coming up--raising its ugly head--is pure crystal meth.  Methamphetamines are taking the place of opioids in some of these  communities. That is the new scourge. Guess where this crystal meth is  coming from--Mexico. This is pure, powerful crystal meth. We have seen  a 38-percent increase in methamphetamine trafficking across the border,  again, just from 2017 to 2018.   I don't think there is any disagreement on either side of the aisle  that we need a more secure southern border, not just because of people  coming in illegally but because of the fact that there is trafficking,  that there are drugs being transported across that border, and we all  want to address it.   Senator Schumer, who just spoke, has talked a lot about the need for  more screening at our ports of entry because most of these drugs come  in by way of cars and trucks. He is right. By the way, that is in the  President's proposal.   Because of all of those problems, the experts tell us we need to do  some things. One thing they say they need are more physical barriers.  This is from the experts. They also want more Border Patrol agents.  They want more technology. They want more surveillance, more cameras.  They want drones to be in some places that are out in the desert so  they can see what is going on. They want more screening at the ports of  entry. Again, the Democrats have supported it, and I have supported it.  They are looking for anything they can do to try to stop the flow of  drugs and to do it with technology, and that takes more money.   I believe the proposal the President outlined over the weekend hits  all of those points. That is why I think it is responsible. He made  clear that he is prepared to have these new barriers that he is  proposing not be cement walls, which is what so many Democrats have  opposed, but, rather, to be fences. In some places, they should be  wire--pedestrian fences. In other places, they should be low vehicle  barriers. In other places, they should be what the President has called  steel barriers, the ones you see through. That is the kind of  construction we are talking about here, not the cement wall that a lot  of people think he is proposing. Frankly, that is what they have taken  from what he has said and from what the Democrats have said. It is  almost like we are talking past each other.   Second, specifically, his proposal stipulates that these barriers  would be constructed in a way that would be consistent with the  ``Border Security Improvement Plan.'' It is a plan that experts at the  Customs and Border Protection Agency have proposed. These are the  experts.   It is not 2,000 miles of the border that would have these fences and  structures and barriers that we are talking about. In the President's  proposal--and this is going to surprise you--it would be 234 miles of  the border.   So, No. 1, they would not be the cement walls in the way that people  are talking about. No. 2, it is going to be done in the way in which  the experts recommend in terms of where they are going to be placed and  what kinds of structures they will be. It will also be a total of 234  miles out of the 2,000-mile border.   The 234 miles are going to support the top 10 priorities of this plan  that the Customs and Border Protection people have submitted, which is  this ``Border Security Improvement Plan.'' It is going to be  specifically what the experts say the top 10 priorities are. What are  their top 10 priorities? I am told, for instance, it is a new fence in  parts of Texas where there is no fencing in the urban areas. That is in  the plan. The White House is not making these decisions, but the  experts are through this border security plan.   The legislation that the President has proposed has some specific  language in it saying that these barriers must be built in an  operational, effective design that prioritizes agents' safety. That  language, folks, was taken right out of the bipartisan fiscal 2018  appropriations bill that this Senate passed last year. This is  consistent with votes we have taken in the past as to what kind of wall  it will be and where it will be. That means the definition is one we  have long voted for. As we speak, approximately 115 miles of border  barrier is being built using this same definition because it was  proposed and voted on by this Chamber last year, just a year ago, on a  bipartisan basis.    The $5.7 billion proposal in funding for the construction of  additional physical barriers along the southern border is consistent  with what the experts say ought to be done.   Based on the Secure Fence Act back in 2006, which, again, was  bipartisan, more than 500 miles of fencing have already been built in  California, in Arizona, and in New Mexico by previous administrations,  Republican and Democratic alike. Based on the data, on the actual  facts, it is making a difference. The data from Customs and Border  Protection show that in areas where this fencing has been built,  apprehensions have decreased substantially. That probably doesn't  surprise  [[Page S486]]  you if you think about it. At a minimum, having these barriers slows  people down and keeps vehicles from coming across that desert terrain,  which gives the Border Patrol a chance to respond, along with there  being the technology--the cameras, the sensors.   Again, another one of the misconceptions about this whole debate is  that it is over the entire 2,000-mile border. It is not. It is over 234  miles. These barriers will be strategically deployed. They will be  built where they are the most needed--in populated areas, where there  are not already natural barriers to keep people from crossing. What his  proposal does, as I look at it, is it fills a demonstrated  infrastructure gap along the border but only where it is necessary.   As we talked about, our Border Patrol experts say Texas is their top  priority. Why? It is because Texas is 1,200 miles of the 2,000-mile  border and because there are only 100 miles of barrier in Texas  currently. So there are over 500 miles of border that have barriers,  and only 100 miles of that is in Texas, which has 1,200 miles of the  border. It has most of the border.   The new fencing is particularly necessary in the most populated parts  of the Rio Grande Valley. McAllen, TX, is one example of that. To me,  that makes sense because that is where about 40 percent of the  crossings occur and because they are asking for this fencing there.  These are the experts.   In addition to there being more funding for more barriers, the  President has requested more money with which to hire another 750  Border Patrol agents and 2,000 additional law enforcement  professionals. Again, more people to be able to respond is something  that on a bipartisan basis, I think we support here.   He is proposing $800 million for humanitarian needs, to fund and  enhance medical support and transportation facilities for those who are  detained at the border. This is consistent with what the Democrats have  supported in order to deal with the humanitarian challenge. The  Homeland Security appropriations bill already includes funding for  these purposes, but the President requested additional funds to help  with the influx we have talked about. So it is like a supplemental  spending request. We have had more families and more unaccompanied  children in particular, so it makes sense to have more humanitarian  funds available to deal with that.   The President has also requested $563 million for 75 additional  immigration judges and support staff so we can reduce the nearly  800,000 pending immigration cases that are backlogged. This backlog is  part of our problem because people are typically in the communities,  and many of them don't show up for their court cases. Reduce the  backlog--that is the obvious answer here. By the way, this part of the  President's proposal is identical to the proposal Speaker Pelosi made  just a few days ago. It is identical--75 new judges and support staff.   Finally, the President has requested a total of $805 million for  counternarcotics and weapons technology screening at the ports of  entry. There is $675 million within that for reinvestment in drug and  weapons detection and $130 million for K-9 units, training, personnel,  and portable scanners. Again, this is one some of us feel very strongly  about, including Senator Schumer and including a lot of us on this side  of the aisle. It is one that was also proposed by Speaker Pelosi a few  days ago--more money for screening at the ports of entry. Her proposal  is almost identical to the President's, except, frankly, the President  proposes a little more money for the same purposes.   It is like we are talking past each other. We know there is a need.  We generally agree. There is a general consensus on the need for what  has to be done along the border; yet we can't seem to find common  ground. To try to get there, in addition to these funding requests--and  I applaud him for this--the President outlined his support for dealing  with other immigration reforms that both parties support, such as DACA.   I remember DACA as being these young people who came here as children  through no fault of their own and that the question was, Do you  continue the program that President Obama set in place or not? My view  is to resolve this political football once and for all and provide  certainty to these young people who came here through no fault of their  own. Some of them are working, some of them are in school, and some are  in the military. They are looking for some certainty.   In the way the legislation is drafted, it is for these young people  who have taken the responsible course and have gone to school or who  are working or who are in our military. This is a process whereby we  can provide that certainty, and the President has proposed it. He has  proposed for all of those children who have applied for and been  accepted into this DACA Program 3 years of additional authorization to  be here, which will be past this administration.   The President has also embraced an effort to look at this issue of  temporary protected status, or TPS, which allows us to provide  protection to individuals who come from particularly trouble-stricken  countries, and there are now 10 countries on that list. The Secretary  of Homeland Security has the authority to provide harbor to those  individuals where there has been a natural disaster, where there is a  war, or where there has been a lot of violence in those countries.   Some of those TPS visas are expiring. I believe the President has  laid out something that many Democrats have called for that makes  sense, in my view, which is to provide some more certainty for some of  those individuals. Again, it is a 3-year authorization, which will go  beyond the next election.   The President has also talked about changing the asylum process. He  has picked up some ideas from that side of the aisle and this side of  the aisle, including having people apply for asylum in their own  countries.   This is an attempt to find that common ground. Yes, let's be sure we  have a protected southern border, but let's also deal with what have  been some political and, unfortunately, intractable problems. For all  of these reasons, I think we need to come together and negotiate a  solution. I think the President's proposal is a reasonable one. That is  why I plan to support it.   I know my Democratic colleagues have other ideas as well. What I said  to them this morning and last night and will say again this afternoon  when we meet--Republicans and Democrats alike--is, let's talk. We are  not that far apart. Let's close this gap. That is what I find to be the  most frustrating part of this. Yes, we have had shutdowns in the past,  but I don't think we have ever had a shutdown that is so easy to  resolve. We are not that far apart. If we would stop talking past each  other, including as to what kind of structures we are going to put  along the border, as I talked about, I think we could get there.   In my view, shutdowns don't make sense. We are now in day 33 of this  government shutdown. I am not a big fan. I have legislation I have now  introduced five times in Congress to say let's end government  shutdowns. The legislation would simply continue the spending from the  previous year and reduce it by 1 percent after 120 days and another 1  percent after the next 90 days in order to incentivize Congress to get  its act together and actually pass the appropriations bills.   At day 33, 800,000 workers have missed one paycheck, and another  paycheck is coming up tomorrow.   I have heard from a lot of folks in my State of Ohio--TSA employees,  of course, at the airports, many of whom I spoke to when I came to  Washington yesterday morning. It is a tough situation for them. Some of  them don't have the savings. They live paycheck to paycheck. They are  getting by through a combination of things--family members helping  them, talking to the banks about their car payments or their mortgage  payments. It is putting a lot of stress on them. I applaud them for  showing up to work, by the way.   Workers at NASA--NASA Glenn in Cleveland, OH--can't go to work, so  our space program is being slowed down. That is a problem.   Across the board, I am hearing from people who are in law  enforcement, our prosecutors, saying they can't pay informants to be  able to go after drug dealers. I am hearing from our Coast Guard  personnel on Lake Erie. Again, these are patriots. They are showing up  for work. I applaud them for that. I thank them. We owe them an end to  this shutdown and a resolution to this issue.  [[Page S487]]    I also don't like shutdowns because, frankly, as bad as they are for  families, they are also bad for taxpayers. As taxpayers, we always end  up paying more in the end. In the end, we are paying people not to work  because people who are furloughed are going to get their paychecks when  this is over. That doesn't seem very good for taxpayers. The people who  are actually showing up for work--we are not paying them now, but we  will pay them later. It is inefficient. Services are being cut off.  Yet, in the end, taxpayers are going to be paying for it. So it doesn't  help taxpayers.   I also don't like it because it hurts our economy. People say: Well,  not much. We are doing fine.   We are doing fine. Thanks to the tax cuts and tax reform and  regulatory relief, the economy is doing better, but this is running the  other way. This is providing negative momentum.   The Council of Economic Advisers at the White House told us this week  that the shutdown is going to reduce quarterly economic growth by 0.13  percent for every week it lasts. In other words, every week the  shutdown continues, it hurts our economy more. If this shutdown lasts  another 4 weeks, that will be a full point off GDP. So in just another  23 days, it will be a full point off our GDP. That is a big deal. That  hurts paychecks, it hurts jobs, and it hurts the economic growth that  all of us are so happy to finally have--to see the fact that  unemployment is low, to see the fact that there are more jobs out there  than there are workers looking, and to see the fact that wages are  finally starting to increase. Let's not go the other way.   We have the opportunity before us to solve this. It is not that hard.  Let's stop talking past each other. Let's find that common ground.   The President is going to have to continue to negotiate, and he says  that he will. The Speaker of the House is going to have to move. It is  not responsible for her to say not a penny more for barriers along the  border, which she traditionally supported, as have other Democrats.   Let's act in good faith. Let's move forward to a responsible  resolution that will reopen the government but will also ensure that we  have a secure southern border. That is what the American people want.  That is what we should be providing in the Senate and in the House,  working with the President. Let's come together, and let's get it done.   I yield back my time.   