 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about our nominee  and the vote for Secretary of Energy.   Mr. Brouillette came before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources  Committee 2 weeks ago. I found him to be up to this enormous task. He  is a good man, and he has the credentials. He came out of our committee  16 to 4, and that is pretty impressive in today's toxic world that we  live in, sorry to say.   He has a long history with energy issues and with the Department of  Energy, so he is no stranger to this agency or to the workings of this  agency. He has served as the staff director of the House Energy and  Commerce Committee, so he understands the proceedings of this body and  of the House. At the Department of Energy, he served as an Assistant  Secretary of Energy during the Bush administration and, of course, as  the Deputy Secretary for the past 2 years under Secretary Perry. He  knows the Department; he knows Congress; and he knows the energy issues  facing our Nation.   He has also demonstrated his managerial skills. He has been vice  president of Ford Motor Company, and he has been a senior vice  president of USAA, which I think we all know is the large insurance and  financial services giant that serves the members of our military and  their families.   This Senate has confirmed him twice before, and we have gone indepth  in looking into him, and he has been forthcoming. He has not held  anything back. I asked him every question I possibly could. I know some  of my dear colleagues on my side of the aisle have some concerns on  some questions they want answered. I did get into those with him. He  assured me that his answers were accurate and correct, and I found them  to be very substantial.   I basically come before you to say that we have a gentleman who I  think is well qualified. He is ready for the job; he is up to the job;  and he understands the job. That is what we should be looking at.   So if we could put politics aside--truly put politics aside--and look  at the qualifications of a person who is willing to serve and his  family, who is  [[Page S6786]]  behind him 100 percent, wanting him to give that service--he and his  wife are both former military people.   I found him to be quite charming, quite delightful to work with and  talk to but, more than that, most professional in his approach and how  he has handled himself and in the way we have worked with him in our  committee. Being the ranking member on the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, I have worked with him, and we have worked with him  throughout the last 2 years. He has been very forthcoming and good to  work with.   I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to please  consider voting for this gentleman because I think he is really the  right person at the right time for this job.   I yield the floor.   