 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know that American small businesses can  outcompete anybody in the world; however, they deserve to have a level  playing field. All too often, foreign countries engage in unfair trade  practices--like dumping and countervailing duties--that make it harder  for small and midsized businesses to compete in the global marketplace.   This is especially true in my home State of Michigan, where  businesses, from family farms to auto part suppliers and other small  manufacturers, face unfair competition from foreign competitors whose  products are subsidized by their governments.   Michigan's cherry growers have experienced these unfair practices  firsthand. In Traverse City, which is home of the National Cherry  Festival, Michigan cherry growers struggled to sell their products  after Turkey dumped artificially priced cherry juice into the American  markets. As a result, many of Michigan's cherry growers are facing dire  financial situations.   Late last year, the Commerce Department revoked the duty-free status  of cherry juice from Turkey, but Michigan cherry growers had to wait  far too long for the government to step up. Small businesses and  agricultural producers don't have the resources to employ an army of  international trade lawyers like larger corporations and other  industries do. As a result, they are often defenseless against illegal  trade practices that undercut American businesses and American workers.  We must use our expertise and strength to stand up for these small  businesses and give them a fair fight.   Under current law, the Commerce Department has the authority to start  their own investigations into these harmful trade practices, but  unfortunately they rarely do. That is why last week, I introduced  bipartisan legislation with Senator Burr to address unfair trade  practices.   The Self-Initiation Trade Enforcement Act will strengthen protections  for small businesses and their workers by creating a permanent task  force dedicated to proactively identifying illegal trade practices that  unfairly target small businesses and small industries.   Last year, I attended a bipartisan trade policy meeting with  President Trump and Commerce Secretary Ross, and I discussed this  commonsense legislation with both of them. They both expressed their  strong support. I will continue to work with the administration and my  colleagues in Congress to get this legislation signed into law.   Michigan workers and businesses deserve a fair chance to compete, and  I will keep fighting to enforce fair trade rules and give Michigan's  small businesses a level playing field. I urge my colleagues to support  the Self-Initiation Trade Enforcement Act to help small businesses and  family farms across Michigan and the United States successfully compete  and ultimately succeed.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   