 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come here with a heavy heart.   On April 30, at 4:40 p.m., a shooting occurred in the Kennedy  Building on the campus of the University of North Carolina at  Charlotte. It is a college campus. It is only about 15 minutes from my  house. The shooting occurred on the last day of classes. When a lot of  family members and friends were thinking about graduation and thinking  about what they were going to do over the summer, their lives were  shattered. I am here to celebrate the lives of two of the victims.   Before I do that, I thank all of the first responders and the people  on campus who did an extraordinary job. The first among them would be  Chancellor Dubois, and there are so many more first responders.   What makes this particularly difficult for me is the loss of life of  two young men--one who was 19, Ellis ``Reed'' Parlier, and Riley  Howell, who was 21 years old. These kids were in school.   One, Ellis, enrolled in 2017. He loved video games. He wanted to be a  video game developer. He was a volunteer. He actually tutored middle  schoolers on computer programming. His professor described him as  independent and motivated.   Another young man, Riley, who has an extraordinary story within this  horrible act, enrolled in UNC Charlotte in 2018. He had gone to A-B  Tech before that. He was in environmental studies. He loved the  outdoors. He loved Star Wars. He loved pizza and playing soccer. He was  just a normal kid who was going to college. He was also enrolled in the  ROTC at UNC Charlotte. What makes his story extraordinary are the  accounts from police officers. If you understand the Kennedy Building,  there are a lot of people around and a lot of classrooms. There are a  lot of potential victims. This young man actually charged the gunman.  Although he lost his own life, most police credit him with saving the  lives of so many more.   So, on this sad day that we will never forget--the day of April 30--I  come before this body to let them know and their families know that we  are praying for them.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Sydney  Fincher, a member of my staff, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the 116th Congress.   