 Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues to speak in  support of H.R. 2474, the Protecting the Right to Organize Act, or the  PRO Act.   The PRO Act was reported out of the Committee on Education and Labor  on September 25, and it is the most comprehensive legislation in recent  history to strengthen workers' rights to organize and bargain for  higher wages, better benefits, and safer working conditions.   Labor unions have long fueled our Nation's prosperity. Wage growth  and worker productivity rose steadily together when union membership  was at its peak, around 30 percent, between the end of World War II and  1973. Union members earn significantly higher salaries, they are more  likely to enjoy better benefits and also much more likely to work in a  safe workplace. This had the effect of creating an economy where most  working families could achieve a basic standard of living. But  unfortunately, in the last 4 decades, union membership has plummeted,  and income inequality has soared.   Despite the clear benefits of strong unions, just one in 10 workers  currently is a union member and only 6 percent of private sector  workers are union members.   Low union membership certainly does not mean that American workers  have given up on unions. In fact, according to a poll of workers across  the country conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 48  percent of nonunion workers say they would vote to join the union if  given the opportunity.   Regrettably, what is keeping workers from joining unions are weak  labor laws, aggressive employer opposition to unions, and relentless  political attacks that have dismantled workers' rights to organize.   To that point, the PRO Act would deter employers from violating  workers' rights to form a union in five key ways:   First, the PRO Act puts some teeth into the law by authorizing civil  monetary penalties for companies that inflict serious economic harm on  employees by violating the National Labor Relations Act, in doing  things such as firing union supporters for engaging in  protected activities. This would update the current law, which provides  no civil penalties today for employers who violate the NLRA, leaving no  meaningful deterrent for employers who choose to violate workers'  rights.    Second, the PRO Act would streamline procedures and guarantee swift  remedies for workers. Currently, if workers prove that they were  unlawfully fired for organizing, they may have to wait years before  being reinstated and receiving back pay. The PRO Act would guarantee  temporary reinstatement for workers whose cases are found to have merit  while their cases are being adjudicated. This would also make the  National Labor Relations Board orders immediately applicable to all  parties involved in proceedings, just like those of other Federal  agencies.   Third, the PRO Act would protect the integrity of union elections by  providing remedies when employers interfere with union representation  elections. It also establishes mediation and arbitration procedures to  encourage employers and unions to reach a first collective bargaining  agreement after the union is formed.   Fourth, the PRO Act would modernize labor law by clarifying exactly  which employees and employers are covered by the National Labor  Relations Act. Too often employers misclassify their employees as  independent contractors or anything but employees. This tactic allows  employers to avoid their legal obligations to their workers. The PRO  Act safeguards against these practices and also protects workers' First  Amendment rights to engage in peaceful picketing and other free speech  activities.   Finally, the PRO Act fosters transparency, so employees know their  rights under the law. Other labor laws require employers to post  notices of employee rights like Title 7 of the Civil Rights Act, the  Family Medical Leave Act, and OSHA. The PRO Act will similarly  guarantee the employers notify the employees of their rights.   At its heart this legislation is about restoring workers' rights to  organize and restoring balance to the economy. By passing the PRO Act,  we can take an historic step towards improving the quality of life for  workers and families across the country.   So I thank the Progressive Caucus for sponsoring this Special Order  and giving us the opportunity to promote the PRO Act.   