 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I love my country, and I rise today  because it is important for us to understand this impeachment process.  Whether you agree with the bringing of impeachment or not, it is  appropriate to understand the process.   Today, I would like to share a few words about the impeachment  process some 85 days since the Mueller report was presented wherein Mr.  Mueller all but indicated that impeachable acts occurred. I have my  mnemonic notes that I shall refer to.   The impeachment process itself starts and ends in the House. The  House of Representatives and only the House of Representatives can  impeach a President. It is very similar to an indictment but not the  same as an indictment. Once the impeachment actually takes place, then  the process moves to the Senate.   Today, I am going to focus on the House of Representatives. Perhaps  we will talk about the Senate on another occasion.   The impeachment process is not an appealable process. Once the House  gives its verdict, if you will--a majority of persons present voting  for impeachment--there is no appeal. It doesn't go to a friendly court  that a President might have. It won't go to the Supreme Court  ultimately, where some would contend that the Court is divided along  party lines.   I happen to think that judges ought to vote based upon what they  perceive the law to be. I tend to give judges the benefit of the doubt  when it comes to making their decisions, but there are many who  perceive this to be the case.   It is not appealable. It is something that is totally within the  province of the House of Representatives.   This vote is a vote of conscience, and this is where I would like to  focus a good deal of my energy today.   A vote of conscience means that you vote based upon what your  conscience dictates. There will be no instructions given to persons who  will vote. Generally speaking, a jury would receive some sort of  instructions, indicating that they should make certain findings. There  will be no instructions. There will be no indication that we have to do  this based upon clear and convincing evidence, that we have to find  beyond a reasonable doubt that something occurred, or that we should do  it by a preponderance of the evidence. There is no standard that will  be given to Members as they cast their ballots. It is something that  each Member does, and it is a vote of conscience.   Now, the question can become, ``Whose conscience will it be?''  because if you take another person's recommendation and you vote based  upon that recommendation, then you could conceivably vote another  person's conscience.   I will vote my conscience. I will not be guided by what others, who  may be voting based upon political expediency, think. Members can vote  based upon political expediency if they so choose. I will vote based  upon a moral imperative.   I will vote my conscience, and I will do this because I believe that  in this country, the country that I love--I rise because I love my  country--that we ought not allow any person to be above the law.   The law of which I speak is Article II, Section 4 of the  Constitution. No one should be above the law, but this is the law that  governs impeachment. No one should be above the law, and I believe that  for some 85 days now since the Mueller report, we have evidence that  the Chief Executive Officer has been above the law.   There will be a vote on impeachment. Each Member of this august body  has a preeminent privilege of bringing impeachment before the body. I  happen to be a Member, and I want to assure all that impeachment is not  dead.   I read a story today where there was an indication that it has  stalled or has slowed. I want my colleagues to know that I may stand  alone when I do this, as this is what my conscience dictates, but I  believe that it is better to stand alone than not stand at all.   I will stand. There will be another vote. I am asking that all do  what I believe is expected, and that is to vote  [[Page H5588]]  your conscience, knowing that there is no appeal, knowing that you  don't have to worry about the Supreme Court, and knowing that there  will be history to judge us all.   