 Will the Senator yield for a moment?    Madam President, I thank the Senator for his comments. As  Senator Cornyn lives down at the border and as his State is on the  border, he is well familiar with that part of the world.   As it turns out, as the former chairman of the Homeland Security  Committee, I have had a chance to visit the borders in the Senator's  State and in other States along the Mexican border. Not that long ago,  there were a whole lot of Mexicans coming into the United States, as he  knows, and not so many Mexicans going back to Mexico. In the year 2000,  when illegal immigration peaked, huge numbers of Mexicans came in--not  so much today. As the Senator knows, they are coming from Honduras,  Guatemala, and El Salvador.   I am a huge advocate of border security. I think fencing makes sense  in a lot of places. We have hundreds of miles of fencing, and in a lot  of places, fences alongside roads make sense. We have very  sophisticated surveillance equipment that can look from different  platforms. We have drones, fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, stationary  towers, and mobile towers that can look down 20, 25 miles into Mexico  and pick up people who are coming up from the south. Motion detectors  make sense, and tunnel detectors make sense. There is a lot of stuff  that makes sense.   I am all for investing there. I think Democrats and Republicans can  find common ground, and I think we have. The appropriations bills that  we have passed will actually fund that kind of stuff. They are not just  Democratic ideas, and they are not just Republican ideas. They are good  ideas, and a lot of them come from our Border Patrol personnel, as the  Senator knows.   We can do all of this and more on the southern border with Mexico,  but if people in Honduras, in Guatemala, and in El Salvador continue to  live lives of misery because we are complicit in our addiction to  drugs, they are going to still want to come up here. So we need to be  able to walk and chew gum at the same time and also provide, through  Alliance for Prosperity, which is, really, a modern-day planned  Colombia, a little bit of hope and opportunity so they will feel less  compelled to come to this country to have a better life.   Thank you.   