 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, as the son of a World War II veteran, the brother of a  Vietnam veteran, and as a veteran myself who served during the time of  Desert Storm and other conflicts, I understand that victory in battle  is not solely due to the soldier on the battlefield, the airman that is  flying over the battlefield, or the marine or the sailor. It is as much  the responsibility of all Americans and those who actually supply the  weapons and the machinery of war that is so desperately needed by those  who are on the battlefield.   We saw this play out in a great way during World War II. As our young  men and women were across the pond and throughout the Pacific fighting  against tyranny, many here at home stepped up and fulfilled the  positions that many of them vacated to go fight on the battlefields.   We are honoring such of those women today, being Rosie the Riveters,  where 6 million answered their country's call to make sure that the  airmen had the aircraft to fly; that the infantrymen had the bullets  and the guns that were needed to defend this country; that the sailors  had the equipment, the ships, and the weapons to fight on the seas; and  that the Marines that were invading the islands that were held by the  Japanese had the materials that they needed.   We could not have seen that victory in World War II if it weren't for  these brave patriots who not only took on the roles and the  responsibilities that others left to make sure that we had the weapons  and the materials and the logistics that were needed, but while also  raising families at the same time.   Back in June, I was honored to be one of the official delegates to  travel to Normandy, representing the United States and the House of  Representatives for the 75th anniversary of D-day. I was especially  honored because my dad was one of those who stepped on the shores of  Normandy during that battle.   And, as I was sitting in the audience waiting on the President to  give his remarks, there were three lovely ladies sitting in the row in  front of me. We began to engage in conversation, and I found out that  they were Rosie Riveters. And, of course, I had to have a selfie with  Rosie the Riveter.   They became the stars. Regardless of the number of Members of  Congress who were sitting in the audience, those three ladies became  the focus of many who were there, and rightfully so. And because of  their deeds and their patriotism, I fully support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to do so as well, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick).    Mr. Speaker, as I have no more speakers on this bill,  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to emphatically support  this legislation to give recognition to those who stepped up and served  our Nation in such an important way during one of the darkest times in  our Nation's history to ensure that we not only brought home the  victory, but we liberated millions of those in oppression and tyranny  across the globe.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   