 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as most people are painfully aware, we  just went through a 35-day government shutdown. It didn't work for  anybody. I am here today to talk about a very simple way to keep these  shutdowns from happening in the future. I am also here to talk a little  bit about how it fits into the broader discussion we are having.   What I am not suggesting is that we somehow leave the border security  issue aside. It is a very important issue. We have to address it. The  President has presented a reasonable plan. His plan is, actually, to  rely on the experts to determine what kind of barriers ought to be  along the border. His funding of $5.7 billion that he talks about for  these barriers is to fund exactly the top 10 priorities of what the  experts are saying, which are within the Customs and Border  Protection's ``Border Security Improvement Plan.''   Along with many other things, I think that makes sense. A structure  alone--a barrier alone--is not enough. You have to have cameras. You  have to have ways to see who is coming, and you have to have ways to  respond to it. You have to have more Border Patrol, and you have to  have more technology. He also has more drones in his proposal. He has  screening at the ports of entry to be able to stop some of these drugs  from coming into our communities--the cocaine, the crystal meth, and  the heroin, most of which are coming from Mexico.    I think it is a good plan. I think we should provide him help on this  plan. We have a true crisis at the border, no matter how you measure  it--whether it is in terms of the drugs, whether it is in terms of  people coming over, or whether it is in terms of the human trafficking  that is occurring, according to the experts. Let's do it the right way.  Let's do it through experts. Let's not do it because the politicians  say it is the right thing to do; let's do it because the experts on the  border say it is the right thing to do. Let's put the right kind of  barriers in the right kind of place. That is what I see in the  President's plan.   He is also talking about working with Democrats on some immigration  priorities they have had over the years. For the last 10 years, there  have been Democrats who have talked about these young people who came  here as children through no fault of their own. The President has said  he would like to give them more certainty as part of this plan. Let's  take him up on that. Why would we miss this opportunity? It is a good  idea. It is the right thing from a policy perspective. By providing  that kind of help to those DACA recipients--those young people who are  now working, who are in school, and who are in our military--I think we  can actually also get some Democrats to be helpful, to provide more  border security at the same time we are helping those who are here and  who are deserving of that help.   The President has also proposed to help people who come from 10  different countries around the world stay here with some certainty for  another few years. These are people who are in the so-called TPS  program, the temporary protected status program, people from 10  countries where there is war, famine, and natural disasters, and you  don't want to send those people back. They are working on that and  working on getting them work authorizations. That is what this is  about. A lot of employers here are eager for them to stay so they can  continue to work for some period of time. So there would be some  [[Page S761]]  security for those individuals, tens of thousands of whom live in  States where there are two Democratic Senators, States such as Maryland  and Virginia. Those Senators have been stalwarts and advocates for  making sure there is more certainty for these individuals. It seems to  me we have a good combination here. Let's get it done.   The conferees are talking right now, but in the meantime, let's not  go back to a government shutdown. That is not going to help us get to a  solution. In fact, I would argue that is not only not leverage on  behalf of the President or any of us, it actually works the other way  because when the government shuts down, everybody loses.   I am hearing from Senators on both sides of the aisle who say they  are fed up with these shutdowns. There is now a building bipartisan  consensus that we need to end government shutdowns. I am encouraged  because I am also hearing from people around the country about this.  There is a bipartisan consensus among individuals about it.   There is an interesting poll out today that will give you a sense of  this. People were given three options. They were asked: What if these  talks break down? Which one of these three things should we do: shut  down the government again; turn to a national emergency, as the  President has been talking about, as a possible option; or not do  either of those first two but, rather, do the default, which is to have  a continuing resolution and let the spending from last year continue?  Guess what. Only 9 percent of those polled wanted another government  shutdown. Ninety-one percent said: No, let's not go back there. I call  that a consensus. I think it is time for us to take action here in the  Congress to say: Let's stop this.   By the way, people feel this way because they get it. They know that  these shutdowns are a hardship for Federal employees who are furloughed  or who are forced to go to work without being paid. They are a hardship  for small businesses that can't get government work paid for--work they  have done. They are a hardship for taxpayers who want good taxpayer  services, such as having the national parks open or having food  inspections or having the IRS hotline open, which we as taxpayers pay  for.   Of course, I heard from a lot of constituents in Ohio during the last  35 days.   I heard from a TSA officer in Cincinnati who, like most people I  represent, lives paycheck to paycheck. He told me he could not sleep at  night. Why? Because he had never missed a mortgage payment, and he had  to miss one because he lost two paychecks.   I heard about a butcher shop in Cleveland, OH. I actually went to  visit it. It is a new butcher shop that just opened. It has an  interesting mission. It is a deli and a butcher shop in a low-income  neighborhood. They want to provide fresh, relatively inexpensive but  quality and healthy food for this neighborhood. It is needed. It is one  of these areas where you hear there is a food desert. In some areas,  particularly in inner cities, sometimes there is just not good, healthy  food anywhere. Well, this little butcher shop was excited about  offering it, but guess what. Because of the shutdown, they couldn't get  the required Federal permission to accept food stamps. So they had  their opening, and everything was great, but they couldn't complete  their mission. Their mission was to help these people have better food.   I heard from others as well. I heard from our Federal prosecutors in  Ohio. I do a lot of work in trying to push back against the opioid  issue, the heroin and the fentanyl, and the fact that we have these  drug rings in Ohio and elsewhere that are causing so much harm. These  prosecutors said they couldn't pursue these cases. One said: We can't  pay informants during the shutdown. Think about that. We are slowing  down our prosecution of human trafficking, opioids, rape, and so many  horrible issues we want to address. We can't do it during a shutdown as  effectively because the funds aren't there to pursue these  investigations.   I heard from Ohio craft beer breweries. These are small businesses in  Ohio. I am told there have been about 65 new ones in the last couple of  years in Ohio. It is a big deal. It is probably in your State too.  These are great businesses. They have not been able to expand over the  last several weeks during this 35-day shutdown or to introduce new  products, which is absolutely essential to their revenue stream. They  come out every season with a new product in order to continue to get  folks to drink these craft beers, but they need a permit from the  Federal Government to do that, so they couldn't introduce their new  products.   By the way, I talked to one of them today. We have been trying to  help them, and they told me they still can't get the necessary Federal  permits and licenses to do this. Why? Because the Federal Government  office is so backed up because of the shutdown. So here we are almost a  week after the shutdown, but we are really still shut down for the  purposes of these small businesses.    I have heard from the young men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard. In  Ohio, we have Lake Erie, we have Coast Guard stations, and we have a  lot of great patriots who have been struggling financially as they  worked for no pay. By the way, they were determined to do their duty,  and I applaud their patriotism.   I applaud the patriotism of all of the Federal workers who showed up  without getting paid and did their duty and were proud to do their  duty. A lot of these folks missed two paychecks, but they didn't miss a  beat, and we appreciate them.   In addition to the impact this shutdown has had on those Federal  employees and their families, it has also had a real impact on our  economy. We should pay attention to that.   The Congressional Budget Office just released a report on Monday  estimating the economic impacts the shutdown had on our economy.  Remember, this was just a partial shutdown. Most of the funding for  defense, as an example, we had appropriated, but for 25 percent of it,  we had not.   This is what happens: When paychecks don't flow into the economy,  when furloughed Federal workers can't perform needed services and are  paid after the fact anyway, and when there are sudden disruptions for  Federal contractors and other businesses that rely on timely payment  from these Agencies, it has a real impact, and taxpayers are worse off.   CBO estimated that the partial shutdown reduced GDP by $11 billion in  the near term, $8 billion in the first quarter of this year, and $3  billion in the fourth quarter of 2018. Fortunately, the Agency expects  an offsetting increase in economic activity now that the government has  reopened and Federal employees are receiving backpay, but over the long  term, CBO estimates that $3 billion will never be recovered in our  economy. So it has an economic impact on all of us, and that goes for  jobs, wages, and economic growth.   Some of that economic impact, of course, also means less revenue. Is  it significant in terms of the overall revenue for our government? Some  would say no, but it is less tax revenue to the Federal Government.   The aviation industry was hit particularly hard by the shutdown. The  FAA was subject to the shutdown, and many of my constituents expressed  concerns about aviation safety. We heard about the long delays at some  of the airports. That has an economic impact.   I will tell you that airlines, such as Delta Airlines and Southwest  Airlines, reported that they lost tens of millions of dollars in  revenue in January. So this is over and above the CBO estimate I was  talking about. Delta lost about $25 million. Southwest lost between $10  and $15 million. These lost earnings have decreased Federal tax  revenues, of course, to the government. CBO didn't put a price on that,  but, in fact, it is even worse than CBO estimates because of the  budgetary impacts that lead to some of these revenue impacts as well.   The bottom line is that the lower economic growth and the disruptions  for Federal employees ultimately cost taxpayers more than if Congress  had just passed these appropriations bills on time and we hadn't gotten  into this shutdown.   It doesn't have to be this way. Again, that is why I am working to  ensure we don't go there again. In every Congress for the last five  Congresses since I was elected in 2010, I have introduced legislation  called the End Government Shutdowns Act. I was involved with this when  I was on the House side  [[Page S762]]  under President Bush, and now I am involved with it here because I  think these shutdowns make no sense. I have introduced it under  Republican and Democratic Presidents. I have introduced it under  Republican and Democratic control of the House and the Senate. So this  is not a political issue to me; this is a good-government issue.   The bill is a very simple, commonsense step that would continue  funding from the previous year for any appropriations bill that is not  done, and when there is a continuing resolution, as there is now,  whenever that continuing resolution expires, we would just continue the  funding from the previous year. Some have called that an auto CR.  Instead of shutting down, at least the government would continue to  operate.   A CR is not the ultimate answer. What we really want to do is to get  this place--Congress--to actually do its work and to pass the  individual appropriations bills. That is how you reform government.  That is how you ensure there is certainty and predictability,  particularly at the Department of Defense, where they worry a lot about  that.   My bill also says that after the first 120 days--4 months--there will  be a 1-percent across-the-board reduction in spending to get people to  the table so that appropriators who like to spend money actually have  some incentive to not just continue the CR. I think that is important.  We would then reduce it by 1 percent every 90 days thereafter if  Congress doesn't get its act together and put these bills together.   I think this will help to not just stop shutdowns but also to keep us  from having perpetual continuing resolutions. Only through passing  these individual bills can we do our constitutional duty--and it is our  duty.   By the way, some Democrats have said they are not wowed by the 1  percent across the board after 4 months. They have said that somehow  Republicans would like that better than they would. I just don't agree  with that. I will tell you, 53 percent of the spending in this category  is defense spending. It is not security spending, which is more than  that, but 53 percent of it--more than half--is defense spending. It is  Republicans on this side of the aisle who talk about this every year,  and we have accomplished increasing defense spending. We are not going  to want to cut defense spending.   By the same token, some on the other side will feel strongly about  their priorities, and some of us have other priorities as well. We all  have priorities. This is not meant to be an uneven balance; it is meant  to be fair--1 percent across the board for everything.   My hope is that we can pass this legislation. We now have 28  cosponsors in the Senate. More than half of the Republicans are on this  bill. We have the opportunity to actually move this forward, I hope, in  this current negotiation over the border I talked about and over the  immigration policies I talked about. Let's do it.   On the other side of the Capitol, my friend Troy Balderson, a  Republican Representative from Ohio, and a Democrat, Jeff Van Drew from  New Jersey, have introduced this bill. They introduced it last week, so  now we have a companion bill that is bipartisan in the House as well.   You have heard Speaker Pelosi say she is against shutdowns. You have  heard Chuck Schumer, who is the leader over here for the Democrats, say  he is against shutdowns. You have heard a lot of our leadership say  they are against shutdowns. Well, this might be something we can  actually get together on and do something about.   My hope is that we can move forward. We hope we can put a commonsense  bill in place that doesn't allow us to fall back into another one of  these painful government shutdowns. They are not good for anybody.   Let's forge a bipartisan agreement on this funding. We are not that  far apart, as I said earlier. Let's be sure we have border security.  Let's deal with some of these lingering immigration issues where the  President has extended the olive branch. Let's do something good for  the people we represent, but at the same time, let's find a will to  include in this package legislation that ends these government  shutdowns while what happened these last several weeks is still fresh  in our minds. Having gone through this bitter experience of the longest  shutdown in history, let's be sure we don't let people down. Instead,  let's make sure we do not let this moment pass and indeed stop these  government shutdowns once and for all.   I yield back my time.   