 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and fellow colleague from  Colorado, Representative Lamborn, for hosting this Special Order  tonight as we honor National Bible Week.   Every President since Franklin Delano Roosevelt inaugurated the first  one in 1941, every President has since declared the week of  Thanksgiving as National Bible Week. It follows a long history,  stretching back to the founding of our country, of our leaders turning  to their faith and the Bible as guidance for our Nation.   This is just as important now as it was at our country's founding and  in the midst of terrible world wars.   This week, I am reminded of a passage in Luke 17, verses 5 through 6:  ``The apostles said to the Lord, `Increase our faith.' The Lord  replied, `If you have the faith the size of a mustard seed, you would  say to this mulberry tree, ``Be uprooted and planted in the sea,'' and  it would obey you.'''   And also in Luke 17, verse 10, ``So it should be with you. When you  have done all you have been commanded, say, `We are unworthy servants;  we have only done our duty.'''   In this passage, Jesus' apostles plead for more faith to make it  easier for them to sacrifice and to do all that they have been asked to  do. But Jesus answers them by pointing out that, if they had only the  tiniest bit of faith--that, the size of a mustard seed--no task would  be too difficult. This included even the apostles' seemingly impossible  task to ``go out and make disciples of all nations.''   But instead of increasing the measure of their faith, Jesus tells his  apostles to humble themselves and be steadfast in accomplishing all  that was asked of them.   As public servants and representatives, I believe we, too, are called  to humble ourselves and to be unwavering in serving our fellow  Americans. The American people have put their trust in us to preserve  our democracy, protect our God-given rights, defend our country, and  champion the American Dream. This is not an easy task. But, as Jesus  pointed out, anything is possible if we humble ourselves, do our job,  and have faith.   I know for me, personally, I rely on teachings like this one in the  Bible to better serve my fellow Kansans and our country.   I am also thankful to live in a country where we are free to practice  our faith, as well as to all the Americans who have served to protect  this freedom.   As we approach National Bible Week, I hope my colleagues and all  Americans, regardless of their faith background, take some time to  reflect on their own calling to serve, as well as the gift of religious  liberty.   Like the Bible, public service and religious liberty are cornerstones  of our country, and I am honored to recognize those here tonight and  throughout National Bible Week.   