 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, few things are as patriotic--as American--as serving  our Nation in the United States Armed Forces. My amendment, amendment  No. 17, would ensure that noncitizens defending our country receive the  resources they need to pursue the citizenship they have earned.   Specifically, my amendment will modify the pre-separation counseling  checklist administered to servicemembers to provide them an opportunity  to request further information regarding expedited naturalization.   Throughout history, many legal permanent residents have demonstrated  their commitment to the United States by volunteering to serve their  adopted country by putting on the uniform and joining the United States  Armed Forces. Unfortunately, we have all seen reports that there may be  thousands of deported U.S. veterans because they failed to apply for  citizenship for a variety of reasons. Deporting these patriotic  veterans does not reflect our American values.   As a country that honors our veterans, we need to take the  appropriate steps to ensure that those who volunteered to serve are not  deported because they were unaware of the benefits available to them.   My amendment provides a safety net that ensures noncitizen  servicemembers who defended our country are aware of these benefits.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment No. 14 allows veterans who are enrolled in  their respective service's Wounded Warrior program to continue their  enrollment in the Military Adaptive Sports Program for an additional  year after separation.   Currently, once a servicemember separates from the U.S. Armed Forces,  they no longer qualify for their respective service's Wounded Warrior  program. My amendment would change this by extending eligibility for an  additional year during their transition to civilian life.   It is reported that veterans, in their first year after separating  from uniformed service, sadly, experience suicide rates at  approximately two times higher than the overall veteran suicide rate.  This is even higher for wounded veterans. My amendment looks to combat  this devastating statistic by providing veterans with continued  physical, psychological, and social rehabilitation during the first  year of transition.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment  package.   