 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, ObamaCare  has failed because it is the classic example of Big Government getting  in cahoots with a healthcare industry that is broken. It was doomed to  fail because when has Big Government and Big Business ever resulted in  something that is going to cost less and be more effective?   Under ObamaCare, decisions are made by the healthcare industry  executives and the Federal Government bureaucrats--not patients, not  consumers. This program is authorizing millions of dollars we don't  have to prop up a system that is not working. If ObamaCare was working,  it would sell itself, but it doesn't work. Costs continue to rise, and  Americans continue to be stuck with the bill.   I believe there are things that ObamaCare does that we should keep. I  actually incorporated it into my own business's plan back before the  law required you to do it. I covered preexisting conditions and no cap  on coverage. The pillars of ObamaCare--we should all accept that.   When they added keeping kids on there until they are 26, that is fine  too. Those ships have sailed. But the Affordable Care Act is not  remotely affordable, and it is only going to get worse.   I applaud the Trump administration for doing their due diligence on  how healthcare policy changes are going to affect average Americans.  They are taking the approach to not go deeper in the hole with  something like ObamaCare but to reform the industry by making it  competitive, transparent, eliminate the barriers to entry and, yes,  encourage the healthcare consumer to get involved in his or her own  well-being.   I do believe President Trump is right. The Republicans can be the  party of healthcare without involving more government, but we need to  do that by putting more power back into the hands of the American  people, not ceding total power to government bureaucrats and big  healthcare executives.   I have a better idea. The truth in pricing act--my bill I am  countering with--encapsulates some of the ideas behind the proposed and  final rules announced by the White House last week, which I fully  support. The complex, opaque nature of healthcare pricing makes it  difficult for consumers to anticipate, measure, and compare healthcare  costs and coverage options.  [[Page S6706]]  Hospitals have a chargemaster that nobody can understand, which  actually inflates retail prices billable to a patient or an insurance  provider, but insurers usually negotiate steep discounts to these  inflated prices that consumers and the employers who pay all the bills  never see. It is done behind closed doors.   More pricing transparency would address this market failure.  Increased competition gives more decision making to the people who are  supposed to use it.   This is why I introduced the truth in pricing act, which requires  health insurers to disclose negotiated rates, including any cost- sharing obligations for consumers for healthcare services covered under  their health plans. It is difficult for insured consumers to shop for  healthcare services in our current, opaque, and broken market within  which ObamaCare works, especially if they don't know actual prices.  Insurers have the unique ability to provide this information to  consumers.   Why subsidize insurance companies to pay for navigators and insurance  agents when we can instead make the market work better and be more  consumer-driven and transparent? This is the way we break the  stranglehold that government in big healthcare has on healthcare  delivery.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senator modify her request and  instead, as in legislative session, the Committee on HELP be discharged  from further consideration of S. 913, the True Price Act, and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, we have made  progress here this evening in the sense that my colleague has brought  up another topic--transparency for prescriptions.   Across the board, when it comes to hospitals and exposing their  charge practices, drug companies becoming transparent and competing,  health insurance companies getting rid of the secret agreements behind  the scenes, and even practitioners, publish your prices in print or on  the web so we as employers and consumers of healthcare can try to make  the right decisions and bring costs down.   I do object to the original request.   