 Madam Speaker, I thank our chairwoman, Carolyn Maloney,  in particular, and Peter King. From the very beginning, they have been  steadfast. And I say to you, the angels are singing now.   We all know it took some kicking and screaming to get this fund  established in the first place, but we got it through because a lot of  people were here before that period of time and gave us that support.   Firefighters are always there, but the work isn't over. They need our  help. Last year, the fund announced that, due to a funding shortfall,  injured and ill 9/11 responders and survivors will receive cuts to the  awards that they were expecting--big cuts, 50 percent, 70 percent--for  future claims. This is unacceptable.   So the all-clear sign after 9/11 from the Federal Government was  premature.    We have here today, and we are here today to state, it  will never be clear until we help every first responder who has  suffered in running to the tragedy. We need to act now.   Originally, this program was named after my constituent, New York  Police Department Detective James Zadroga. His service was exemplary.   Our friends keep dying--Mr. Alvarez, Mr. Pfeifer. Ground Zero.   Today we show that citizens care. We represent the citizens.   Madam Speaker, I thank this body for bringing us here today.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand in support of the heroic men and  women who ran towards the falling towers on September 11, 2001. I rise  for those who labored that day and for months in the toxic plume of  Ground Zero. And I stand here for their families who have borne the  burden of that sacrifice.   We all know it took some kicking and screaming to get this fund  established. But we got it through and it has helped these brave  Americans focus on their personal health and well-being. It has been  critical.   But the work isn't over. They need our help again. Last year the fund  announced that due to a funding shortfall, injured and ill 9/11  responders and survivors will receive cuts to the awards that they were  expecting. These are big cuts: 50 percent for pending claims and 70  percent for future claims.   Unacceptable.   We must act to make whole the responders, survivors, and their  families. The words ``Never Forget'' can't be a bumper sticker--we need  to act now.   Thankfully, this bill extends the fund through 2090 and funds to  ensure our first responders get the care they need.   Originally this program was named after my constituent, NYPD  detective James Zadroga. His service was exemplary.   But our friends keep dying. We have added the names of NYPD detective  Alvarez and FDNY firefighter Pfeifer, both 9/11 heroes who passed away  from cancer and other health problems linked to Ground Zero. Their  efforts shined a spotlight on all who are sick and dying, and helped  get the needed care from Congress.  [[Page H5749]]    All three devoted their lives to helping others.   Finally, I want to thank Congresswomen Carolyn Maloney for her  tireless work getting this bill on the floor for a vote.   We cannot let another day pass to help these brave first responders.  I encourage my colleagues to vote yes and hope the Senate doesn't play  the same games we saw last time. Our first responders had and have  America's back. Today we show, we citizen Representatives have their  back.   