 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak on the nomination of  Governor Michelle Bowman to be a member of the Board of Governors of  the Federal Reserve System and the nomination of Thomas Peter Feddo as  Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Investment Security in the  Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.   First, I will speak about Governor Bowman. Michelle Bowman currently  serves as a Governor on the Federal Reserve Board and was the first  person to fill the Federal Reserve's community banking seat, after her  confirmation last year by a bipartisan vote of 64 to 34. Her current  term expires on January 30, 2020, and President Trump has renominated  her to the same position for a full 14-year term.   Prior to serving as Governor, she was the State bank commissioner of  Kansas from January 2017 to November 2018. She also served as vice  president of a Kansas-based community bank, Farmers & Drovers Bank,  between 2010 and 2017 and served in a number of government roles.   Confirming Governor Bowman to a new 14-year term will provide the  needed stability on the Board.   During her current term as Governor, she has played a crucial role at  the Federal Reserve by providing the community banking perspective and  highlighting their importance to people, households, and small  businesses across this Nation, as well as the U.S. economy broadly. She  has also contributed meaningfully toward appropriately tailoring  regulations in accordance with S. 2155.   If confirmed, I am confident her experience and skill will continue  to benefit the Board in promoting the effective operation of the U.S.  economy and serving the public interest. I will be voting in support of  Governor Bowman and urge my colleagues to vote in support of her  nomination, as well, today.   Turning for a moment to another important issue regarding the Federal  Reserve, I want to reinforce that maintaining the independence of the  Federal Reserve is of the utmost importance in this country.   The recent remarks made by former New York Fed President Dudley  urging the Federal Reserve to sway an election by using monetary policy  are incredibly troubling. The job of the Federal Reserve is to provide  this Nation with a safer, more flexible, and more stable monetary and  financial system. I continue to encourage the Federal Reserve to  conduct its monetary policy while remaining independent of politics.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   