 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill at  this moment. My primary concern with the bill is quite simple--an  unrealistic top-line number. If we don't act soon, sequester cuts will  be the law of the land. These cuts would devastate our military and,  frankly, cause nothing short of a national security crisis. Sequester  cuts will also cause serious harm to our key important domestic  program.   Air traffic controllers could be furloughed, and vulnerable citizens  could lose housing assistance, including our veterans, our elderly, and  the disabled.   We must act with urgency to set a budget framework for this year.  Now, I am confident that because the leadership and leaders of the  Appropriations Committee--Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger-- were instrumental in finally getting us out of the shutdown, they are  going to be, thankfully, instrumental in this process as well, and that  is good news.   But, Mr. Chairman, I am also concerned about some partisan riders  included in this legislation. In the Transportation-Housing part of it,  riders in the bill would, for example, harm car manufacturers and  consumers. They could place unfair burdens on trucking companies. What  the language would do is place unfair burdens on trucking companies-- particularly the smaller ones by the way--and prevent the DOT from  recovering funds from the failed California high-speed rail project,  funds that have not been spent.   Now, while I have some serious concerns about these riders and grave  concern about, again, this body moving forward without a top-line cap  agreement, I will tell you that I am grateful and thankful for the work  of my friend--and I say that genuinely--  [[Page H4800]]  Chairman Price, on the Transportation and Housing bill.   Chairman Price has been responsive, responsible, and has done a very,  very good job listening to all Members from both sides of the aisle,  and I am very grateful, Mr. Chairman.   This package certainly has some good parts in it. Let me just mention  a few: ports funding, resources also for our veterans. And funding for  the STOP School Violence Act, which is why we have to get the top-line  number thing done now.   I would also add that the budget agreement must address the  humanitarian crisis at the border. We don't have the luxury of time.  The well-being of thousands of unaccompanied kids--children--is at risk  while we do not act on this. Federal agencies are being forced to cope  with the crisis without the resources that they are asking for and that  they need. Again, we have to act now, because already their educational  services, their legal services, and their recreational facilities are  being curtailed or cut entirely because of not having the funds that  they need, that they have asked for, and that this Congress has failed  to act on. We must also provide immediate relief to those individuals.   Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I have some concerns, and I would  respectfully ask for a ``no'' vote.   