 Mr. President, I rise tonight to speak about the issue  that has been consuming a lot of our time, and appropriately so, not  only tonight but for many weeks, since some of the tragedies of this  summer, starting in early August and continuing but also an issue that  has occupied the time of the American people over the course of not  just weeks or months but years and even decades now.   I thank our colleague from Connecticut, Senator Murphy, for  organizing this time to bring Members of the Senate together.   I thank my colleague from Ohio, Senator Brown, the senior Senator,  for his words tonight, his passion about this issue, and his commitment  to change. That should be a commitment that is shared by everyone here,  but we will be talking about what has not happened here tonight as much  as what has happened.   When I think about this issue, the issue of gun violence, which is an  epidemic, it is also uniquely an American problem. No other country has  this problem. In fact, America didn't have this problem for all of its  history. Depending on where you start the clock, it is years old, if  not a lot longer than that.   When I think about the issue and think about the debates we are  having, sometimes we start with the names of communities, and we,  unfortunately, have them memorized. So many communities are known for  so much--so much that is positive about their culture, about their  history, and about  [[Page S5528]]  their future, and the dynamism of some of our great communities.   There are some communities that have all that but also now have  attached to their history--I hope not forever but certainly for a  period of time--that that city, that community, was a place where an  act of gun violence occurred that was of such a scale that the American  people focused on that one community for a sustained period of time  because of a mass shooting.   Of course, we should be remembering all of the examples on a night  like tonight, where it doesn't reach the level of a mass shooting by  way of victims or carnage but also as a place we should remember when  one person dies on a dark street in the middle of the night or a child  is injured or in fact killed, but it may not be counted as a mass  shooting.   You know all the names now. Just this summer we have added several  more, as everyone knows. I will not go through all the events--these  horrific, tragic events--but it is important to remember the names of  the communities, and then, of course, I want to talk about some of the  people.   Whether it is El Paso or Dayton or Odessa-Midland--many years ago, it  was Columbine, it was Newtown, CT, Virginia Tech, Las Vegas, Parkland,  Aurora, CO, Orlando, and, more recently, Gilroy, CA, and Virginia  Beach. I have left a lot off. That is just a handful in the last number  of years.   So we think about this issue in terms of those who were lost or those  whose lives have been irreparably damaged, sometimes irreparably  damaged, permanently damaged because of the injury--an injury they will  carry with them for the rest of their lives.   Of course, you don't have to be physically injured to sustain an  injury by way of the impact on your psyche. I can't even imagine, can't  even begin to imagine, nor can most people imagine the horror of being  anywhere near a mass shooting.   Tonight we remember those victims and their families and those  communities. We also remember the individual people who were lost, the  individual families who were affected--mothers and fathers and brothers  and sisters, children. In so many of these instances, children are  directly affected or indirectly, but that indirect affect means they  lost a parent or they lost a sibling or they lost something in that  moment that they will be permanently scarred by for the rest of their  lives.   I want to focus on two groups of people tonight. We could spend hours  talking about so many Americans. One will be parochial in the sense  that it is about my home State of Pennsylvania, and the other will be  at the other end of the age scale about children who were lost in  December of 2012.   I will start with the most recent for Pennsylvania. We have had,  obviously, example after example--too many to count, hundreds and  hundreds--over the last couple of years where someone was killed or  injured.   We, thankfully, have not had multiple mass shootings, but just a  couple of weeks ago in the city of Philadelphia, on about the same day  that a guy was gunned down in Philadelphia, there was a standoff in a  Philadelphia neighborhood, where one gunman--because of the power of  his weapon and because of the advantage he had of being behind closed  doors--was able to hold off part of a police force because he was  shooting indiscriminately with a high-powered weapon.   Thankfully, those six police officers who were injured--the injuries  turned out to not be serious, and the police officers were released  virtually on the same day. So we were blessed on that day.   Right across the street, a very narrow street, there was a childcare  center that could have been the scene of horrific carnage if it had  gone another way. Thankfully, those children were safe in that  childcare center that wasn't a block away. It wasn't a half a block  away. It was barely yards and feet away. That childcare center was less  than the width of this Chamber away from where that shooter was  stationed.   I will start with folks who were worshiping in the Tree of Life  synagogue on a Saturday in October of 2018. I will not go through all  of the details, but I think everyone by now knows what happened there.  It was the worst act of violence against the Jewish community in  American history that we know of.   In this case, these were the victims. My wife Terese was kind enough  to suggest to me that when you have a list or something you want to  remember an event by, you should probably frame it or preserve it in  some fashion. She was kind enough to help me get this framed.   What I am holding here--you can't see it from any distance--is just a  framed card with names of the victims. I will just read what it says so  you know what I am talking about.   This card came from a newspaper, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, and the  date is October 29, 2018. They put this on the front page of the paper.  All it says is ``Victims of the Synagogue Shooting,'' and then it lists  each individual and their ages: Joyce Fienberg, 75; Richard Gottfried,  65; Rose Mallinger, 97; Jerry Rabinowitz, 66; Cecil Rosenthal, 59;  David Rosenthal, 54; Bernice Simon, 84; Sylvan Simon, 86; Daniel Stein,  71; Melvin Wax, 87; and Irving Younger, 69.   So this was a group of Pittsburghers worshiping on the Sabbath in a  synagogue. They were lost on that day because a hate-filled person came  into that synagogue, intent by way of things he said and intent by way  of the weapons he had and the ammunition he had, intent on killing as  many members of that congregation as possible--so, basically, a  congregation where the victims were ages 54 to 97.   That was one incident in my home State, and it seems like every State  has a day like that where a community is torn apart.   Those folks were obviously at the other end of the age scale. How  about folks a lot younger? This just happens to be a matted copy of a  page in the Wall Street Journal from December of 2012 after the  Newtown, CT, shooting that we all know, unfortunately, so much about-- Sandy Hook Elementary School.   This is dated December 17, 2012. What the Wall Street Journal did was  put a picture of each child with their name and their age and a little  vignette about their young life.   I will not go through all of them tonight. I have referred to them in  the past, and not every child had a picture ready at the time of this  publication. These 20 children and 7 adults listed here are part of  what we are talking about--the carnage that has enveloped our country  over these last number of years.   I want to read their names tonight, and then I want to get to the  legislation: Charlotte Bacon, 6; Daniel Barden, 7; Olivia Engel, 6;  Josephine Gay, 7; Ana Marquez-Greene, 6; Catherine V. Hubbard, 6; Jesse  Lewis, 6; Grace McDonnell, 7; Emilie Parker, 6; Noah Pozner, 6;  Caroline Previdi, 6; Jessica Rekos, 6; Madeline F. Hsu, 6; Chase  Kowalski 7; and James Mattioli, 6.   Then, there were several children who didn't have pictures at the  time of this publication for the Wall Street Journal: Dylan Hockley, 6;  Jack Pinto, 6; Avielle Richman, 6; Benjamin Wheeler, 6; and, Allison N.  Wyatt, age 6.   When we talk about what we should do here and what we must do, we  have to remember more than just a list of communities, which in a sense  is about place, and it is about geography. We also have to remember  those who were lost. I think we have to begin to ask ourselves some  really fundamental questions, maybe in ways we don't often do even in  this Chamber, even in this body, which is supposed to be the greatest  deliberative body in the world.   This is a place where we should ask some of the questions that many  of us have been asking. When we remember what those children suffered  and what their families suffered, is it too much to ask if we can pass  a background check bill that, as Senator Brown and so many others have  noted, is supported by more than 90 percent of the American people? Is  it too much of a lift for the Senate to pass just one bill?   It is not a bill that is going to solve all the problems. We know  that. Nobody is arguing that. But we know a recent example of where a  background check bill might have been the difference between the gunman  having a weapon and killing a number of Americans or not. That was  Odessa and Midland. We have to do a lot more than  [[Page S5529]]  background checks, but let's start with what is in front of us.   You have a piece of legislation that has been sitting here for over  200 days--over 200 days. It came over from the House, H.R. 8. H.R. 8,  in my judgment, is the best background check bill we have. There are  other proposals, and we should debate them. But is it too much of a  lift to say that we are going to debate and vote on H.R. 8, which  closes the loopholes on these background checks and I think would do  the best job of any proposal? Then, if someone has another proposal--I  know that Senator Manchin and Senator Toomey have a proposal--let's  debate that and vote on that too. If there is a third proposal, let's  debate and vote on that. Let's get it right, or at least let's give the  American people a chance to see whether or not this legislative body,  this Senate, reflects the will of the American people--the overwhelming  percentage of American people who support background checks.   We should also make sure there is an opportunity to debate and vote  on the Extreme Risk Protection Order Act or another version of that.  Let's make sure that happens.   I don't think we are asking the majority leader to take on a  challenge that he hasn't already committed to. What I heard Majority  Leader McConnell say in August was that when we come back, we will  debate and vote on at least those two measures. I think that was a  pretty clear promise. If we did that, would every problem be solved?  No. Would gun violence be substantially reduced in a matter of weeks or  months? No. No one is making that claim. But at least we could say that  we made some progress in reducing the likelihood of greater gun  violence.   I think the bigger question here that we have to ask over and over,  until we act or at least begin to act, is this: Is there nothing that  we can do? Because that is part of the argument by those who say no on  background checks, those who say no on extreme risk protection orders,  no on a limitation on the magazines and the number of bullets you can  shoot at any one time, which Senator Brown referred to. In Dayton, in  32 seconds, 9 people were killed and about 25 injured. In 32 seconds,  the police officers got there faster than superman could get there, and  that wasn't fast enough because of the power of the weapon and because  of the amount of ammunition.   There is nothing we can do about that, we are told. We are told over  and over, here and around the country, where disciples of this point of  view have their time to debate, that there is nothing that the most  powerful country in the history of the human race can do to make sure  that doesn't happen in another American city, or at least take action  to reduce the likelihood that that would happen in another American  city.   So there is apparently nothing, according to this argument, that this  great Nation of ours can do to prevent someone from, in 32 seconds,  killing 9 people and injuring, I guess, about 25.   What haunted me, among many things--and I am sure it haunted many  Americans at the time of the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School  in Newtown, CT, shooting--was that the evidence indicated, according to  an NBC News report at the time, which I was watching on my television  at home in Scranton, PA, that there was evidence that the killer, after  killing 20 children and several adults, was moving to the next  classroom. We know that hundreds of children were in that school. I  don't know the exact number, but it wasn't just a school of 20  children. A lot more than 20 were in that school.   Again, as for taking this argument that there is nothing we can do  except to enforce existing law, we hear over and over that we can't do  anything and that we have to enforce existing law. That is the  argument. They have been making this argument for decades. Based upon  that argument, there is nothing we could have done in that instance,  either, to prevent someone from killing 20 children or hundreds of  children in 1 school, and then maybe several months later going to  another school and killing hundreds of children.   Does anyone really believe that there is no law, no action you can  take to at least reduce the likelihood that that will not happen in the  United States of America? We don't believe that because we call  ourselves Americans. We have never had that attitude. Think of our  history. Think of what happened in the last century, if we had that  point of view: nothing we can do about this threat in Europe; nothing  we can do to advance medical research, because we just have to accept  the fact and try to nibble around the edges.    No one really believes that. So that argument is getting pretty  tired--that enforcement of existing law is the answer here.   This is a uniquely American problem. No country has this problem. It  has been building and building for years and decades. By inaction we  allow the problem to get a lot worse, and it is about as bad as it gets  right now. Huge numbers of Americans now--not like 5 percent or 8  percent, but like 40 percent of Americans now--believe that they can be  a victim of gun violence. Forty percent of a country of over 300  million people believes that because of what they have seen. But again,  the answer here from one side over and over is that there is nothing we  can do, as more and more people believe they could be a victim next.   You saw the footage for the news coverage of children going off to  school at the start of this school year with their backpacks with a  protective shield, like a Kevlar shield--I am not sure exactly what it  is, but I saw the reports--in their backpack. An American child has to  go to school and have armor-plated backpacks in America--that is not  happening anywhere else--because their parents are worried about them  going to school. Now we have to worry about where you go to school,  where you worship, where you go for entertainment, and what public  event do you not want to go to, because the U.S. Senate, for years now,  hasn't voted on a series of gun bills in years. I guess people should  get used to being afraid and wondering if they will be next or their  children will be next.   In essence, what they are telling us on the other side, when they say  no to background checks, absolutely not--that is what they are saying-- and no to any kind of action, is that the most powerful country in the  world should surrender to this problem. That is what it is. It is  surrendering to this problem--that there is nothing that this country  can do to make sure that you never have a full page of a newspaper with  20 children listed there ages 6 and 7 years old. That is not America.  That is not who we are or, at least, it is not who we claim to be.   I would say in conclusion--and I know I am well over my time--that  the least we can do--this isn't hard, guys--is to debate and vote.  Debate and vote--is that hard? It is not that strenuous--to debate and  vote on background checks, to debate and vote on extreme risk  protection orders. I would go further than that, but we don't have time  for that tonight. Let's debate and vote. We are not going to wait. Why  would we wait for the President to give us the high sign about what he  will sign into law?   This Chamber should not wait for any other official. We should debate  and vote and see where things are. The American people will sort it out  after we vote, and they will know who is on the record voting which  way. But at least let's give them something to indicate that we are  Americans. We don't surrender to problems. We don't surrender to big  problems. We don't surrender to problems from an enemy, from a disease,  and from an epidemic called gun violence.   I yield the floor.   