 Mr. President, in the United States we are known as the  land of the free. There is a reason for that. It is because we are the  home of the brave. Our military men and women represent the very best  of America. In fact, the good Word tells us that ``Greater love hath no  man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.''   When a young man or a young woman volunteers to serve, he or she is  writing a blank check made payable to the United States of America for  an amount up to and including their life. In Montana, we are very  fortunate to have so many heroes hail from our great State, including  many who now work on my staff and on behalf of the people of Montana.  Great Montanans like Christy Hagler, Denny Lenoir, Robin Baker, and Jim  Korth. We are all so very fortunate to have Dillon Vaden and Doug Pack  on staff here in DC currently serving in the Marine Corps.   Thank you for your service to our country. Thank you for your service  to the people of Montana.   In fact, just last fall, I had the honor of visiting the men and  women of Kalispell's 495th CSSB while they were deployed in  Afghanistan. They flew over to Kabul and to Bagram Air Base. I had a  chance to spend time with these great Montanans.   Just a few months ago, I had the privilege of welcoming these same  soldiers home after they had been deployed for 9 long months. These men  and women had been far away from their families and from their friends  across the holidays. Many of them were with us that night on the tarmac  as they were risking their lives to protect our freedom. Seeing them  reunited with their loved ones was a powerful experience for both  Cindy, my wife, and me. It is one that I will never, ever forget. But  the sad reality is that some of our Montana heroes do not make it back.  SSG Travis Atkins is a Bozeman native. In fact, Travis and I both went  to the same high school. He was recently awarded the highest military  distinction in this country by President Trump, and that is the Medal  of Honor.   You see, Sergeant Atkins willingly laid down his life when he tackled  a suicide bomber to shield the blast from his fellow soldiers in order  to save their lives--a true hero. The sacrifice he made for his country  and his fellow soldiers will never be forgotten.  [[Page S2862]]    Over in Fort Harrison, MT, MSG Jesse Edinger of the Army National  Guard has been welcoming home the fallen since 2006. He knows what  sacrifice looks like. He is no stranger to combat, having served three  deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. He earned his national instructor  certification and has taught over the years hundreds of soldiers within  his region to be honor guard trained. He has also performed more than  1,100 military funerals for Montana veterans, which included the  service for SSG Travis Atkins.   While we all appreciate our brave men or brave women who serve in the  military every day, this month is Military Appreciation Month. This  month is about giving these men and women the added appreciation they  richly deserve.   I will continue to advocate for policies that strengthen our military  and give our men and our women who serve the strategic advantages they  need to win.   Thank you to all who serve and to all who have served. On behalf of a  very grateful Nation, we honor you, and we appreciate you.   I yield back.   