 Madam President, if you are a baseball fan, and many of  us are, this is a big day--the day of the All-Star game.   I would like to spend just a few moments reflecting on an important  issue for the fans of baseball across America.   Thirty-five million people every year enjoy one of America's great  summer experiences--seeing a game at a Major League Baseball park. Fans  join their friends and family to eat hot dogs, nachos, peanuts, and so  much more. We sing the national anthem together at the start of the  game and ``Take Me Out to the Ball Game'' at the seventh inning  stretch, a tradition started by a man named Harry Caray in a place  called Wrigley Field.   Some--the more dedicated fans--keep scorecards of home runs, RBIs,  and earned run averages. Sadly, there is another statistic that has  been seeing more and more attention lately--injuries to fans.   A Bloomberg report from 2014 estimated 1,750 fans suffer injuries in  Major League Baseball parks every season. Some are hit by balls; others  are injured trying to escape being hit by a ball. This is far too many.   On May 29, a 2-year-old girl was hit by a foul ball at Houston's  Minute Maid Park. She suffered bleeding, bruises, and brain contusions  from the ball's impact. Her skull was fractured. She continues to  suffer seizures.   What makes her injuries even more disturbing is that they likely  could have been prevented had the safety netting behind homeplate been  extended.   Cubs outfielder Albert Almora, who hit the ball, was so devastated by  the little girl's injuries that he could barely speak. One will never  forget the image of his head bowed, crying, when he saw the damage that  was done to this innocent little 2-year-old girl by a foul ball that he  hit.   What did he say afterward? ``I want to put a net around the whole  stadium.''   In the weeks following, we have seen more injuries in the stands. On  June 10, a woman was struck by a line drive at Guaranteed Rate Field in  Chicago. Two weeks later, a young woman was hit by a foul ball at  Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles.   A survey by the polling organization FiveThirtyEight found that  14,000 more foul balls were hit in 2018 than 1998, and there is just no  way--no way--for fans to entirely protect themselves. Here come these  baseballs at 105 miles an hour off the bat. Even if you are watching it  intently, you just can't protect yourself or the people you love who  are watching the game with you. Bryant Gumbel made that point on his  cable TV show on this very subject.   If fans can't do more, baseball teams can. In 2017, after a child was  hit by a line drive at Yankee Stadium in New York, I wrote a letter to  Major League Baseball commissioner Rob Manfred. I urged the league to  extend safety netting at all Major League Baseball stadiums past the  home plate to the far edge of each dugout. To their credit, the league  did exactly that.   It is now clear, however, that is not enough. The little girl at  Minute Maid Park was 10 feet beyond current netting.   In June, the Chicago White Sox became the first Major League Baseball  team to announce it is going to extend netting to the foul poles. Let  me tip my hat to Jerry Reinsdorf, the owner of the Chicago White Sox,  for leading the way with this safety measure. The Washington Nationals,  the Texas Rangers, and the Pittsburgh Pirates are all planning to do  the same, and the Los Angeles Dodgers are conducting a study before  making a protective strategy permanent.   I commend all these clubs for their leadership and commitment to fan  safety, but I think we need more. We need a leaguewide standard.   Last month, my colleague from Illinois, Senator Tammy Duckworth, and  I wrote to Commissioner Manfred calling on all 30 Major League Baseball  teams to extend the protective netting to the right- and left-field  corners.   Folks who complain that extending the safety netting to the foul  poles will create an obstructed view ignore the obvious--right now, the  most expensive seats in baseball are behind the nets, and people don't  complain. It is something you get used to, and you can get used to the  safety of it as well. We should be reminded that the most expensive and  popular seats have been behind netting for decades.   In 2002, a 13-year-old girl named Brittanie Cecil died after being  struck in the head by a hockey puck at a National Hockey League game in  Columbus, OH. The National Hockey League responded quickly, ordering  protective netting behind the goal. Major League Baseball should show  equal concern for its fans.   Ensuring the safety of fans at baseball stadiums is a tradition that  stretches back to 1879, when the Providence Grays put up a screen  behind homeplate to shield fans from the area that was called ``the  slaughter pen'' at that time.   The increasing number of fans hit by balls makes it clear that new  safety standards are needed at ballparks.   Today, we will see Major League Baseball's finest players at the All- Star game. Baseball fans deserve the best too. I urge Commissioner  Manfred and all baseball teams to extend safety netting at Major League  Baseball parks to the foul poles. Let's not wait until next season.  Increasing fan safety is a win for everyone.    Madam President, this week, the Republican leader,  Senator McConnell, has scheduled a vote on a nominee to fill a Ninth  Circuit seat based in California.   But the nominee, Daniel Bress, is a Washington, DC, lawyer who has  only lived in California for 1 year since high school.   Mr. Bress checks many of the usual boxes that we see for Republican  judicial nominees: He is very young--only 40 years old--he has a track  record of representing big corporate interests, and he is a longtime  member of the Federalist Society.   But what is new and different about this nominee is that, by any  reasonable standard, he is not a member of the legal community of the  State in which he would sit if confirmed.   Mr. Bress is listed by the California bar as an out-of-State  attorney. He belongs to no legal societies or organizations in  California. He has only worked  [[Page S4724]]  on a handful of matters in California courts.   He doesn't own property in California or even have a California  driver's license. Mr. Bress's nomination is opposed by California's two  Senators, neither of whom have provided a blue slip. He was reported  out of the Judiciary Committee with opposition from all committee  Democrats.   To my Republicans colleagues, I say this: The vote on the Bress  nomination will set a precedent that could come back to haunt your  State.   Any Senator who votes to confirm Mr. Bress is giving their blessing  to a process that could cause an out-of-state attorney to be seated in  a circuit court judgeship in your own State, over the objection of your  State's Senators.   There are thousands of well-qualified attorneys living and practicing  in California whom the Trump administration could have selected for  this California-based Ninth Circuit seat. They bypassed all of them in  favor of a Washington, DC, attorney with minimal California ties.   There have been many breakdowns in the Senate's process for  confirming judicial nominees under this Republican majority. If the  Senate votes to confirm Mr. Bress, it would represent yet another new  precedent that diminishes the Senate's advice and consent process. I  urge my colleagues to vote no.    I announce that the Senator from New York (Mrs.  Gillibrand) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from New York (Mrs.  Gillibrand) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from New York (Mrs.  Gillibrand) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily  absent.  [[Page S4725]]     I announce that the Senator from New York (Mrs.  Gillibrand) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), are necessarily  absent.   