 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand up for small business owners  across our country who want to do the patriotic thing and provide  economic opportunities to those serving in the military Reserves.   I represent Burlington County and Ocean County in New Jersey, home to  Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. Approximately 5,500 reservists are  currently serving at our joint base, and 99 percent of New Jersey  businesses are classified as small businesses.   For those small business owners who are members of the Reserves or  want to hire reservists, there is uncertainty and risks that come with  unexpected deployments and activations to Active Duty. During times of  war, we not only ask these reservists to sacrifice during their service  but to sacrifice their economic well-being.   In 2003, during the Iraq war, a small business owner and  servicemember named Stanley Adams was called to Active Duty. Mr. Adams,  who owned two thriving livestock trailer companies, had to close one  down and saw revenue plummet during his deployment. In an interview,  Mr. Adams said, ``Everything came to a halt, and all this money still  had to be paid.''   We owe our servicemembers more than that. Serving our country  shouldn't be a barrier to those who want to start or work for a small  business. We should reward these patriots, not create an environment of  economic uncertainty.   That is why I am proud to introduce the bipartisan Patriotic Employer  Protection Act with Congressman Burchett. The Patriotic Employer  Protection Act would restructure two programs--the Military Reservist  Economic Injury Disaster Loan program and the Repayment Deferral for  Active Duty Reservists program--so that they better reflect the current  deployment trends of reservists. The bill would allow these programs to  be used for any reservists being ordered to Active Duty for a period of  more than 30 consecutive days, broadening the program to more people in  need.    In addition, the bill would create a new business training program to  provide counseling and assistance to support members of the Reserves  and their spouses, as well as direct the Small Business Administration  to develop more targeted and effective outreach to reservists and small  business owners.   The American Legion, which has endorsed this bill, has called these  important programs ``underutilized because their eligibility  restrictions do not fully reflect current deployment practices.'' This  bill fixes that and empowers small business owners across the country  to provide a path to the American Dream for those servicemembers who  fight to protect it every day.   Mr. Speaker, I hope you will join myself and Congressman Burchett in  supporting this bill.   