 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I come down to the Chamber today to talk a  little bit and highlight the vast differences in the priorities between  the two Chambers in the U.S. Congress today.   Several of my colleagues will be down here a little later today to  talk about and to encourage the passage of the National Defense  Authorization Act--a bill, by the way, that passed the Senate in a very  strong bipartisan way, reflective of strong bipartisan input, in a vote  of 86 to 8. The House also passed their version of the National Defense  Authorization Act on more of a party-line vote.   The point being, both Chambers have passed it; the reconciliation of  the two bills has begun; the negotiations have begun, but they have  been stalled. I think it is a strong reflection of the differences  between the two Chambers.   First, I will talk a little bit about why it is important that we do  this job. First of all, there have been 58 years in a row that the NDAA  has passed the House and the Senate and signed into law. Why? Well,  because it is the highest priority of the government--of all the bills  we do every year, apart from and very close to appropriations, would be  authorization of our national defense programs. That is why it has  happened 58 years in a row.   It is important for a number of reasons. One of the things that both  the House version and the Senate version of the NDAA does is highlight  the importance of space with the creation of a Space Force, as we call  it the Senate, and Space Corps, as they call it in the House.  Nonetheless, it is similar, and it represents and recognizes the  importance of space domain as a warfighting domain going forward, a  priority that our near-peer allies have already recognized in their  policies.   Without NDAA passing, that goes by the wayside for at least another  year. It also fully funds several national priorities, not the least of  which is, of course, the largest pay increase in 10 years for our men  and women who wear the uniform.   On a more local level for me, it authorizes the modernization of our  nuclear fleet, including the ground-based missiles known as the ICBMs  that we have 150 of in North Dakota at Minot.  [[Page S6528]]  It modernizes this system, which is several decades old. If we need  anything, we need to modernize our weapons systems again to keep pace  with our near-peer adversaries.   It also authorizes millions of dollars in funds to the national  Global Hawk mission, which is headquartered in Grand Forks, another  very important Air Force base in my State. It authorizes funds for the  MQ-9 program. MQ-9s are flown by North Dakota Air National Guardsmen in  Fargo's Happy Hooligans. It also advances the mission of the Cavalier  Air Force Station in Cavalier, ND, one of the very few space radar  stations, and it ensures that the needs of all our Guard operations are  met.   The House bill, by the way, also does something that is very  important to me. It is a bill I have introduced, along with my  colleagues from New York, that honors the 74 sailors who lost their  lives in the Frank E. Evans 50 years ago during the Vietnam war. These  sailors' names have been left off the Vietnam Memorial Wall over a  minor technicality, a technicality that probably shouldn't be in the  rules to begin with, but certainly it has been waived in many other  circumstances and needs to be waived in this NDAA. I would love to get  that House language into the final bill.   None of these priorities are going to be met if House Democrats--and  I focus on House Democrats--if they don't come to the table and act in  good faith and negotiate in good faith. Senate Democrats have had a  major part in this, and I welcome every bit of involvement they  provide.   One of the joys of being on the Armed Services Committee for me has  been being able to see a functioning committee that works well across  party lines. Obviously, Senate Republicans are all on board. House  Republicans are all on board. For some reason, the House leadership on  the Democratic side is focused on other priorities, and the contrast  could not be more clear.   While we have been working hard in the Senate on appropriations, as  well as the Defense authorization, our chairman has used his voice-- Chairman Inhofe--and used his incredible work ethic and his wisdom in  working with Senator Reed, the ranking Democrat, on getting these  priorities to the forefront. I can't think of a better tandem than  those two gentlemen.   Chairman Inhofe is truly one of the hardest working, most decent, and  honorable people I have ever worked with. Chairman Smith, the chairman  in the House committee, could learn a few things from him.   Again, while we passed the bill with overwhelming bipartisan support,  the House bill was a much more partisan exercise. We want to prevent a  government shutdown. We want to prevent a continuing resolution. So  along with the NDAA, of course, is the Defense appropriations bill, and  we have to get both of them done. We want to give our military a win- win situation, where they get the pay raises, where they get the  modernization they need, where new programs can be launched, and where  we can provide long-term certainty.   While we are trying to provide at least a win for our military,  Democrats in the House are focused on trying to win the 2016  Presidential election, not even thinking so much about the next one.  They are involved in a kangaroo court over there. I watched a half hour  of it today, and I could hardly believe what I was seeing. Today's  political theater in the House is unnecessary, and 3 years into it, it  is an outward demonstration of the inward motivation of a party that is  trying to undo the Presidency of Donald Trump.   Instead of prioritizing our constitutional responsibilities, they are  engaged in political theater in a kangaroo court. I am pleading, once  again, with my colleagues across the aisle and especially across the  Capitol, in these last couple of days, while the negotiators are  together trying to figure out a path forward, please come to the table,  please act in good conscience. Please, please, please look for  opportunities where we can compromise, and, for Pete's sake, let's at  least pass the things we all agree on.   I yield the floor.   