 Madam President, first of all, I want to thank my friend,  the Senator from Minnesota, Ms. Klobuchar, for her leadership and  passion on this issue.   This shouldn't be that hard. I know we addressed some of the  legislation she has talked about, and also earlier Senator Blumenthal  came to the floor as well. I think the theme you are going to hear from  all three of us is that while we may have made some progress, the truth  is, we are simply not doing enough to secure our election  infrastructure.   There is a series of bills that I think are common sense and, if they  got to the floor, would get 75 votes and maybe even more.   Over the past few weeks, I have come to the floor a couple of times  to try to move by unanimous consent my legislation known as the FIRE  Act. I am not going to do that this morning, but I do want to highlight  this bill as one more example of commonsense, bipartisan election  security legislation that unfortunately is not getting its chance to be  debated on the floor of the Senate.   The FIRE Act would simply require Presidential campaigns to do the  right thing and report offers of foreign assistance--offers which are  already spelled out as illegal--to the FBI. Anyone who says it does  anything else, such as limiting contacts with the foreign press or  limiting contact with foreign diplomats--somebody said it might  eliminate communications with Dreamers--is just flat wrong.   If there are ways to improve the bipartisan legislation, I am wide  open to that. I don't know how anyone could be against the idea of  putting our country over narrow interests or putting our national  security concerns over political advantage. In fact, a new poll last  week found that 87 percent of Americans support this idea. The same  poll found that an extraordinarily large majority of Americans believe  that it is wrong for campaigns to accept foreign assistance and that  Congress should pass legislation to secure our elections.   Unfortunately, in the nearly 3 years since we uncovered Russia's  attack on our democracy, this body has not held a single vote on stand- alone legislation to protect our election security. It is true that we  did approve some additional funding to secure the 2018 midterm  elections, and I commend the folks at DHS for the job they did. I am  proud of that. But we would be making an enormous mistake if we simply  patted ourselves on the back and said that because the Russians or  others didn't launch a full-frontal attack in 2018, we are safe on a  going-forward basis.   Please, don't take my word for it. Let's look at what Special  Prosecutor Bob Mueller said last week. He said that the Russians are  continuing to attack virtually every day. The bipartisan Intelligence  Committee election security report said that we have made progress, but  there is more that needs to be done. Christopher Wray, the Director of  the FBI, in recent testimony said this is an ongoing challenge. Dan  Coats, for whom I have enormous respect and feel it is unfortunate that  he left the position of Director of National Intelligence--and maybe he  left because he was willing to continue to speak truth to power--said  that our election security system is not secure enough. Even Gina  Haspel, the Director of the CIA, has continued to point out that Russia  and other foreign influences are trying to attack our democracy.   Candidly, it has been a little bit disappointing that some of my  colleagues are trying to turn this into a partisan issue. Securing our  democracy is not a Democratic or Republican issue. The absurdity of  that is like saying: Well, maybe we should think about protecting our  power grid as a partisan issue. We know and have seen evidence  [[Page S5284]]  of foreign efforts to try to interfere with our power grid. Well, the  country steps up and puts security measures in place. Shouldn't we  expect the same kind of attention and commonsense approach when we see  those same foreign adversaries attack our election infrastructure? I  think we do need to take that kind of step and move forward.   Senator Klobuchar already made mention of some of this legislation,  and I know my friend the Senator from Georgia is here, so I will try to  wrap up.   There was a broad bipartisan group of Senators in the last Congress  who introduced the Secure Elections Act--something I was proud to be  part of. That bipartisan bill would have provided the additional  resources for State and local election officials while still preserving  local control of elections. What that legislation would have done was  simply say that if local or State election officials want additional  help from the Federal Government, they have to meet some basic, de  minimis standards. We have to make sure that every polling station in  America has a paper ballot backup. We have to make sure that there is  appropriate auditing of how we do in our election systems.   I wish the bill would have done more and gone up the food chain to  the three private companies that control 90 percent of all of our voter  files. Maybe that could be action we could take in the future. If those  voter files were hacked into, they wouldn't have to change the vote  totals; they simply would have to move people from one voting precinct  to another to create chaos on election day.   Senator Klobuchar also mentioned legislation that she, Senator  Graham, and I worked on, a bipartisan bill to prevent disinformation-- particularly on the internet--called the Honest Ads Act. It would  require the same disclosure rules for political ads on Facebook that  are already in place for television, radio, and newsprint.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of another bipartisan bill called the  DETER Act, sponsored by Senator Rubio and Senator Van Hollen. They are  absolutely right in saying that we need to put in place automatic  consequences if Russia or other nations use their 2016 playbook once  again to try to interfere in our 2020 elections. Let's warn our  adversaries that there will be consequences if they once again try to  interfere in our election process.   These are just a few of the largely bipartisan ideas with regard to  protecting the United States against foreign attacks on our election  systems. I am sure there would be suggestions on how we can improve  this legislation. That is fine. That is what we are here to do. Let's  debate, vote, and add amendments.   What we should not do is simply pretend this threat is going away. We  should not simply assume that because we improved in 2018, we are safe  in 2020. We should recognize that local and State election officials  need the kind of assistance, paper ballot backup, and the same  responsibility that Federal campaign officials in Presidential  campaigns ought to have--an affirmative duty to report. Political ads  that pop up on Facebook ought to have the same kind of legal  requirements that ads on television have. I don't think this is too  much to ask. I think the overwhelming majority of Americans expect us  to do our job on this issue.   I hope when the Senate reconvenes in September that maybe people can  be refreshed by their voters back in their home States, because I am  sure that when you go to whatever State and visit with folks and talk  about election security, they will say to the Congress and Senate: Do  your job and pass commonsense legislation.   Let's make sure our election security is absolutely as safe as it can  be as we move into the 2020 elections.   I yield the floor.   