 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, first, I thank Chairman Schiff and  Ranking Member Nunes for their work on the Intelligence Authorization  Act this year. It is always a pleasure to serve under Chairman Schiff's  leadership. Without it, the Intelligence Committee would not have been  able to pass such a strong bill out of committee.   I rise today, Mr. Chair, in support of an amendment that I have  offered to the underlying bill text. This amendment will help the  United States protect the integrity of its economic supply chain  infrastructure. I am pleased that my good friend Representative Elise  Stefanik has joined me in cosponsoring this amendment.   Today, businesses and organizations in the United States face an  array of distinct and stealthy threats. The American supply chain is  under repeated attack from foreign intelligence services, cyber  hackers, and sophisticated criminal enterprises.   Unfortunately, experienced adversaries often exploit vulnerabilities  in American companies' technological infrastructure or weak links in  their organizational supply chain so that they can steal their  intellectual property, co-opt equipment from suppliers, damage  software, or conduct surveillance. Moving forward, we must be more  vigilant to stop them.   The Carson-Stefanik amendment, Mr. Chair, will guard against these  grave concerns, and it will lead to stronger safeguards for the supply  chain by mandating the National Counterintelligence and Security Center  to produce a plan within 6 months to strengthen the supply chain  intelligence function within the intelligence community.   The plan, Mr. Chair, will identify personnel with the right expertise  from the intelligence community workforce, outline budgetary and  resource needs, and describe the necessary authorities and governance  structure for future implementation of this plan.   It will inform both the executive branch and Congress' efforts to  enhance our defenses against exploitation of the supply chain.   The United States remains one of the most technologically advanced  economies in the world. Throughout the past century, America has  enjoyed unprecedented economic growth because of the ingenuity of our  people and the technological innovation that undergirds that  entrepreneurial spirit.   While that economic growth has not always been evenly distributed,  and we are still wrestling with debates about economic inequality,  surrendering our technological edge and innovative advantages to  strategic rivals would pose a huge risk to America's future prosperity  and security.   I believe, Mr. Chair, it is very important to offer this amendment,  recognizing the evolving and emerging threats to our Nation's supply  chain infrastructure. In a very rapidly developing global economy, the  intelligence community must work to safeguard the core of what America  and her competitive strength is: economic, intellectual, and  technological ingenuity.   My amendment proactively works toward that goal, ensuring that we  stay on top of those varying threats to our supply chain infrastructure  that emanate from strategic rivals.   In addition to this amendment, Mr. Chair, I would like to highlight  another important part of the base bill. This year's Intelligence  Authorization Act includes an entire section on domestic terrorism. It  is important that we acknowledge domestic terrorism as a very serious  threat, and we must do more than just talk about it as a societal  problem. We must act.  [[Page H5889]]    Domestic terrorism incidents in the U.S. are on the rise, fueled by  hatred, stoked by fear, and inspired by dangerous rhetoric. At a time  when this President is ignoring the truth about domestic terrorism, and  his administration is concealing and hiding the proliferation of white  supremacist-inspired incidents, Congress and the public urgently need  more information to better understand and prevent domestic terrorism.   Specifically, Mr. Chair, this bill would require the FBI, Department  of Homeland Security, and NCTC to produce an annual report on domestic  terrorism. With the reporting that is mandated in the underlying  intelligence authorization bill, we can better determine how to change  the law and make the necessary adjustments to procedures and to  adequately shift current practices in order to fully address the threat  of domestic terrorism and its root causes.   Much of the report, Mr. Chair, would be made available to the public,  increasing transparency, while the full report would be provided to  oversight committees in greater detail. It would be valuable  information and would require an annual strategic assessment on trends  and patterns. Ultimately, it will dramatically expand the information  on domestic terrorism available to Congress and the public.   I urge my colleagues to support the Carson-Stefanik amendment and the  underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   