 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel for helping to  shepherd this legislation through the committee last year and for  bringing it to the floor so quickly this year. I thank the ranking  member, I thank my fellow co-chairs of the Anti-Semitism Task Force,  and I especially want to thank my colleague, Chris Smith, who has been  a stalwart ally in combating anti-Semitism and has worked to create and  strengthen this position for many years.   Mr. Speaker, 4 years ago, on January 9, 2015, a gunman entered a  kosher supermarket in Paris, killing four. Last year, on the  anniversary of the Hypercacher shooting, another kosher supermarket in  southern Paris was targeted with swastikas and arson.   Tragically, there have been countless attacks against the Jewish  communities of Europe over the last few years, some of which make  headlines, but many of which don't: The anti-Semitic murder of a  Holocaust survivor; the man attacked in Germany for wearing a kippah, a  Jewish skullcap; the shootings at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in  Brussels that killed four; the shooting at a Bat Mitzvah in Copenhagen;  an 11-year-old in England attacked on the street as children shouted,  ``Burn all the Jews;'' and White supremacists and anti-Semites marching  in European capitals.   Anti-Semitism is certainly not a new phenomenon, but we should expect  that the United States Government would take a leading role in  tracking, combating, and preventing it.   After October 27, when the deadliest attack on the Jewish community  in America took place and 11 Jews were gunned down for practicing their  religion, America has an obligation to lead. We need a global-facing  officer at the State Department who will engage Jewish communities and  European leaders to make their countries safer for Jews.    We have repeatedly asked this administration to fill the Special  Envoy position. They have left it vacant for almost 2 full years under  two different Secretaries of State. Members of Congress have sent  letters to the White House and the State Department. We have asked  administration officials in person about when or whether they plan to  appoint a Special Envoy. There is bipartisan frustration over the  delay.   Mr. Speaker, anti-Semitism is the canary in the coal mine. When it is  present in your country, there is hatred in your country. I am pleased  the House will vote on this bipartisan bill early in this Congress to  send a clear message to the administration that there is no time to  waste. Democrats and Republicans together expect America and the  President to stand firmly against anti-Semitism by filling this  important position.   