 Madam President, on behalf of all of us, I want to  thank the Democratic leader for his courtesy and his support on this.  He and Senator McConnell have made it possible for us to do this.   I am going to limit my remarks to a couple of minutes, and then  Senator Murray and then Senator Scott, Senator Coons, Senator Jones are  here, and we will finish by 10:50.   Madam President, it is hard to think of a piece of legislation that  would have a more lasting impact upon minority students in America than  the bill that the Senate just passed.   I believe, in doing so, we have improved the provision in the House  bill that was sent to us. That is what we did; we amended a House bill  that we are now sending back to them. We have been working with leaders  in the House to make sure that our bill is something the House can  accept and pass. We hope that will happen in the next couple of weeks,  and here is the result of it happening: No. 1, a big step for  historically Black colleges and minority institutions--permanent  funding at the level of $255 million a year for those institutions that  serve up to 2 million minority students. That is No. 1.   The second big step is one that Senator Murray and I and our  committee, Senator Jones, Senator Bennet, Senator King, and many others  have been working on for 5 years to simplify the form that students use  to apply for Federal aid for college. Twenty million families fill out  what is called the FAFSA, a Federal aid form, every year; then we have  students who borrow more than $100 billion a year. What we have done in  this bill is reduce the complexity of filing that FAFSA form by saying  to students: You don't have to give your Federal tax information to the  government twice. We will take the up to 22 questions that are a part  of the 108-question FAFSA, and we will eliminate them, and if the  student gives his or her express consent, the Internal Revenue Service  will answer those questions for the student.   I can't tell you how many times students, parents, college  presidents, Federal aid counselors have told me that the application  and the verification of this information has discouraged low-income  students from coming to college.   Five and one-half million of the twenty million students who fill out  these forms have the accuracy of those forms questioned. This will  eliminate that for most of the students because they will have to give  that information to the government only once.   I want to thank Senator Murray especially for her work on this. We  work together on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee  in the Senate, but Senator Coons, Senator Scott, Senator Richard Burr  of North Carolina--which has the largest number of historically Black  colleges--and Senator Jones of Alabama have also been crucial with  their support.   I yield the floor to Senator Murray.    Mr. President, today, the Senate passed a solution  that Senator Murray and I reached to permanently fund historically  Black colleges and universities and other minority serving  institutions.   It is hard to think of a piece of legislation that would have more of  a lasting impact on minority students and their families than this  bill.   This legislation does two things:   First, it provides permanent funding--that is fully paid for--for  HBCUs and other Minority-Serving Institutions attended by over 2  million minority students.   Second, after 5 years of bipartisan effort, it greatly simplifies the  free application for Federal student aid--the  [[Page S6886]]  FAFSA--that 20 million families, including 8 million minority students,  fill out every year to qualify for Federal student aid.   This bipartition provision--which was sponsored by Senators Murray,  Whitehouse, and Gardner when it passed the Senate by unanimous consent  last December--stops families from having to give their same tax  information to the Federal Government twice--first to the IRS, then  again to the Department of Education. Students give permission to the  IRS and the Department of Education to share tax return data, which  eliminates up to 22 questions on the FAFSA with one click.   It should eliminate most of the so-called verification process, which  is a bureaucratic nightmare that 5.5 million students go through  annually to make sure the information they gave to the Department of  Education is exactly the same as they gave to the IRS. The president of  East Tennessee State University recently told me that half the students  applying to ETSU go through verification at some point.   According to the Department of Education, it helps taxpayers by  eliminating up to $6 billion each year in mistakes--both in  overpayments and underpayments--in Pell grants and student loans.   It has taken 20 years to reach this result, and it would not have  happened without Jeff Appel, a longtime staff member at the Department  of Education who recently passed away, and Secretary DeVos and  Secretary Mnuchin's commitment to getting this over the finish line.   In addition, I want to thank the staff who have been instrumental in  getting the proposal to this place: on Senator Murray's staff, Kara  Marachione, Bryce McKibben, Mary Barry, and Evan Schatz. Conor Sheehey  with Senator Scott. Rebecca Howard with Senator Jones. Christopher  Toppings with Senator Burr. Corey Linehan with Senator Coons. And from  my staff, Robert Moran, Lauren Davies, Andrew LaCasse, Mary Catherine  Cook, and David Cleary.   The final step to simplify the FAFSA is to pass additional  legislation that will reduce the 108 questions on the FAFSA to a total  of between 18 and 30 questions and make Pell grants predictable so  students can know how much grant aid they will receive to attend  college.   I and Senators Murray, Scott, Jones, Burr, and Coons worked together  to reach this result and I am glad the Senate passed it today so it can  be sent to the House and signed into law by the President before the  end of the year.   