 Mr. President, today we will consider funding to address  the humanitarian crisis on the border. The spending bill will be $4  billion. While there is a humanitarian crisis at the border, we also  have in our country a debt crisis. We are adding debt at about $1  trillion every year. The overall debt is $22 trillion, and the interest  on the debt that we have to pay every year is exploding such that it is  crowding out other spending.   While I do agree that there is a humanitarian crisis at the border,  we must not ignore the debt crisis that faces our country. We should  not borrow the money and pull out the credit card, yet again, every  time a crisis occurs. Congress has an obligation to find lower  priorities to cut to pay for higher priorities. I thought that is what  legislating was about. You are supposed to say that right now we have a  crisis at the border. So maybe we are not going to send welfare to  foreign countries. Every American family has to make these decisions.  Why doesn't Congress? What Congress does is simply add it to the bill  your kids and your grandkids will be paying.   I am proposing to actually pay for this by taking the money from a  part of the budget that is being wasted and put it into the  humanitarian crisis on the border. Should we provide care and shelter  to immigrants at the border or should we be paying for clown shows and  a traveling circus? Should we provide food for the children that remain  at the border or should we pay to support the businesses of deported  immigrants?   Listen carefully. When we catch people coming across the border  illegally, we send them back to the country and say: Don't worry. We  will send you money to help you start a business.   They break our law, and we give them money to start a business back  in their home country. If you ask politicians here, the answer is: Fund  it all. Just put it on the credit card. We will just keep borrowing.  Your kids and grandkids will pay for it.   I mentioned some of these examples that I would cut, but let's hear  about some more. Where is your money going? Where is the money coming  from so that we could actually pay for this crisis at the border? My  amendment rescinds the remainder of this year's funds for the Inter- American Foundation. You may not have heard of this, but last time this  bill was authorized was in 1985. For over 24 years, we haven't done  anything. We haven't even looked at the program. We just keep feeding  it money.   What do they fund in the Inter-American Foundation? Let's see. They  spend money to support small businesses of deported immigrants. One  time we asked them: Do you at least exclude criminal deportees? They  had a blank look on their face, and they didn't have an answer. They  aren't excluding people we deport because they have committed a crime  in our country from receiving American welfare.   This group spent $1.2 million helping people in Mexico, Guatemala,  and El Salvador to improve their ``spending strategies.'' Does that  sound like a good use of money? If we need money at the border, let's  quit sending it south of the border to improve the spending habits of  those in Mexico, Guatemala, and El Salvador.   These funds also subsidized guinea pig farmers in Peru, a llama fair  in Bolivia, and advertisements to buy carbon credits in Mexico. If we  have a crisis at the border--both sides of the aisle have now finally  woken up to there being a crisis--let's spend it on the crisis and not  be supporting a llama fair in Bolivia or a guinea pig farm in Peru.   This same group that I would like to take the money from to spend it  on the border spent half a million dollars to ``jump start'' the  Haitian film industry. Does that sound like a national priority to  anybody? If we want to treat people in a more humanitarian fashion on  the border and we need to spend some money down there, maybe we could  not be supporting the Haitian film community.   This group spent $300,000 to help Brazilians get off Brazilian  welfare. That might be better spent talking to Americans about American  welfare. Yet we had no business in sending that money to Brazil.    Is any of this a higher priority than what we are doing at the  border? I would say not.   Is it more important to pay for the cost of the situation on the  border or should we also be sending foreign welfare abroad?   The United States spent $223 million to fund a highway in  Afghanistan. We found out afterward that the security that our  government hired to protect the people while they were building the  road at $1 million a year were actually funneling the money to a  terrorist group, called the Haqqani network, our sworn enemy. The  Haqqani network is known for killing our soldiers, but we were paying  those in the Haqqani network for being security guards while we wasted  millions of dollars in building a highway in Afghanistan. I would say  let's spend that money at home. The road we have now built for the  Afghanis is in such disrepair after only a few years that they can't  afford to maintain it, so we are asking you to cough up a little more  money. They need $22 million to keep the highway in good repair.   We spent $273 million on a development grant program that didn't  actually do anything. It taught foreign people how to fill out grants  to get more money from us. It is not enough that they are fleecing you  and sending your money to all of these boondoggle projects around the  world; we have a program to teach foreigners how to get more welfare  from us.   This amendment takes $4 billion that they want to spend on the border  and says: That is fine. Let's do it. Yet let's take it from foreign  aid. Let's take it from foreign welfare. Let's take it from llama fairs  and guinea pig shows in Peru. It is utterly ridiculous. This program  has not been looked at since 1985. If we eliminate the program, we can  pay for the money they want to spend at the border.   That is what it would mean to be responsible legislators--to make  priorities, decide where to spend the money, and not just simply run up  the tab and say: Your kids and grandkids can pay for it.   I recommend a ``yea'' vote on offsetting the spending for this  supplemental spending bill, and I hope Americans will watch to see who  votes to offset this by cutting wasteful foreign welfare.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 902.  [[Page S4542]]     I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with.    Mr. President, we are going to spend over $4 billion today,  and I just propose that we pay for it. There is a humanitarian crisis  at the border, but there is also a debt crisis.   We spend hundreds of millions, if not billions, on wasteful projects.  Let's take it from foreign aid welfare and spend it on our southern  border. We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars subsidizing guinea  pig farmers in Peru, a llama fair in Bolivia, and advertisements to buy  carbon credits in Mexico. There was $273 million spent trying to teach  foreigners how to fill out grant applications to get more welfare from  the United States, $300,000 to help Brazilians get off of Brazilian  welfare, and half a million dollars spent jump-starting the Haitian  film industry. There are billions of dollars that we can spend on the  southern border, but we should take it from somewhere and not add it to  the debt of our kids and our grandkids.   