 Mr. President, you just heard the story from Senator  Young. He had the benefit of knowing Richard Lugar more recently.   My story is a little different. I am going to have to think back to  45 years ago. I was between my sophomore and junior years at Wabash  College. I never knew I had an interest in politics, let alone that  someday I would be serving in the Lugar seat. How life drives you in  certain directions.   I remember that Richard Lugar took on Senator Birch Bayh, who I think  had served several terms--he recently passed away himself, another icon  of Hoosier politics--and I said that I wanted to get involved. When you  have a man like Richard Lugar, who took a risk, stuck his neck out to  run for mayor after he had been on a school board--ironically, I was on  a school board for 10 years when I decided to stick my neck out to run  for State legislator--you think back about how life drives you in  certain directions.   With Richard Lugar, most notably, during his entire life, he lived  with character and integrity.   I think back to when I first met him. I was dressed in a white  turtleneck with a blue blazer and plaid pants. Wow, I can't believe we  even dressed that way back in the seventies. I found those pictures  stored away in a box about 4 or 5 years ago. I pulled them out, and my  high school sweetheart, my wife now--she and I were looking at Dick as  he was preparing to run for Senate. The look on our faces, looking into  the face of someone with his stature, really stood out.   When you get this far down the trail, I get asked: Who were your  mentors who got you to run for school board, State rep, and then the  Senate? Mostly, it would have been my parents and my community. I say  that often. But if there was one politician I would have looked up to,  even when I wasn't certain I ever wanted to get involved in politics at  all, I would look back to that year, back in the midseventies, when I  decided to do it.   He was in the Senate for a long time. During the entirety of his  terms, he always did it to where, as a Hoosier and as an American, you  were proud of him. The thing he did as well as anyone is that he was  able to look across the aisle in times when we were less polarized.  Now, I think that trait, more than ever, would be something we need to  pay attention to.   When you close the chapter on one individual's life, one whose life  was as exemplary as Richard Lugar's, it should mostly be inspiration  for others to follow in his footsteps.   I know in the State of Indiana--in an op-ed that was just put out by  an individual, it cites Richard Lugar as the most important public  servant ever to come from our State. Gosh, I think you would have to  say there was a lot of credibility to push that point of view.   All I can tell you is that for the time I am here in the Lugar seat,  I intend to do what he did. On things he knew a little something about,  he stuck his neck out, made a statement, and he led. In the entirety of  his career here in the Senate, he was impeccable in his integrity and  character. Gosh, we could sure use a good dose of that in this day and  age.   It is an honor for me to be serving in his seat, and I hope to do  even half as good a job in my stint here as he did over many, many  years.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   