 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment  intended to detail the full harm done to our Nation by the White  House's sabotage of the Affordable Care Act.   Last summer, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services announced  a 70 percent cut, $26 million to the navigators program that provides  in-person assistance to people who wish to sign up for insurance  through the Affordable Care Act. In just 2 years, funding for this  program has plummeted from $62.5 million to just $10 million.   The President also cut digital TV and radio advertising by 90  percent, reducing investment from $100,000,000 to $10 million. The  failure to use Federal funding for these activities leaves it to the  States to fill in the gaps and puts on them the burden for the  continued success of State and Federal exchanges.   My amendment directs the U.S. Government Accountability Office to  conduct a study of these cuts to detail how reduced funding has harmed  enrollment across the Nation and the resulting costs to our Nation's  families.   Funding for ACA outreach is essential to ensuring that Americans know  their options and their healthcare benefits. Without public messaging  campaigns, many people have been left confused about the open  enrollment process, when they can begin signing up for coverage, and  the deadline for enrolling before the new year.   As we approach planning for the 2020 enrollment season, we need to  fully understand the results of the cuts to outreach and advertising  that were put in place in recent years. That is what my amendment seeks  to do.   I want to thank my colleague Congresswoman Wexton for joining me in  these efforts, and I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.   I thank the chair and the ranking member for their work, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the  gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms. Wexton), my colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   