 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon in honor of my good  friend from South Carolina, the late Senator Fritz Hollings, who spent  many, many years right here in this Chamber.   As we mourn his passing today, we remember the great impact Fritz  Hollings had both in the Senate and in his home State of South  Carolina, where he served as Governor, as Lieutenant Governor, as a  member of the State legislature, and so forth. From 1966 to 2005, which  was nearly four decades, he also represented South Carolina in  Washington--right here in this body.   Born and raised in Charleston, SC, Fritz Hollings was a distinguished  graduate of the Citadel and served as an Army artillery officer during  World War II, for which he was awarded, among other things, the Bronze  Star.   For 36 years, Fritz Hollings served alongside Strom Thurmond in the  Senate, whom the Presiding Officer will remember. He was the junior  Senator of his State for six terms, which made him the longest serving  junior Senator in the history of the Senate. Throughout his tenure,  Fritz served as a senior member of the Appropriations Committee, where  I served with him. He was also the chairman of the Budget Committee and  the chairman of the Commerce Committee. He was a skilled legislator and  statesman.   In terms of influential policy, Fritz made quite a mark. He was  instrumental in the creation of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration, which we know as NOAA. When he was chairman of the  Commerce Committee, he also helped to enact laws to alleviate childhood  hunger and to expand competition in telecommunications during the early  stages of the internet.   He may have spent nearly 39 years in the Senate, but his time in  Washington was not all that made up his career.   Fritz Hollings served three terms in the South Carolina House of  Representatives. He won his first election in 1948 at the age of 26. He  went on to serve as South Carolina's Lieutenant Governor and then as  its Governor at the age of 36. In 1984, while he was a sitting Senator  here, he ran for President of the United States. He was a true public  servant. He devoted his entire life to the betterment of his country,  to his State, and to his people.   As we honor his lasting impact and achievements throughout his  career, we are reminded that Fritz was what we would call a southern  gentleman. With a distinguished Charlestonian southern drawl and a  quick wit, Fritz was courteous and well mannered. He built his  seniority with patience and respect.   I am grateful for his friendship and camaraderie over the last 40  years. Annette and I join his family as we mourn his passing and  celebrate his life and the legacy he leaves behind in the U.S. Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   