 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, with all  respect, this is no way to help historically Black colleges and  minority-serving institutions. What the Senator from Maryland is  suggesting is that we pass a bill that would have 2 years' funding that  is supported by a budget gimmick that will never pass the U.S. Senate.  If we are relying on that proposal to fund historically Black colleges,  it is all over.   What I have offered instead--and I introduced 3 weeks ago on the  floor of the Senate--is a bipartisan package of bills that begins with  permanent funding for historically Black colleges and minority-serving  institutions that is fully paid for.   So if the choice is between 2 years of a gimmick that will never pass  the Senate and permanent funding that is fully paid for, that is not  much of a hard decision for me.   In addition to that, I suggested at the same time that we pass some  other proposals that are bipartisan and have been drafted by 32  Senators--18 Democrats, 14 Republicans. In addition to the long-term,  permanent solution for minority-serving institutions of $225 million a  year, we include simplifying FAFSA, which would help 20 million  families a year. Senator Jones and I introduced a bill to do that just  yesterday. That can pass this week and go to the President and be  signed into law. There is also Pell grants for prisoners, short-term  Pell grants. Senator Daines and Senator Portman and many others have  suggested that. We have a proposal that simplifies the aid letters. We  have a way to pay for the package. We have a way to keep parents from  having to send two sets of tax information to two different agencies of  government--all in this package.   The eight bills--and three bills I hope to include later--ended up  being cosponsored by 48 Senators, 25 Democrats and 23 Republicans. All  of this is ready to be considered by the Senate and sent to the  President and can pass this year.   So I am about to object, but what I want to make clear to the  historically Black colleges--and there are six of them in Tennessee--is  that the Secretary of Education has written a letter assuring them that  there are sufficient funds for another year and that the proposal by  the Senator from Maryland would only be 2 years, is a budget gimmick,  and will never pass the Senate.   So let's work together to permanently fund historically Black  colleges, simplify the FAFSA, 2-year Pell grants, increase the number  of students who get Pell grants--all of that can be done now. Let's not  keep pretending that we are helping the colleges with a proposal that  is short-term, a budget gimmick, and will never pass the Senate.   I object.   