 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I first want to join my colleagues in  thanking Chairwoman Waters for her leadership for so many years and, in  particular, her leadership in bringing this bill to the floor.   We are here today to reinstate the powers of the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, which have been severely weakened, and it includes  the curtailing of enforcement of fair lending laws and removing a  standalone office on student loans. We must ensure, however, that our  elderly population is included in this debate. We must not leave our  elderly behind.   My amendment is simple and straightforward. It will require the  Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to issue an annual  report to Congress of consumer complaints from older Americans,  including a State-by-State breakdown of complaints by type of consumer  financial product or service.   Madam Chair, studies show that people 50 and older hold 83 percent of  the wealth in the United States. However, these same individuals, who  grew up in a workforce very different than the evolving,  technologically driven one of today and who are experiencing aging  health disparities, are prime targets for scammers. This has resulted  in our seniors losing anywhere from $2.9 billion to $36 billion each  year from financial exploitation.   Having served as the director of my State's, Colorado's, Department  of Regulatory Agencies in the past, I had the honor of working on  behalf of Coloradans to protect them from unfair, deceptive, and  fraudulent business practices. We certainly saw many of these practices  up close.   While I am proud that our department was able to recover millions of  dollars for consumers across Colorado, including senior citizens, we  must do more. In an era of sophisticated targeting of our seniors, we  must act, and I certainly believe that is the case at the Federal  level.   So, in a world in which we continue to hear of calculated financial  fraud and various data breaches, I believe we  [[Page H4100]]  should be working to protect all consumers, not making it easy for bad  actors to take advantage of them, in particular, making sure that we  protect vulnerable populations.   Madam Chair, that is why I encourage my colleagues to support this  important amendment, and, with that, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the ranking member for his remarks,  for articulating the need for this amendment, and for his support. I  very much appreciate it.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   