 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   I rise today with a heavy heart. Ten days ago, President Trump sealed  the fate of our Kurdish partners in Syria when he gave President  Erdogan of Turkey the green light to invade.   I believe this callous and reckless decision will go down in history  not only for its disregard for human life but for the strategic  malpractice of placing American troops in harm's way, allowing  thousands of ISIS prisoners to go free, and ceding influence over the  region to Russia and the Assad regime. It was truly an unbelievably  dangerous and stupid decision that undermines our national security and  diminishes our moral authority in the world.   I am pleased that this resolution has widespread bipartisan support.  We need to pass it and get it on the President's desk as quickly as  possible.   But resolutions--and sanctions, when they come--can't bring Kurdish  children back to life. They can't reclaim our American military  positions and equipment seized by the Russians. They can't restore our  credibility, which has been squandered as we have betrayed the trust of  our Kurdish allies.   I am sickened by this administration's actions. We need to do  everything we can, as a Congress, to make this right.   I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan resolution. I thank  Mr. McCaul and Mr. Engel for working together, in a bipartisan way, to  send a very strong message that the Congress of the United States does  not support this horrific decision that betrayed our allies and  undermines American leadership in the world.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  [[Page H8172]]    Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand before you today to memorialize  the remarkable life and legacy of Elizabeth Buffum Chace, a leader of  the abolitionist and suffrage movements in Rhode Island, by naming a  post office in her honor in the city of Central Falls.   Born in 1806, Elizabeth Buffum Chace was raised by Quaker parents  outspoken about their opposition to slavery, often harboring fugitive  slaves in their home seeking refuge in Rhode Island. Elizabeth soon  became an activist herself, passing around petitions, organizing groups  of abolitionists, and even later opening her own home as a station in  the Underground Railroad.   Chace spent most of her life in Smithfield, Rhode Island, and was  steadfast in her dedication to advancing women's rights, prison reform,  and the abolitionist movement. She became known as the Conscience of  Rhode Island for her passion for creating social change and her  leadership in the face of adversity.   During her later years, she settled down with her husband in Valley  Falls, near the present-day city of Central Falls.   She was committed to bettering the lives of others, serving as  president of the Rhode Island Women's Suffrage Association, and helped  organize a Female Anti-Slavery Society in Massachusetts. She also  served on the Ladies' Board of Visitors to the Penal and Correctional  Institutions of the State, which examined conditions in the State  prison.   Chace's tireless, lifelong activism embodies the best of Rhode  Island's values and remains an inspiration for progress still to come.   Elizabeth Buffum Chace continued fighting for women's rights and  prison reform in her later years. She eventually passed away on  December 12, 1899, and was buried in Providence, Rhode Island. Her  legacy was memorialized in 2002, when a bronze bust of Chace was  displayed at the Rhode Island State House, the first woman to receive  this honor, in recognition of her extraordinary accomplishments.   The dedication of the Central Falls Post Office will serve to  commemorate her impact and advocacy for women, children, and  communities of color. Her legacy lives on today through the Elizabeth  Buffum Chace Center, founded in 1977 by the Warwick Junior League  Women's Club to serve as a shelter offering support and services for  women and children suffering from domestic violence.   Rhode Island has been forever changed by Elizabeth Buffum Chace and  her life's work creating social change. She was a legendary suffragist  and abolitionist in the 19th century, and her importance to the State  of Rhode Island should be honored by dedicating the Central Falls Post  Office in her name.   I am proud to have had the opportunity to honor such an icon as  Elizabeth Buffum Chace. I would like to extend my gratitude for the  support from my friend and colleague Congressman  Jim Langevin and also  to thank the mayor of the city of Central Falls, Mayor James Diossa,  who generated this idea, for his leadership.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   