 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill,  and I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), chairwoman of  the Committee on Financial Services, and the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. McHenry), my friend and ranking member, for his kind  words and all his work to bring this legislation to the floor today.   The Advancing Innovation to Assist Law Enforcement Act is a  bipartisan bill that I introduced along with the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Emmer), my friend, and it is supported by the gentleman  from Utah (Mr. McAdams), my friend from across the aisle.   This bill takes a stand to block a major tool used by cartels,  terrorist organizations, traffickers and the like, to finance their  illegal activities and put our Nation and the people living in it at  risk.   Money laundering enables the shipment of deadly drugs like opioids  and fentanyl into communities like mine in Ohio that has been  disseminated by the opioid crisis. Money laundering finances cartels  who wreak havoc on our southern border and the communities that  surround it, as I saw on my recent bipartisan trip to the border. And  money laundering proliferates the horrors of human trafficking, which  continues to exist across our country, despite government and private  industry attempts to better identify victims and cut off trafficking  routes.    My bill makes sure that we are using the best technology we have  available to find and stop the money laundering that makes all these  crimes not only possible, but financially profitable for cartels,  traffickers, and terrorists.   My bill requires the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCen,  to  [[Page H7812]]  study the implementation and internal use of emerging technologies,  including artificial intelligence, digital identity technologies,  blockchain, and other new and innovative technologies to better  identify and prevent money laundering in our financial services  industry.   Additionally, this bill would require the study of how FinCen could  better utilize these technologies to more quickly disseminate the  information it collects to Federal, State, Tribal, and local law  enforcement.   It is my firm belief that we must leverage the use of emerging  technologies in order to make our government operations more efficient  and upgrade the toolkit that enables our law enforcement to effectively  go after bad actors.   Finally, H.R. 2613 would require that the Director of the Financial  Crimes Enforcement Service Network report to the House Committee on  Financial Services and the Senate Banking Committee on policy  recommendations. The recommendations would allow the private sector,  FinCen, and other Federal agencies to improve coordination and  communication through advance technologies. This will help Congress  ensure that we are providing the necessary support for our law  enforcement community to effectively fight illicit activity based on  these recommendations.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation,  and I thank those who have helped push it forward.   