 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, first this morning, I want to express  my gratitude for Acting Secretary Pat Shanahan, whom we learned  yesterday will soon be leaving the Department of Defense. The Acting  Secretary has served in a crucial post during challenging times and  difficult circumstances. His deliberate leadership and steady focus on  implementing the national defense strategy served the Nation, the  Pentagon, and the men and women of the Armed Forces very well.   I respect his decision to withdraw his candidacy, and I hope it will  bring to an end the media's scrutiny of his family.   It is unfortunate that this news means we are no closer to having a  Senate-confirmed Secretary of Defense. As the Senate considers the NDAA  this week, the many challenges facing our Nation are top of mind.   We need to modernize our military to meet the challenges posed by  Russia and China. We need to stay assertive against local terrorism  organizations like ISIS and al-Qaida until they are decisively  defeated. We need to continue to reform and enhance critical  partnerships from NATO to the Middle East, to the Indo-Pacific. Of  course, we face an urgent need to deter and defend against Iranian  aggression.   These challenges and opportunities demand strong leadership. While  the Senate still looks forward to considering a nominee to formally  serve as the Secretary of Defense, we should take heart in President  Trump's choice for the next Acting Secretary, Mark Esper, our current  Secretary of the Army.   Mark Esper is no stranger to the Senate. Among the many impressive  stops on his resume, he served with the Foreign Relations Committee and  later as national security advisor to then-Majority Leader Bill Frist.  Many of us remember his calming demeanor and his professionalism.   He served in several capacities at the Pentagon as well, including as  Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense. Immediately prior to becoming  Secretary of the Army, he had also built a successful career in the  private sector. All of  [[Page S3808]]  this came after Mr. Esper's own decorated military service. His  graduation from West Point was followed by Army Ranger training, which  then led to serving in the Gulf war with the storied 101st Airborne.    Given the precarious international situation and challenges facing  our Nation, I am encouraged that an experienced, tested, and capable  leader such as Secretary Esper will be at the helm in the Pentagon. I  look forward to working closely with him to defend America and advance  our interests.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Foreign Relations Committee be  discharged of the following resolutions: S.J. Res. Nos. 27 through 48  and the Senate proceed to their en bloc consideration; further, that  the Senate debate the resolutions concurrently, and that at 11:30 on  Thursday, June 20, the Senate vote on passage of the resolutions in the  following order: S.J. Res. 36, S.J. Res. 38, and then vote on the  remaining resolutions en bloc with no intervening action or debate.  Finally, if the Senate receives a veto message with respect to any or  all of the enumerated joint resolutions of disapproval, then, not  withstanding rule XXII, consideration of the veto message be limited to  30 hours of concurrent debate for all messages and the Senate vote on  passage of the joint resolutions, the objections of the President to  the contrary notwithstanding, in the following order if a veto message  is received: S.J. Res. 36, S.J. Res. 38, all remaining joint  resolutions en bloc. I further ask that the en bloc votes on passage  and with respect to the override vote be shown separately for each  resolution when printed in the Record.   