 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4285, the Department of  Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2019.   This legislation represents a bipartisan, bicameral agreement that  would extend the expiring authorities impacting the lives of veterans.  Swift passage of this legislation today would ensure that these  programs continue. This bill would extend four authorities.   First, the bill would extend through September 30, 2020, the VA's  authority to provide direct loans to buyers of VA-owned residences that  the VA has pooled together.   It would also extend to September 30, 2020, the VA's authority to  operate a regional office in Manila that provides services to World War  II veterans who reside in the Philippines.   Third, it would extend through 2021 the Supportive Services for  Veteran Families program, the SSVF program, which provides grants to  organizations that provide supportive services to eligible homeless or  at-risk veteran families to promote housing stability.   Finally, the bill would extend through September 2020 the VA's  authority to pay travel allowances to and from vet centers for veterans  who live in highly rural areas.   To be clear, these are not new authorities. They are in present law,  and costs associated with them have been assumed in the House-passed  appropriations bill for fiscal year 2020 and the 2021 advanced  appropriations.   In addition to extending these authorities, the bill would also make  technical changes to legislation that Congress has previously passed.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4285 so that the Senate can take  it up quickly and send it to the President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost), an original cosponsor of this  legislation.   I have had the privilege of serving with Congressman Bost since he  has been on the committee. He is a Marine Corps veteran, 1979 to 1982.  He served in the last Congress as chairman of the DAMA, Disability  Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, and he is also on the  Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.     ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, just to reemphasize what was said about homeless  veterans, I have been on the committee for almost 11 years, my entire  time in Congress. When I first arrived here, we had over 100,000  homeless veterans on the streets of this country, which was  unbelievable.   Then-Secretary General Shinseki made one of his priorities to try to  reduce homelessness to zero by 2016. He did not succeed in that, but we  have reduced the homeless veterans population now down to under 40,000,  which is a 60 percent reduction, a huge reduction.   I could not agree more with my colleague from California. One veteran  homeless is too many.   I know there are pockets in this country. I know that, in California,  they have a really serious problem there, and I think they are working  very hard on trying to solve this. This legislation will be one piece  of the puzzle.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    