 Mr. President, I rise to echo the comments of my  colleagues on these bills that are pending here in the Senate.   I hold up the Calendar of Business for the Senate for Wednesday, June  19, 2019, which is today. On page 15 of the calendar, item 29 is H.R.  8, ``An act to require a background check for every firearm sale.'' The  status, which is listed in every Senate calendar, is ``Mar. 4, 2019.-- Read the second time and placed on the calendar.'' It is pending here  before the Senate.   The next item, No. 30, is H.R. 1112, an act to amend chapter 44 of  title 18, U.S. Code, to strengthen the background check procedures to  be followed before a Federal firearms licensee may transfer a firearm.  On March 5, 2019, it was read the second time and placed on the  calendar.   In this body, we are not asking for something that isn't before us.  No. The Senate calendar for today says these bills are before us. Yet  one individual, the Senate majority leader, is keeping us from having a  debate and a vote on these two matters. We could vote on it. Maybe we  wouldn't have the votes, but we ought to be able to at least vote and  be accountable to the American public for the positions on these  issues.   I rise in the shadow of yet another tragedy in Virginia. Every  Senator in this body has had tragedies like these. I know the Presiding  Officer has suffered multiple tragedies in Orlando and Parkland. I was  the mayor of Richmond when we had one of the highest homicide rates in  the United States, which had been driven by gun violence. I was the  Governor of Virginia when the shooting happened at Virginia Tech. I was  in the U.S. Senate when two Virginia journalists were murdered on live  television by a disgruntled ex-colleague. Then, three Fridays ago, on  May 31, in Virginia Beach, just as I had left the city after giving a  talk there to a local bar organization, the news came about the  shooting of 12 innocent people--11 city employees and 1 contractor who  was at the city just to get a building permit--who had been gunned  down, in this case, by an individual who had used weapons that had  massive magazines--the 30-round magazines. They were the kind of  magazines that were also at issue in the shooting in Parkland. This is  why I take to the floor today.   In thinking about these tragedies in Virginia and the repetitive  nature of them, when the shooting happened at Virginia Tech when I was  Governor, I had always hoped that it would have been the worst shooting  in the history of the United States. It is a weird thing to say about  your own State. What a bizarre thing to say about your own State--that  this tragedy had happened on April 16, 2007, and that I had hoped it  would have been the worst shooting in history whereby there had been 32  people killed. Yet, at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, 49 people were  killed. In Las Vegas--and my colleague from Nevada is here--over 50  people were killed, and hundreds were injured.   There is an escalating nature to these. Our teachers now have to do  live shooting drills because of school shootings. They didn't have to  do that when they were going through ed schools 10 or 15 years ago.  They have to hold practices with little elementary school students. A  teacher was telling me the other day about what it is like at the  beginning of the year to take a group of second graders into a  restroom, which is their designated spot near their classroom. The  teacher is then instructed to stand in front of the door so that if a  shooter starts to shoot through the door, it will be the teacher who  will be killed rather than the students.   The fact that we have normalized this and that we have practiced it  is evidence of a sickness. Yet there are cures for sicknesses. These  bills are cures for a sickness. We don't have complete cures, but they  would make us safer.   As was indicated, the Federal background requirement has prevented 3  million people since 1994 from getting weapons that they shouldn't have  had. Some of those individuals, no doubt, may have found weapons in  other ways, but the moment people are turned away from getting weapons  they can't have, society is safer on those days. Sometimes they are  turned away, and they never get the weapons--3 million times. Yet,  because of glitches and weaknesses in the background check system, too  many people who have  [[Page S3821]]  been prohibited for decades from having weapons are still able to get  them.   The New York Times recently did a study of 19 mass shootings in which  the firearms that had been used had been bought legally after there  having been Federal background checks--19 instances in which the  firearms had been legally purchased after there having been background  checks. It discovered, though, in looking at those 19 cases that at  least 9 of the instances had been those in which the background check  systems had had glitches and flaws so that the people were able to get  the weapons even though they shouldn't have been able to. Let me give  you just three powerful examples.   The young man who murdered 32 people at Virginia Tech was a student  by the name of Seung-Hui Cho. He went to high school in Fairfax, which  is not far from here. He had a serious mental illness. His counselors  and teachers at his high school knew this young man. They knew his  capacity and strengths, and they knew he had problems. They were able  to wrap services around him so that he not only graduated but was a  successful student.   Then he went on to a college campus that was 200 miles away, and all  of that knowledge was locked up in his high school and didn't transfer  to the college campus. He was then with a new group of 35,000 people.  The folks didn't know him, and they didn't know of the challenges he  had. They didn't know what it took for him to be successful, because he  would have been able to have been successful if the right things had  been done.    Over the course of his college career, he experienced increasing  instances of mental illness and, at one point, was adjudicated by a  local behavioral services board as being mentally ill and dangerous.  That is one of the nine categories under Federal law. It is not just  one's being mentally ill, because mentally ill people are, more often,  the victims of violence rather than the perpetrators of violence. You  have to be adjudicated mentally ill and likely be a danger to others.  He was adjudicated in that way, and that prohibited him from getting a  weapon.   The local court system failed to introduce the record into the  national criminal background check system. So, a few months later, when  he went to a federally licensed gun dealer in Roanoke to purchase the  weapons that led to the mass atrocity, even though he was prohibited,  the weakness in the background check system allowed him to get the  weapons and carry out the murders.   I was able to fix some of this glitch by executive order when I was  the Governor when what I really needed at the time from my legislature  in Virginia was a commitment to universal background checks. The better  the system, the safer we are. I could not get that from my legislature,  but that was an instance in which, clearly, glitches in the background  check system had led to this massive atrocity.   In Charleston, this deranged young man who had sat in on a Bible  study, had worshiped with people who had prayed for him and who had  later forgiven him, and had then used his weapon to murder nine people  had acquired a weapon despite his having been prohibited. He had been  prohibited under Federal law from having a weapon.   There is a part of the Federal law that is the subject of one of the  two bills that is pending now before the Senate that says, if you are  buying at a licensed gun dealer's and if the background check can't be  completed within 72 hours, the dealer has to put the weapon in your  hand even though you are prohibited from having the weapon.   In the case of Dylann Roof, they could not complete the background  check within 3 days. The weapon was put in his hand, and he murdered  these people as they were at a Bible study in the middle of the week.  Again, there was a weakness in the background check system.   How sad they are, these shootings. They are sad however and wherever  they occur--at a nightclub, at a school, at a corner in Richmond. We  had the murder of a 9-year-old and the injury of an 11-year-old 2 weeks  ago in a neighborhood park because of a driveby. Wherever it happens,  it is horrible--but at synagogues and churches in Charleston?   You will remember the instance in Sutherland Springs, TX, in November  2017 when someone went into a church and killed 26 people. Again, there  was a weakness in the background check system. The gunman had been in  the Air Force. While in the Air Force, he had been convicted and  sentenced to 12 months confinement and had had his rank reduced because  he had assaulted his wife and had broken the skull of his infant child.  He had had a bad conduct discharge from the Air Force.   With that adjudicated offense and with that discharge, he should have  been prohibited from getting a weapon. Yet, in 2016 and 2017, he had  purchased two firearms and had passed the Federal background check  because the military adjudications had not been introduced into the  system.   The two bills I mentioned that are on the floor would do two things.  They would make the background check system universal. However a weapon  is transferred--in a Federal gun licensing, in a gun show, or between  relatives and whether for payment or as a gift--you must determine  before the gun is placed in the hand of an individual whether that  individual is allowed to have a weapon or is prohibited. That is the  first bill.   The second one I mentioned would fix the Charleston loophole. It  would establish that you don't just get the gun put in your hand if  there is a glitch and it slows down the processing of your request. You  have to be approved. There has to be a green light that says you are an  allowed person before you get the weapon. To the extent that it might  take longer than 3 days, it is in the interest of public safety to make  sure that the person who is getting the weapon isn't prohibited.   These measures are effective. The States that have gone to universal  background checks can compare data pre and post, and they can compare  their data with that of their next-door neighbors. The States that have  moved to universal background checks have seen a reduction in gun  violence. It is not the complete elimination. We are not able to do  that. We didn't completely eliminate auto deaths when we required that  there be air bags, but we have made people a lot safer, and that should  be the standard here too. These laws are effective, and they are  popular. Overwhelmingly, Americans support background checks.    Finally, this is not even, really, a new law. The NRA used to take  the position that it didn't want new laws but that it wanted to enforce  existing laws. The background check bill isn't even a new law; it is  just the enforcement of existing laws. If you have a group of people  who are prohibited from having weapons but the only way to enforce that  is through a comprehensive background check system, then the way to  look at these two bills is that these are bills that are necessary to  enforcing existing laws that have been on the books since 1968 and with  a bipartisan consensus.   We deserve a vote. These matters shouldn't just sit here on the  Senate calendar day after day, week after week, and month after month  without there being the opportunity to have a vote.   As I conclude, there was a time in the Congress when there was  something called the gag rule--for decades in the 1820s and 1830s. I  think my timing is right. There was, essentially, something called the  gag rule. Petitions with respect to the abolition of slavery were not  able to be debated, and I fear that this is what we have come to in  this body with respect to these issues. We haven't had a meaningful  debate and vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate about the scourge of  gun violence since the debate and vote in April of 2013, which was in  the aftermath of the shooting in Sandy Hook. It has been more than 6  years, and I think it is time to do it. The bills are pending on the  calendar. We should have that debate and have that vote.   I yield the floor.   