 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we have spent a great deal of time in my  time in the Senate talking about immigration and the situation along  the southwestern border. My State has 1,200 miles of common border with  Mexico, so obviously this is very personal to me and my constituents  who live and work along the border.   We have been caught up in a lot of semantics and more than a little  politics in Washington, DC, debating what is a wall versus a fence,  what is a crisis versus an emergency--just some of the semantics we  have been caught up in--but it doesn't take a rocket scientist or an  expert to see there are a lot of problems occurring at the border  today. I hope, if there is one thing we can all agree on, it is that  there is in fact a problem that needs to be solved at the border,  whether you want to call it a crisis like President Obama did or  whether you want to call it an emergency like President Trump.   Last week, the Secretary of Homeland Security sent a letter to  Congress detailing the record number of apprehensions along the  southern border. Secretary Nielsen noted that Border Patrol was  apprehending between 50,000 and 60,000 a month late last year. Last  month, it was 76,000, the highest in a decade. At the time of her  letter, she said we were on track to interdict nearly 100,000 during  the month of March--so almost essentially double from late last year  until this coming month. Unsurprisingly, Customs and Border Protection  personnel are not equipped to handle these record numbers.   Forty percent of the Border Patrol's manpower is spent processing  migrants and providing care and transportation. These are, by and  large, asylum seekers from Central America. In fact, while the Border  Patrol, our primary law enforcement agency providing border security,  should be securing the border, many of them are processing  unaccompanied children or family units, handing out diapers and juice  boxes instead of doing the job they are trained to perform. They have  been taken off the patrol line to do this kind of work, leaving areas  of the border  [[Page S2165]]  vulnerable to exploitation by the drug cartels. One way the cartels use  this huge volume of humanity coming across the border is to distract  the law enforcement agencies from doing their job interdicting the  drugs that are poisoning tens of thousands of Americans. We know 70,000  Americans died of drug overdoses last year--about half of those from  opioids, including synthetic fentanyl and heroin--90 percent of which  comes from Mexico.   The amount of people coming across now is so overwhelming that the El  Paso Border Patrol Sector has temporarily shut down its highway  checkpoints in the interior so agents can help process these  individuals. Most of our Members may not realize, we not only have  Border Patrol working at the border but also in the interior at  checkpoints on major highways because frequently what will happen is  people are smuggled through or drugs are smuggled through, and they  have to go through checkpoints for a double check, at which time a lot  of drugs and a lot of illegal immigrants are discovered.   Additionally, detention facilities are at or over capacity. These are  relatively small because they are built to house single adults for a  short period of time. The record surge of children and family units  combined with the impact it has had on processing time has put a  serious strain on their resources. As a result, the Department of  Homeland Security has been forced to release families and adults from  custody.   I was on a radio program last week in San Antonio, my hometown. It  was said Border Patrol is so overwhelmed, they are essentially just  putting people on buses and shipping them into the interior of the  State and the country, not even processing them.   I have heard from officials at DHS and throughout the ranks of the  Border Patrol that in order to keep up with this pace, they need our  help. They need more personnel so law enforcement agencies can respond  to the crisis, secure the border, and keep our country safe, as well as  adequately and efficiently processing individuals who illegally cross  the border. We also need additional facilities to house illegal  immigrants in custody so we don't engage in the failed catch-and- release policy, which is just another pull factor to encourage more  people to come. If they know they are not going to be detained and they  are going to be released, that is an incentive for them to come and  join this wave of humanity coming across the border. We should be able  to enforce the law and properly care for migrants in custody, but  inadequate resources are limiting DHS's ability to do both.   Ours is a compassionate country. We are a nation of immigrants.  Everybody--almost everybody came from somewhere else at some point in  their family history, but the only way we are going to be able to  maintain that compassion and generosity, when it comes to immigration,  is by bringing some order out of chaos.   Many illegal immigrants know we are compassionate and generous, and  they will take full advantage of the gaps in our border security and  flaws in our immigration laws. The cartels--the criminal organizations  that get rich moving people from Central America, across Mexico, into  the United States--know for sure because they are exploiting those gaps  and flaws in our immigration laws. It is not just the sheer numbers of  people crossing the border that is concerning, it is the makeup of the  people coming across.   We used to see primarily single adult males arriving from Mexico, and  our current detention facilities reflect that, but now, because of the  gaps and flaws in our immigration laws that are being exploited, people  coming across are family units and unaccompanied children from Central  American countries who almost uniformly claim asylum. That means they  have to appear in front of an immigration judge at some point to have  their claim assessed and adjudicated.   While there absolutely are legitimate families coming to our country  for legitimate reasons, that is not the case for all the 36,000 family  units apprehended last month alone.   Individuals crossing illegally know about the loopholes in our laws,  as I said, and they know how to exploit them. For example, in 1997, the  Flores settlement agreement determined that the Department of Homeland  Security can only detain unaccompanied children for 20 days before  releasing them to the Department of Health and Human Services, which in  turn places them with sponsors--usually family members in the interior  of the United States. Then they are given a notice to appear at an  immigration hearing at some point in the future, but because of the  backlog of cases, 98 percent of them don't show up. While this was  unquestionably well-intentioned at the time, it has turned into a pull  factor for illegal immigrants hoping to game the system, as well as the  transnational criminal organizations that get rich engaging in this  sort of trade.   In 2016, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals expanded the Flores  agreement, effectively applying the settlement to family units and not  just unaccompanied children. So now, rather than single adults arriving  at the border alone, they are bringing children with them so they can  pose as a family unit. They realize they can bring a child--any child-- and pose as a family unit so they will be released within 20 days.   Sadly, Flores is not the only loophole being exploited. Another well- intentioned piece of legislation that is being abused is the  Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act or TVPRA. This  legislation limits our ability to return unaccompanied children from  countries other than Mexico or Canada to their home country.   These loopholes are an attraction or pull factor and encourage  parents to send their children on the dangerous journey to our southern  border alone or sometimes with a single parent or sometimes with a  smuggler or human trafficker posing as a parent.   This isn't a symbiotic relationship, where the smuggler gets an  honest day's pay and the migrant gets a comfortable ride to the United  States. These smugglers are called coyotes for a reason; they are  predators.   Children are being kidnapped to serve as a free ticket into the  United States. They are often abused or raped along the way, and many  arrive at our border in terrible health. We simply cannot allow these  practices to continue with no response by Congress. We need to close  the loopholes that are being used to unlawfully enter and remain in the  United States and provide much needed protection for these vulnerable  children.   If a pipe burst and caused your kitchen to flood, you wouldn't start  by cleaning up the mess; you would start by fixing the pipe first. If  we want to have any sort of impact on the massive numbers of people  crossing our border, which will only grow, we have to look not just at  the problem but at the root cause.   I would urge all of our colleagues on the other side to stop viewing  this through a purely political lens. This is not a question of Trump  wins, you lose or Trump loses and you win. I am afraid that defines a  lot of our politics in Washington today. That is a terrible mistake and  a disservice to the people we represent, and it is an embarrassment to  an institution which is supposed to be the world's greatest  deliberative body.   We need to view this together as the humanitarian crisis it is-- President Obama called it that--and view it as a problem that will only  continue to grow without our intervention, which it has. We need to  view it as an urgent issue that requires our cooperation and, yes, our  compromise.   I yield the floor.   