 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for his  service and the chairman for his service.   I also want to thank the staff. It has been an extraordinarily  arduous, sleep-depriving and angst-creating process, I know, to get  this bill from this floor over to the Senate floor and through  conference, so I congratulate the staff.   We are blessed as a country and as a Congress to have extraordinarily  qualified people who could, frankly, make very significantly more in  the private sector stick with us and with our country. Their patriotism  and their talent is an extraordinary benefit to us all.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Smith and the Democratic  members and the majority staff of the Armed Services Committee, as well  as the ranking member and the minority staff. They have been working  very hard on this legislation.   The conference report before us represents a compromise. No one ought  to think that is a pejorative. It is what we do. And it means, in  compromising, you do not get everything you want.   Obviously, many of the things that we passed on the floor of this  House that we believed were very, very important items are not in this  conference report. It could lead some to say, well, then we won't vote  for it. That would be a mistake on either side of the aisle.   I am particularly pleased, however, that this report, this bill does  include, for the first time, 12 weeks of paid parental leave for the  birth or adoption of a child for all Federal civilian employees. There  was, for a period of time, a suggestion that it only apply to defense  employees.   I would suggest that the national security of our country is, in  interrelated ways, dependent upon all of our employees, and we ought to  treat them equally. I wrote a letter urging that, and others weighed in  as well.   I am pleased that the committee ultimately decided to treat all  Federal employees the same, even though we limited it not to family  leave, but to parental leave.   Now, that is a step in the right direction. We know that the bonding  between moms and dads and infant children is critically important, and  this will give them the opportunity to do so. And it will give them the  opportunity to not have to make a determination whether or not they  don't get paid in order to create this bond, but they will be enabled  to, as so many could not if they were not paid, take advantage of this  benefit.   So I am disappointed that we don't have full coverage, but this is a  first and very significant step.   I want to congratulate the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B.  Maloney), who has been a giant in her advocacy of this policy for our  people, for our employees, and, by the way, for our infants, whether  they are adopted or whether they are naturally born.   I will continue to fight for the full measure of paid family and  medical leave to be extended to our employees and would urge others  around the country to do the same. While some private businesses are  already instituting paid leave, it would be appropriate that all do so.   In addition, this conference report, unfortunately, does not include  a comprehensive set of provisions that were adopted in this House to  protect communities affected by PFAS.   Now, PFAS is a category of chemicals that essentially do not  disappear and are toxic when introduced into our waters and exist on  our military bases, in some respects, because of the use of foam for  fire suppression, but for other reasons as well.   I know that the chairman fought very hard for this. I know that the  President's position was that he did not want this in the bill and  indicated that it would not happen. But I thank Mr. Smith for fighting  so hard for this, and I know that we will keep fighting.   I want to tell the House that I intend to bring a bill to the floor  incorporating the provisions that were in the defense bill but dropped.  I will bring it to the floor in January. I have talked to Mr. Pallone  about that, and he is looking forward to doing just that.   I am trying to shorten this up a little bit, Madam Speaker.   The last two things I want to mention before I make some general  comments is that I was sorry that the antidiscrimination provision that  was included in this House dealing with transgender people who wanted  to serve their country was eliminated from the bill. I think that was  wrong.   I am one of the people like John McCain. John McCain, when asked  whether or not gays and the LGBT community ought to be able to serve in  the military, said: I want to know whether they shoot straight, not  whether they are straight.   Martin Luther King, Jr., told us to judge people by the content of  their character, not other arbitrary distinctions which may or may not  impact on their performance and their value.   I will continue to fight that ban, which undermines our national  security and the military's effectiveness and does not reflect the  values and ideals that our military defends.   And if you review the 1948 actions, or 1947 actions of Harry Truman  when he integrated the services and he was told, ``Oh, if you do that,  it is going to undermine morale; you ought not to do that,'' very  frankly, I see this exclusion as very much like that opposition to that  action.   Finally, I will also continue to advocate for a change in policy  regarding Yemen. That war is a human-made disaster. It is not our  fault, but we ought not to be complicit.   In closing, let me say this: This is $738 billion of hard-earned tax  money, more than anybody in the world spends. I have been, for the 39  years that I have been here, a strong supporter of our national  security.   I don't know that, other than when we had political fights such as  the Republicans voting against the defense bill when it passed the  House here, that I have voted against a defense bill or an  appropriations bill. I am certainly not going to vote against this one.  I am urging people to support it.   But, Madam Speaker, I want to say to all of my colleagues that we  need, with great diligence and courage, to look at the defense budget  and look at that $738 billion with an eye that the pot is not unlimited  and that our national security depends not only on our defense  investment, but on our domestic investment and education and healthcare  and the welfare of our people. I would urge that the committee focus on  how it can effect diligent oversight on the expenditure of this  extraordinary amount of money, which I will support.  [[Page H10090]]    We included $733 billion. We have no more security because of that  extra $5 billion. And I will tell my friends that $733 billion was  acceptable to some of the folks I talked to on the Republican side of  the aisle.    So I am supporting this bill, but as I have urged privately, both the  chairman and the ranking member, we need to look very carefully at how  we are expending this amount of money to ensure that it is spent  effectively and that we cannot get the same level of defense at a lower  level of expenditure. That is a tough job to do, but it needs to be  done.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this bill.   