 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 60  seconds.    Madam President, I just want to say to the gentleman  from Ohio that I have been to the Edmund Pettus Bridge. I went there  with   John Lewis.   John Lewis is a great American. I supported title  V and the Civil Rights Act. So I appreciate your remarks and your  candidness, but all of us should not castigate all the rest of us and  throw us in groups because all of us are free thinkers, independent  thinkers, and are committed to the betterment of the United States of  America and seeing to it that everybody has a vote who deserves a vote,  and I will always fight for that.   I yield the floor.    I thank the gentleman.    Mr. President, today I am proud to recognize in  the Record the American Legion's director of the national legislative  division, Matthew Shuman, who has a long record of service to our  Nation's veterans.   Mr. Shuman has not only dedicated his career to serving veterans, he  is a veteran himself. He served in the U.S. Army from 2008 to 2012,  most notably as a military police officer. Mr. Shuman concluded his  military career serving on the Arizona Army National Guard Honor Guard,  providing military funeral honors for our Nation's fallen soldiers.   Mr. Shuman began serving veterans with the American Legion in 2015,  starting as an assistant legislative director with the veterans  employment and education portfolio in Washington, DC. In his current  role as director of the national legislative division, Mr. Shuman is  the chief advocate for the 2-million-member organization, working with Federal agencies, the White  House, and the media to share what the American Legion is doing in  Congress on behalf of the 20 million American veterans.   During his time with the American Legion, Mr. Shuman had a role in  the creation and passage of significant legislation impacting America's  veterans. These include the VA MISSION Act, the VA Appeals  Modernization Act, the VA Accountability and Whistleblower Protection  Act, the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act, and The  American Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act. These efforts  have contributed to improving the quality of life and strengthening  healthcare and benefits for servicemembers, veterans, and their  families.   Today I am honored to pay tribute to Mr. Shuman for his service to  our country and his steadfast commitment to advocating on behalf of  veterans throughout his career. Congratulations to Mr. Shuman on his  lasting legacy of advocacy for veterans, and I wish him the best in his  future endeavors.  