 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise because I love my  country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise some 56 days since the Mueller report was made  public; 56 days, according to some, and I have been among them, to say  that the President has been above the law for 56 days pursuant to the  Mueller report.   But the truth is the President has been above the law for more than 2  years because, more than 2 years ago, I stood at this podium and called  for the impeachment of the President of the United States of America  for his obstruction that we now acknowledge was obstruction--more than  2 years. More than 2 years, now, of analysis paralysis. As Dr. King put  it, the paralysis of analysis--more than 2 years.   What does this mean, paralysis analysis? Well, I have my pneumonic  notes.   It means that we are allowing the perfect to be an enemy of the good,  that we are waiting for the perfect opportunity to do what we should  rather than doing that which is good, which we can do now.   It also means overthinking a problem and not analyzing to the extent  that you never make a decision, and in some cases, it means allowing  perfection protection.   Some people will do it simply because knowing you cannot achieve  perfection, it becomes a means by which they can achieve perfection-- perfection protection.   And along the way, over these 2 years, Mr. Speaker, here is what we  have had to deal with.   The first question was: What crime has the President committed? Well,  we know now that you don't have to commit a crime to be impeached.  Constitutional scholars have finally acknowledged it publicly, and  others have accepted it--no crime necessary. Andrew Johnson was  impeached in 1868 in article 10 of the Articles of Impeachment against  him, and it was not for commission of a crime.   Then we had to deal with outsourcing of the investigation. Let's not  do it ourselves. Let's not do what the Framers of the Constitution  intended Congress to do. Let's give it to somebody else. Let's have  some special counsel do it.   And then, of course, thereafter, there was: Wait for the Mueller  report. ``Wait for the Mueller report,'' a constant refrain. We waited  for the Mueller report. The Mueller report has been presented, some 56  days it has been made public.   And now we are dealing with the whole notion of some of these votes  may be hard votes. I know a little bit about hard votes. I have got  some ministers who are not as friendly as they used to be because of  some hard votes that I have taken right here on the floor of the House  of Representatives.   And then, of course, we have this notion that we have to have a rock- solid case. Maybe not in these words, but we have to have a rock-solid  case. Again, to some extent this is analysis by paralysis.   And finally, I will mention today, this, the whole notion that ``I am  against impeachment, although I am for it. I am against it, but I am  for it.'' Realizing that, in the final analysis, if we don't impeach,  ``Well, I was always against it''; if we do impeach, ``Well, I was for  it, but I just want to make sure we do it right.''   ``I am against it, but I am for it.''   Don't you know that the American people can see through this facade?  This is but a veneer. People can see beyond the veneer. People  understand that you can't be for it and against it at the same time.  What a paradox.   At some point, to impeach, you have to use the term ``impeach.'' At  some point, the Judiciary Committee has to be the powerful Judiciary  Committee that has been of old. At some point, we have to stand up.  Either we will hold a ruthless, reckless, lawless President  accountable, or we are all going to be held accountable.   People are worried about the general election. Well, there is a  primary before the general election. It is time for us to do our jobs.  Paralysis analysis cannot prevent us from doing that which the Framers  of the Constitution have accorded us as our responsibility.  [[Page H4436]]    I refuse to allow this to continue. We will have impeachment of this  President brought to the floor of the House of Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the time, as time is running out for us  to continue to analyze to the extent that we are paralyzed.   