 Madam Speaker, as we dither and posture and virtue  signal here today, our southern border is collapsing.   The border patrol warns that before this year is out, they will have  apprehended over 1 million illegal aliens making a mockery of our  sovereignty and our asylum laws. Unless Congress acts, these illegals  will have to be released into our country; that is the population of  the cities of Atlanta and Sacramento combined.   Now, instead of taking simple measures necessary to secure our  borders and reserve our asylum laws for the truly persecuted, the House  meets today to grant blanket amnesty to roughly 2.5 million illegal  aliens, encouraging millions more that they, too, can violate our  borders with impunity.   Now, the Democrats have long-advocated free services for illegals:  free healthcare, legal counsel, education, food, housing--all paid by  American taxpayers.   Now, they deny they support illegal immigration; yet, they heap  rewards on those who illegally immigrate.   Many have gone so far as to advocate abolishing the agencies that  defend our borders.   Democrats long ago ceased to call illegal immigration for what it  is--illegal. They have supported allowing illegal aliens to vote in our  elections and opposed visa tracking of foreign nationals entering our  country.   They have even enacted sanctuary laws that require dangerous criminal  illegal aliens to be released back into our communities rather than to  be deported, as Federal law requires.   Now, the real tragedy today is that there are hundreds of thousands  of  [[Page H4277]]  children who were brought here illegally and, in effect, stranded here  without a country.   They have no legal status here, yet little familiarity with their  birth country. And there is broad bipartisan support to remedy this  situation today, but we cannot do that until we first fully secure our  border and fully enforce our immigration laws. Otherwise, we simply  encourage more children be brought here illegally, producing yet  another generation who will come to us in a few years with the same  demands that we hear today.   We could address both issues right now, right here and now. If full  funding of the border wall and reform of our asylum laws were to be  combined with legalizing the status of children who were brought here  and raised here, through no fault of their own, this bill could become  law in a matter of days.   Within days, we could bring these young people out of legal limbo and  restore the integrity of our borders--within days.   But by forcing the completely one-sided partisan approach, the  Democrats end up with precisely nothing.   This is not legislating. This is farce.   And history is screaming this warning at us that nations that either  cannot or will not secure their borders simply aren't around very long.   Madam Speaker, let that not be the epitaph of the American republic.   