 Senator Kaine is yielding to me to talk about the Interior  Department in the bill. Let me just thank him for his vigilance. When  we have 800,000 Federal employees across this country and their  families hurting, he has been vigilant with this. I know that in the  Commonwealth of Virginia he and Senator Warner are very concerned, as  are Senator Heinrich and myself about what is happening in New Mexico.  I want to speak a little bit about the Interior Department bill, where  I am the ranking Democrat.   I rise today to call on this body to take action and immediately end  the shutdown that is causing tragic consequences in the lives of  Americans. We are on day 27 of the shutdown, the longest in our  Nation's history.   Every day my constituents in New Mexico are asking me what are we  doing to end this senseless shutdown. So I am here on the Senate floor  demanding that we open the government, demanding that we do our jobs as  a coequal branch of government, demanding that we pass bipartisan  appropriations bills.   I have the privilege of serving as the ranking member of the Interior  Appropriations Subcommittee, and I know how critical the Interior bill  is, particularly to my home State of New Mexico and to States across  the West and across the country. The Interior bill funds basic services  like healthcare and public safety for 2 million American Indians and  Alaska Natives through the Indian Health Service and the Bureau of  Indian Affairs.   This bill keeps our air and water clean through the work of the  Environmental Protection Agency. This bill protects and preserves  national parks and other treasured public lands and helps to support  small businesses that depend on them. The Agencies in this bill fund  science, wildlife protection, energy development, and arts and cultural  programs in every State, and they employ tens of thousands of  Americans. There is no reason why they should be shuttered. They are  simply too important.   This shutdown is particularly devastating for Indian Country. Every  day the President continues to treat Tribal programs like hostages for  political gain. By his action he endangers families across Indian  Country. Multiple health clinics that serve urban Indians have closed  their doors, forced to turn hundreds of patients away. Tribal court  programs are in jeopardy. Food distribution and social service programs  are on the chopping block. Law enforcement services are stretched to  the breaking point. Thousands of Tribal members are furloughed--all to  devastating effect.   Indian Country is paying the price for every day that the President's  reckless shutdown continues. These are people's lives and livelihoods  on the line. Our government is completely failing to uphold its trust  and treaty obligations to Native Americans, and all for what? A wildly  expensive and ineffective wall that this Nation doesn't want and a  vanity project for a President who is not putting the best interests of  this country first. It doesn't make any sense.   We need to pass the Interior appropriations bill so we can reopen the  entire National Park System, along with other public lands, and do so  safely. Already, we have heard about the tragic impacts of the shutdown  on our parks, including thousand-year-old Joshua trees cut down in  California, and fossils that have been looted at Carlsbad Caverns in my  home State of New Mexico. We can't let this kind of damage happen to  our most treasured places, and we must ensure that small businesses  that depend on our public lands--from fishing guides to gas stations  and hotels--are able to thrive and keep our economy strong.   Across the board, this shutdown is hurting businesses, contractors,  and Federal workers. Even the President's own Council of Economic  Advisers has released figures doubling the expected impacts to the  economy. Think about that. The President's own aides admit this  shutdown is worse than they anticipated. This is totally unacceptable,  but it is not too late to change the situation.   We can end this shutdown today. All it takes is for enough of my  Republican colleagues and friends to find the courage to join us to  pass these appropriations bills and to send a message to the White  House that we need to reopen the government. I want to say to them,  let's join together to make sure that Tribal health clinics are open  and Tribal law enforcement officers are on patrol.   Let's work side by side to reopen the entire National Park System and  other public lands and ensure that there are enough staff members on  the ground to protect our Nation's most cherished national and cultural  resources. Let's pass these bipartisan appropriations bills without  delay.   I don't understand how this Chamber can stand by and watch the  devastating effects of this shutdown on our Nation. In New Mexico  alone, we estimate that there are at least 10,800 Federal workers who  are working without pay or are furloughed outright. Nationwide, there  are an estimated 800,000 Federal workers and as many as 2 million  Federal contractors who may be affected. We are talking about millions  of people's paychecks being held hostage for a border wall that the  American public doesn't support.   Yesterday I stood on this floor and talked about the impacts this  shutdown is having on the Ornelas family of Carlsbad, NM. They are  depending on a paycheck from the Department of Interior to help keep  their family afloat as they deal with a disabled son who had two brain  surgeries. The Ornelas family was already dealing with one of the worst  crises a family can go through, and now they have to worry about how to  pay for basic necessities. They are just one example of the lives at  stake.   It is not just Federal workers and Federal contractors. Every single  American relies on the Federal Government for essential public safety  and security. The Food and Drug Administration shut down--contaminated  food can kill thousands. TSA agents and FAA air traffic controllers we  rely on to keep air traffic safe are unpaid. In a massive irony,  President Trump's shutdown means the Department of Homeland Security is  unpaid. There are an estimated 2,000 New Mexicans we rely on for border  security, international trade, and immigration work who are unpaid.  This really truly is madness. For their sake and for the sake of all  Americans who are affected by this tragic situation, we need to end  this shutdown now. The consequences of inaction are too great.   Once again, let me thank Senator Kaine for his passion on this issue,  for his vigilance in terms of bringing this issue, and fighting with  all of us on the floor.   I yield to Senator Kaine.   