 Mr. President, it is my great honor and pleasure to  be joined on the floor today by my senior Senator from Rhode Island,  the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator Jack  Reed. We are here today on the Senate floor to speak about the perils  that climate change poses to America's national security.   I am going to frame my remarks around a fact and a proposition.   The fact, as reported in the 2017 climate science report, is that the  oceans of the world are absorbing more than 9 zettajoules of heat  energy each year.   The proposition is one that I think most of us agree with--that  America is and remains the world's indispensable Nation, exceptional  and exemplary.   Let's unpack that fact a little bit. More than 9 zettajoules of heat  energy go into the ocean every year.   First, what is a zettajoule? A zettajoule is sextillion joules, or 10  to the 21st power joules. That is a lot of zeros. More practically, 9  zettajoules is around a dozen times humankind's total annual energy  consumption.   More kinetically speaking, the added heat in our oceans is equivalent  to four Hiroshima-sized nuclear bombs exploding in the oceans every  second--every second. So every minute, 240 Hiroshima blasts in the  ocean--in the time of my remarks, probably 3,000 Hiroshima explosions-- with the oceans capturing all of that heat energy.   Let's go back to the proposition that America is the world's  indispensable and exemplary Nation. Years ago, Daniel Webster probably  said it best, describing the work of our Founders as having ``set the  world an example.'' His was not a unique vision of America. From  Jonathan Winthrop at the beginning to Ronald Reagan recently, we have  called ourselves a city on a hill, set high for the world to witness.  From President Kennedy to President Obama, inaugural addresses have  noted that the glow of our ideals ``light[s] the world.'' President  Clinton argued that ``[p]eople the world over have always been more  impressed by the power of our example than the example of our power.''   When Daniel Webster said that our Founding Fathers had set the world  an example, he went on to say this: ``The last hopes of mankind,  therefore, rest with us; and if it should be proclaimed that our  example had become an argument against the experiment, the knell''-- meaning the death nail--``of popular liberty would be sounded  throughout the earth.''   How does the fact of 9 zettajoules and the proposition of America's  role relate to each other? First is the climate chaos mankind will  increasingly have to bear. A recent study published by Nature found  with 99.9999 percent confidence that Earth is warming due to human  activity. I could give you any number of risks, such as global sea  level rise or increasing wildfires and droughts or the unprecedented  CO2 concentrations in our atmosphere. All of this affects  human health, human agriculture, and human economy, and all of these  risks also have national security consequences.   Through the years, America's national security experts could not have  made it much plainer. Fifty-eight former military and national security  leaders sent this letter this month to President Trump warning that  ``[c]limate change is real, it is happening now, it is driven by  humans, and it is accelerating.'' They went on to say that the  administration's denial of climate science will ``erode our national  security.'' They warned that the effects of climate change are already  being ``used by our adversaries as a weapon of war,'' citing ISIS's  control of water during climate change-exacerbated drought. This letter  urges President Trump to ``drop the politics, and allow our national  security and science agencies to do their jobs.''   They are not alone. The Pentagon's 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review  described climate change as a ``global threat multiplier,'' warning  that ``the pressures caused by climate change will influence resource  competition while placing additional burdens on economies, societies,  and governance institutions around the world.''   Former admiral Samuel Locklear, as head of U.S. Pacific Command,  warned in 2013 that climate change was the biggest long-term security  threat in his area of operation, noting the need for the military to  organize for, as he called it, ``when the effects of climate change  start to impact these massive populations.''   ``If it goes bad,'' he said, ``you could have hundreds of thousands  or millions of people displaced and then security will start to crumble  pretty quickly.''   A recent survey of nearly 300 Active-Duty and veteran servicemembers  found that 77 percent ``consider it fairly or very likely that military  bases in coastal or island regions will be damaged by flooding or  severe storms as a result of climate change.''   In response to a provision championed by Rhode Island Congressman   Jim Langevin in the House and by Senator Reed in the Senate, the last  NDAA bill instructed the Department of Defense to provide a report  examining the effects of climate change on the military. Of 79 DOD  installations evaluated, 53 currently experience recurrent flooding, 43  are experiencing drought conditions, 36 are prone to wildfires, 6 are  seeing desertification, and 1 is dealing with thawing permafrost. That  is what is happening now. In 20 years, the DOD predicts, an additional  seven installations will experience flooding, five more will see  drought conditions, and seven will see wildfire risks.   Of course, all of those risks will get worse. This report failed to  list the top 10 most vulnerable installations and ignores the Marine  Corps, but it nevertheless warned that ``[t]he effects of a  [[Page S1944]]  changing climate are a national security issue with potential impacts  to Department of Defense missions, operational plans, and  installations.''   The national security ties to climate change begin with our military.   A second point. Henry Kissinger once told me that the great  revolutions of the world have always come from what he called a  ``confluence of resentments.'' I have not forgotten that phrase since  he used it, a ``confluence of resentments.'' The poorest on the planet,  those who live closest to the land, who lead subsistence lives, will  suffer most the brunt of the coming change, and they will resent it. It  is human nature.   If you divide the world into three groups, you can call one group the  very poorest, who will starve when, for instance, their fisheries  collapse. The middle group is distressed when fisheries collapse but  has the resources to find alternative food sources. At the top, the  fish in our air-conditioned supermarket may cost a bit more and come  from a different part of the ocean, and we may drive home in our air- conditioned SUV with a slightly larger grocery bill, but that will be  it for us. The first two groups will resent it when they feel the pain  caused by the SUV crowd. If you turn that pain up high enough, good  luck defending with those injured people the parliamentary democracy  and market capitalism system that brought this on. The injustice will  amplify the resentments.   My final point. How does America fare as the exemplary Nation through  all of this? Well, very badly. Democracy and capitalism are the  hallmarks of our country, and the failure of those institutions to  address climate change will not be a good story.   Worse than the failure is the reason for it. The climate denial  apparatus that has won unseemly influence in Congress now will surely  lose the test of time. The consequences of climate change are  determined by laws of chemistry, of physics, and of biology. Those laws  can't be repealed or wished away. Propaganda can manipulate people and  passions and politics, but it has no effect on the immutable laws of  nature. So the fossil fuel industry's denial apparatus will ultimately  be exposed as a fraud and a scandal, and history will lament and  condemn it as one of the great American frauds and scandals. History's  judgment will come harshly, and it will fall harshly on an American  democracy that let itself be overborne by this apparatus.   James Madison, in the Federalist Papers, warned of ``moments in  public affairs when the people [can be] misled by artful  misrepresentations of interested men.'' By that, of course, he meant  people with a conflict of interest. He went on to say that misled  people ``may call for measures which they themselves will afterwards be  the most ready to lament and condemn.'' We have certainly been misled  by artful misrepresentations of the interested men of the fossil fuel  industry.   It may be hard for us in our world of air-conditioning, SUVs, and  imported fresh fish to contemplate resentment and revolution, but the  harms to the oceans of 9 zettajoules of heat--4.5 Hiroshima explosions  worth of heat per second that we are adding to the oceans--those harms  are on a collision course with our destiny as a city on a hill. We  urgently need to show the world that market capitalism and democracy  don't fail when presented with big problems if we are to head off a  confluence of resentments that we are now making inevitable.   With that, I yield to my distinguished senior Senator, Mr. Jack Reed.   