 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the National  Defense Authorization Act. I want to begin by thanking the chairman of  the Armed Services Committee and also his ranking member, Senator Jack  Reed. I think Senator Inhofe and Senator Reed have both shown  tremendous leadership on behalf of our men and women in uniform,  working together in a bipartisan way.   The Presiding Officer, as a member of our military still today, can  certainly vouch for the importance of this legislation. The way they  worked together and got this done, I think, is exactly the way people  would want the chairman and ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee to work on behalf of our military. So I thank the good  Senator from Oklahoma and his ranking member. It is really an  outstanding effort.   This is a very important piece of legislation. Of course, it is  something that we need to get done on behalf of our military, the  finest men and women in uniform in the world. This is an incredibly  important support. I thank not only the chairman and the ranking  member, but I also thank all of my colleagues on the Armed Services  Committee for their diligence and for their efforts to reach a  conference agreement on this National Defense Authorization Act. This  is a critical piece of legislation that supports our Armed Forces.   This year, the conference agreed to $738 billion in overall funding  authorization. I am a member of the Defense Appropriations Committee,  so I work on the other side of the equation to make sure that those  authorizations are funded. Obviously, this includes numerous provisions  and investments that build readiness, modernize our force, and preserve  our status as the world's preeminent military power.   In addition to providing a 3.1-percent pay raise for our men and  women in uniform--the largest increase in nearly a decade--the  agreement also includes important provisions to support our  servicemembers and veterans. I am proud to have worked on some of those  and backed, of course, not only those provisions but other provisions  that make this very good legislation for our men and women in uniform.   Similar to legislation I helped introduce earlier this year, the NDAA  extends TRICARE Reserve Select eligibility to all guardsmen and  reservists, including those who also are Federal employees. That is  effective beginning January 1, 2030. That is something that I know  members of our Guard and Reserve felt was very important.   It also includes the Military Widow's Tax Elimination Act, which  repeals the current military widow's tax to ensure that surviving  military spouses receive their full survivor benefits.   Another bipartisan bill that I wrote together with the Senator from  New Hampshire, Mrs. Jeanne Shaheen, the Air Traffic Controller Hiring  Reform Act of 2019, is included in this legislation as well. It enables  the FAA to prioritize the hiring of veterans and graduates of FAA- Certified Collegiate Training Initiative schools, like the University  of North Dakota John D. Odegard School of Aviation and Aerospace, and  it removes the current 10-percent hiring pool limitation. That is very  important for our universities that provide training in air traffic  control, and it is very important for the FAA and for the safety of  aviation in our country, making sure that we have qualified air traffic  controllers out there managing air traffic in the national airspace.    The NDAA also includes several more important measures that I was  pleased to cosponsor, one that helps ensure that the children of  National Guard and Reserve members have access to additional support  services in school, as well as another provision that corrects the  disparity in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code to protect veterans' benefits in  the event they file for bankruptcy.   There are many other important priorities in this legislation that go  to my particular State, whether it is the MQ-9 program that our  National Guard runs out of Hector Field in Fargo or whether it is the  Global Hawk's mission at the Grand Forks Air Force Base or the B-52 and  ICBM mission at Minot Air Force Base. All of these installations and  our Guard, of course, play an incredibly important part in terms of the  overall defense of our country, as well as so many other aspects.   Things that we have come to rely on, whether it is flood, fire,  hurricane, or anything else, who do you turn to first? It is always the  National Guard. They are always there, and they are always ready. Of  course, they do an amazing job when we send them overseas or in any  military capacity, but they do such an amazing job for us in so many  other situations. Like I said, in any kind of disaster, fire, flood, or  emergency, they are there for us.   The NDAA legislation also includes an amendment that I sponsored that  requires the Air Force and the National Nuclear Security Administration  to regularly report on their progress in developing the new ICBM and  replacing its warhead. This measure will foster interagency cooperation  and in turn help ensure the replacement for the Minuteman III is on  schedule.   Not only do we need to authorize these programs, but, as I said, we  also need to provide the funding for them as well, which we do through  Defense appropriations. As the Presiding Officer knows, we will be  taking up that legislation soon, as well. That is the other side of the  coin, that we need to make sure we get done this week, in a timely way,  for the full year so that our military knows they have not only the  authorization but the funding to move forward with these programs.   There is no question that we have the finest military in the world  and that we have the finest men and women who put everything on the  line for us to serve in that military. We need to make sure we not only  get these programs authorized, but that we fully appropriate the  funding for those programs to support our tremendous men and women in  uniform. There is no way for us to say thank you enough for all they  do, but it is very important that we get our job done here and provide  this very important support for them.   With that, I thank you.   I yield the floor.   