 Mr. President, to be specific, 51 years ago, the  United Citizens for Nixon-Agnew descended upon the city of  Indianapolis, IN, a city to which a young man named Richard Lugar had  been elected mayor. That was my first opportunity to meet former  Senator Richard Lugar, who died a few days ago.   He became Richard Nixon's favorite mayor. He persuaded the suburban  areas around Indianapolis and the city itself to do something almost no  city in America has been able to do--Nashville did it; Miami did it;  Louisville did it; and Indianapolis did it. It was to have a unified  government--to get rid of 60 different municipal governments and form  one. No one was very surprised when Richard Lugar was able to  accomplish something, because he had been marked from the beginning as  being a young man of extraordinary ability.   At Denison, where he went to college, he became a Rhodes Scholar. He  studied at Oxford. He became a Navy intelligence officer. Later on in  the sixties--and I have mentioned 1968 as the year in which we met him  for the first time--as mayor, he was able to deal not only with the  unification of Indianapolis but with the difficult racial times that  occurred all over America during the late 1960s.   Nobody was surprised when he ran for the U.S. Senate in 1974. He was  defeated in the Watergate sweep that wiped out a large number of  promising young candidates, which I had a little personal experience  with in Tennessee. Yet no one was surprised when he came back in 1976  and won.       As soon as he was elected, he organized the other Republican Senators  who had been elected that year to vote for Howard Baker, Jr., for the  Republican leader of the Senate in January 1977. Senator Baker won that  race by one vote. You can imagine that Senator Baker had a very high  opinion of Senator Richard Lugar, and they became close friends.   I first really worked with him in 1980 when I was the Governor of  Tennessee. Senator Baker wanted to run for President, so he summoned to  Nashville, to meet in my office, Senator Lugar and his young aide,  Mitch Daniels--later, the Governor of Indiana and now the president of  Purdue University--as well as Warren Rudman, the Senator from New  Hampshire, and his young aide, Tom Rath. I admired Dick Lugar then, and  I admired him throughout the rest of his career. It was a privilege to  serve with him on the Foreign Relations Committee while he was the  chairman of it when I was elected to the U.S. Senate.   I noticed that unlike all of us Senators, when Richard Lugar had  something to say, he had something to say, so people actually listened  to him. We  [[Page S2478]]  have a tradition in the Republican caucus in which we have Thursday  lunches that are hosted by various members of our caucus. I have served  something from the town in which Jack Daniel's is made--not the whiskey  but the food. Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith served some Mississippi food  last week before the recess. We will go around the room in the order in  which we have come in, and everyone will stand up and say something.  Well, we all say something, but what was different about Richard Lugar  was, during those Thursday lunches, he actually had something to say.  He was intelligent and thoughtful. He studied. He was never flamboyant.  He was not into symbolic votes. He dominated Indiana politics for 36  years, and he had the respect of virtually anyone whom he ever met.   Not many Senators in our history have the opportunity to do what he  did with former Senator Nunn and the Nunn-Lugar law, which was to  basically dismantle thousands of nuclear weapons--take out the  explosive parts of them and render them useless as instruments of war  for the future. He continued to work for a safe world and played a  major role in the New START treaty in 2010.   There will be many memorials and many speeches and many compliments  paid to Senator Lugar. President Obama awarded him the Presidential  Medal of Freedom--the highest civilian honor in our country. I will  remember him for his quiet, unassuming, highly intelligent, thoughtful  style of leadership. The world is better and safer because of Richard  Lugar's life in public service. He was always a gentleman, always  principled. He was a model for what all of us should hope for in our  public officials. He was a good friend for many years.       I and Honey, my wife, and our family send our sympathy and our  respect for the life of Richard Lugar to Char and his family.   I yield the floor.   