 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Stivers) not only for yielding time in support of my bill but giving  the creative one in my family recognition for the pithy acronym that  goes with this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, as has been stated, my bill is the Building Up  Independent Lives and Dreams Act, which is also known as the BUILD Act.   First, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have  worked with me to make this a strong, bipartisan effort.   I appreciate the gentleman from California (Mr. Sherman) for  cosponsoring this bill and for his work, with our staffs working  together, to make this is a bill as perfected as we can.   I thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry for recommending  this bill to come to the floor for a vote.   I also thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez) for her  support and cosponsorship of this important legislation.   Last year, it was brought to my attention that certain regulations  enacted by Dodd-Frank were placing a significant burden on charitable  organizations that provide low-cost housing to needy families. These  nonprofits were having to spend an excessive amount of time and  resources complying with these new regulations, which were ultimately  designed for large mortgage lenders.   The time and effort that they were spending on regulatory compliance  was taking resources away from these nonprofits' core mission of  providing affordable housing.   The problem, as I learned, was that the Dodd-Frank Act required the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to combine the TILA loan estimate  and the RESPA closing disclosure forms into one integrated mortgage  disclosure form called TRID.   While the intention of the new TRID forms was to ensure that home  buyers received essential information about the costs and terms of  their home loans, the unintended consequences of this one-size-fits-all  approach significantly impacted nonprofit organizations, such as  Habitat for Humanity.   The TRID rule is nearly 2,000 pages long, very complex, and includes  disclosure forms for things such as balloon loans and adjustable rate  mortgages. While these types of loans may be applicable to traditional  mortgage lenders, they are not relevant to these nonprofits. These new  rules and their associated forms have caused confusion  [[Page H3769]]  for home buyers, staff, and volunteers of these charitable  organizations.   To further complicate the matter, the new TRID disclosures were  designed to be completed by computer software. However, these software  applications are much too costly for many local Habitat affiliates and  other nonprofits.   The vast majority of more than 1,200 Habitat groups nationwide are  small, community-based organizations with very small mortgage  portfolios. Few, if any, have full-time staff. These organizations have  experienced challenges with the costs and the complexity of the TRID  mortgage disclosure forms.   To remedy these problems, and to provide regulatory relief to these  nonprofits, the BUILD Act exempts charities from the cost and  complexity of the new TRID rule but still ensures that the terms of  these mortgage loans are disclosed.   Mortgage lenders that make five or fewer loans a year are already  exempt from TRID and are allowed to use the much simpler forms that  were in place prior to Dodd-Frank. The BUILD Act simply extends this  same exemption to nonprofits that are eligible for tax-exempt  charitable donations and are making zero-interest mortgage loans,  regardless of how many mortgage loans they are making per year.   The BUILD Act will allow local Habitat facilities, and other similar  nonprofits, to choose whether they use these older but simpler forms or  the new, more complicated TRID forms.   In closing, I want to reiterate that the purpose of this bill is to  help charitable organizations spend more time fulfilling their mission,  which is providing low-cost housing to needy families, and less time  sitting in an office doing regulatory paperwork.   The bill recognizes that one size does not fit all, especially when  it comes to regulating these charities, and it gives them the  flexibility to choose which mortgage disclosure forms work best for  them and for those they help.   As my colleague Mr. Sherman has already brought up, this bill passed  the Financial Services Committee and the House unanimously last  Congress. I hope that we can repeat that again today here in a few  moments.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in support of this important  bill.   