 Mr. President, I rise today to honor a Foreign Service  Officer of the United States and a former Pearson Fellow in my office,  who was tragically killed in an accident while serving his country  abroad.   After serving in my office for a yearlong fellowship, Nathan Lane was  assigned to the Poland desk at the U.S. State Department here in  Washington. Sadly, while on temporary duty in Poland, he was involved  in a car accident. While he was initially hospitalized, his injuries  proved too severe, and, surrounded by his loving family, he passed away  on November 2.   Nathan was a committed public servant who joined the State Department  in 2000 and served in nearly every corner of the globe. He and his wife  Sara and, later, his son Peter travelled from Mexico, to Russia, to  Belarus, to Vietnam, and finally to Kenya. After his assignment in  Kenya, he had the ``misfortune'' to be assigned to my office through a  Pearson Fellowship. Here, my team and I got to see his diligence and  dedication every day firsthand.   During his time in my office, Nathan proved invaluable. His knowledge  and expertise of foreign policy gave him a mastery of the portfolio, as  revealed by his exceptionally researched policy papers on important  international issues and matters that my team and I tackled in the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee.   Nathan's understanding of the dynamics of foreign relations and his  skills at compiling pertinent information allowed him to craft the  soon-to-be-released report on China. This product of the Subcommittee  on East Asia, the Pacific, and Cybersecurity Policy will be a  comprehensive report on the activities of China in the Indo-Pacific  region. Absent Nathan's diligence and dedication, this report would not  have been possible.   Additionally, Nathan drafted a resolution urging the formation of an  unprecedented treaty alliance between the United States and Indo- Pacific nations to collectively guard against growing cyber threats.  The Cyber League of Indo-Pacific States, or CLIPS, was Nathan's  brainchild. He was passionate about this idea and rightfully proud of  this resolution, and my team and I are honored to carry on this torch.   Of course, Nathan contributed so much more than just policy  expertise. His kind heart and curious nature made him a friend to my  staff and me. He would readily help those around him, even with the  smallest tasks, without a whisper of complaint and quickly fit in as  one of the team.   Nathan had many passions beyond foreign policy. He loved chess, and  every so often, we would catch him pulling up an ongoing game between  times of busyness. He loved running, and it wasn't uncommon for him to  step away from his desk at a convenient time to go for a quick jog  around Capitol Hill.   Perhaps his greatest passion, though, was baseball. Indeed, one of  his most timeless contributions to our office was his membership of  Coors & Corn, the joint softball team between Senator Sasse's office  and mine. We may not have won it all that year, but we certainly would  not have stood a chance without Nathan. As we celebrate the World  Series in Washington, Nathan was such a great Nats fan that, every time  we cheer for that team, we will also be cheering for him.   He was one of a kind. He was cheerful, eager, and caring; his loss  will be felt by all of us who knew him. I ask my colleagues to join me  in praying for his family, his wife, and his son and commemorating the  man who graced so many of us with his compassion.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   