 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the same issue my  colleague from New York just spoke to, and I know others have preceded  her on the floor. I am grateful to be a part of this discussion today.   What I could do--but I know I don't have to because it is so well  known now--is go through the three or four most recent mass shootings  which are the ones that get most attention, but I don't have to do that  because we know so well now what happened just in the last number of  weeks.   One way to remember them, of course, is by the names of the  communities: El Paso, Dayton, Midland, Odessa--names like that where  everyone in the country knows exactly what we are talking about because  of what happened there. What we don't talk about enough, of course, are  the places where there is daily gun violence and horror and tragedy and  death and grievous injury because it doesn't get the same attention.   Tragically, another way to go through a list of tragedies that are  connected to this awful epidemic of gun violence--this uniquely  American problem of gun violence--is to use numbers. These numbers are  now emblazoned on the communities that were so tragically destroyed, in  large measure, by these events. In El Paso it was 22, in Dayton it was  9, and in Midland and Odessa it was 7. So doing the math, that is 38.  That is the number of people killed in just three places. Of course,  there are a lot of other deaths between those tragic events which  aren't getting the same attention. That is another way to measure--38  killed between August 3 and August 31. Another number is the number of  injured. I think the number now is just about 76, just in those three  tragedies. So there were 38 killed and 76 injured in three American  communities.   One of the most disturbing realities after the fact is what happened  in Dayton in just such a short timeframe. I know that timeframe. We  could probably cite the other tragedies as well, but we know that in  about 32 seconds in Dayton, 9 people were killed and 27 were injured.  Law enforcement, the folks we often call the good guys--good guys not  just with guns but good guys with a lot of training and a heroic  willingness and heroic commitment to get to a place of danger to try to  apprehend a criminal and to try to save people. In Dayton, law  enforcement officials got there faster than Superman could get there,  and it wasn't fast enough because in 32 seconds 9 were gone and 27 were  injured.   We know that in Midland and Odessa, TX, the authorities reported that  the gunman was prohibited from purchasing a firearm at one point, but  he was able to avoid a background check because he purchased his  assault-style weapon through a private sale. This is further evidence  of why we need a background check bill that is rigorous--not just a  background check bill that makes a nice headline but is rigorous enough  to stop the guy in Texas who brought such horror to that community,  including, as one of the wounded, a 17-month-old child.   We also know that through the month of August, in that same time  period I mentioned, the 3rd to the 31st--but if you include every day  of that month, the United States has experienced 38 mass shootings. So  there were 38 times when four or more people were involved, which is  the definition of a mass shooting.   When I think about it in terms of the scale of it--and I don't think  there is anyone who would disagree with this--this is a public health  epidemic, and it is plaguing our cities and our communities every  single day. What we are talking about, in terms of the perpetrators of  this violence, they are not just criminals, they are domestic  terrorists, and we should call them that. That is what they are. We  shouldn't try to remember their names or, frankly, even speak their  names, but we should remember what they are: domestic terrorists who  are, frankly, in terms of the whole scale of the problem, causing more  problems in America than any other terrorists are causing. These  domestic terrorists are using high-powered, military-style assault  weapons to kill our children and to kill our families.    We know that last October, the most deadly active violence against  the Jewish community in American history occurred at the Tree of Life  synagogue in the city of Pittsburgh. Eleven were killed there and six  were injured, including four of the six being law enforcement officers  who, again, got there very quickly--maybe not in seconds but in  minutes. Of course, getting there that fast, with all of their  training, all of their courage, and all of their commitment, was not  fast enough because even though they got there in just minutes, that  wasn't fast enough because of the nature of the weapon and because of  the assailant.   How about Philadelphia? The two biggest cities in my home State are  Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, Philadelphia being the largest. Days  before the horrible weekend of El Paso and Dayton, a mass shooting  occurred in Southwest Philadelphia that left a 21-year-old dead and  five others injured. Because only one person was killed, it is not  ranked as a mass shooting. That happened in that same timeframe.   On August 14, an individual in North Philadelphia barricaded himself  in a house and shot six police officers with an assault-style weapon.  The shootout lasted nearly 8 hours and prompted a local childcare  center to shelter in place for hours. I was at that childcare center  just a few days later. Watching it on the news, I had envisioned a  geographic distance of a lot more than it was. When I walked just to  the side of the building where the childcare center was and looked  across the street, it was closer than the width of this room we are in  today. When you go out the back door of the childcare center, it was  within feet across a very narrow street from where the shooter was  barricaded. In this instance, you have one shooter in a house with a  high-powered weapon who is able to hold off a number of law enforcement  officials for hours at a time. That is just one example of the power of  the weapon.   The issue of gun violence is a uniquely American problem. No country  has the same problem on this scale. America has never had a problem  like this in its history. It is uniquely American and unique in  American history itself.   Some in Congress want to surrender to this problem. The argument is  that there is nothing we can do except better enforcement of existing  law. I don't think most Americans believe that--nor should they-- because there is certainly more we can do. To have a position that I  would say is a surrender to the problem, you would have to argue that  the most powerful Nation in the history of the world can do absolutely  nothing--except maybe tighten up a law by way of enforcement--that we  can do absolutely nothing to confront this problem.   No one is arguing that if we passed a background check bill here or  an extreme risk protection order bill that somehow the problem would  magically begin to decline. No one is arguing that. But there is  certainly something we can do to reduce the likelihood and we would  hope substantially reduce the likelihood of more mass shootings. If we  passed two bills in the Senate that  [[Page S5427]]  became law and 25 years from now, one mass shooting was prevented, it  would be worth every minute of that effort and every degree of energy  expended in furtherance of passing that legislation.   We have been talking about this for a long time just in the recent  past. We now know that it is more than 195 days since the House passed  H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019.   As I referred to earlier, in the Odessa-Midland shooting, we know  that our Nation now needs a national background checks bill in order to  make all Americans safer from the horrors of gun violence.   Reports indicate that in 2018 alone, 1.2 million firearm classified  ads were posted on armslist.com that did not require a background check  before purchase. This is a big loophole that helps feed an illegal  underground gun market in cities and communities across our country. If  implemented, the universal background checks bill known as H.R. 8 would  close this loophole, requiring background checks for all firearm sales  between private parties. We also know that since 1994, background  checks have prevented 3.5 million gun sales to dangerous criminals and  others prohibited from owning a gun.   I have to ask again, are we to surrender to this problem? I don't  think so. I think most Americans don't want to surrender to it. What  they want is for us to take action. They are a little bit tired of just  speeches and debate. They may want a little more debate, but they want  votes. They want us to be debating and voting several times at least,  if not more so.   This is a grave, difficult challenge to confront, but the commitment  to confronting it is a mission that I think is worthy of a great  country. I ask Majority Leader McConnell to give the Senate the  opportunity to debate and vote on first the universal background checks  bill, H.R. 8. And I am sure there will be other versions of that in the  debate, and that is fine. We should debate all of them and vote on all  of them and debate and vote on an extreme risk protection bill.   I would argue we should do more than that. We should have a series of  commonsense gun measures to be debated and voted on, even if we are  likely to know the outcome, because the American people expect that  this uniquely American problem and the scale of it are worthy of that  debate and worthy of those votes.   I yield the floor.   