 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Global Fragility Act. I  want to thank my good friend, Chairman Engel, for introducing this  bill. I am proud to be the lead Republican on this vital bipartisan  legislation.   Violent conflict costs the global economy more than $14 trillion  every year, killing tens of thousands of people and displacing millions  from their homes. In the past, the United States has been investing  billions of dollars to stabilize fragile states and conflict areas,  often with little to show for it.   We are successful militarily. For example, we have destroyed the so- called caliphate in Iraq and Syria. But as former Secretary of Defense  James Mattis once said: ``The more that we put into the State  Department's diplomacy, hopefully, the less we have to put into a  military budget as we deal with the outcome. . . . `'   Simply put, we need to be more effective in helping to prevent  conflicts before they erupt. That is what this bill is designed to do.   Weak governance, corruption, and extreme poverty fuel instability.  Jihadi groups prey on these conditions and plague key parts of the  world with their violence and oppression. Fragile states provide  fertile recruiting ground for these terrorists and, also, transnational  criminal organizations.   Sadly, we are seeing jihadists expand in the Sahel region of Africa.  Violent attacks linked to terror groups have doubled every year since  2016.   When I was in Africa last month, I heard tragic stories of this  growing threat. I am glad that we are taking action here today to help  bring stability to this vital region by passing the Global Fragility  Act.   Our bill requires the administration to launch a new initiative to  coordinate our assistance in fragile states. This will ensure that the  United States takes a whole-of-government approach to preventing  violent conflict rather than individual agencies funding piecemeal,  uncoordinated activities.   The bill requires the State Department to coordinate with USAID, the  Department of Defense, and other agencies in standing up a pilot  program in a select number of countries. It also ensures consistent  future funding in order to take a long-term approach to our programs  and objectives in those key selected locations.    Madam Speaker, we must get this right. We are seeing unprecedented  levels of instability, displacement, and humanitarian needs around the  world in Syria, Venezuela, Yemen, the Sahel, South Sudan, and  elsewhere. Preventing conflict and violence can save the U.S. taxpayer  dollars and make our country and the rest of the world safer.   I want to recognize the development community and NGOs, like the ONE  Campaign, for the important work that they have done on this critical  humanitarian and national security issue. They have been extremely  supportive of this bill, and I look forward to working with them to get  to final passage.   Madam Speaker, in closing, I would like to say that we have done a  lot of good things in terms of defending this Nation. As chairman of  Homeland Security, I think that we stopped probably 95 percent of the  threats that we saw coming at us.   We have done very good offensively in our military, defeating and  destroying extremist groups like al-Qaida and ISIS in Iraq and Syria  and the collapse of the caliphate. But, Madam Speaker, I think where we  have been probably not as good and where we need to do better is in  prevention and getting at the root causes of the problems.   Getting to the root cause of the problems, particularly in Africa, is  extremely important, as the military tells us the Sahel will be the  next caliphate.   We have to pass this bill because it gets to the root cause. It is  the prevention piece that the State Department, USAID, and the  Department of Defense will work together to stop and prevent extremism  at its core roots, and I believe it will make the world a safer place  long term.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Refugee Sanitation Facility  Safety Act.   I want to commend my two colleagues from New York, Representatives  Meng and Zeldin, and also Chairman Engel for the good work on this  bill.   Around the world, conflict and humanitarian disasters are causing  unprecedented levels of displacement in places like South Sudan,  Somalia, Syria, Nigeria, and Venezuela.   Some of these crises have dragged on for years and even decades.  Generations of young people are growing up knowing only life in a  refugee camp where conditions can be dire, and even dangerous, for  women, children, and other vulnerable populations.   In these situations, things as basic as lights and locks can make a  difference between safe restrooms and bathing facilities in dangerous  environments where refugees are vulnerable to sexual violence and other  crimes.   This bill amends the Foreign Relations Act to ensure support for safe  sanitation facilities for refugees and displaced persons living in  camps around the world.   The U.S. continues to be the largest donor to refugees and displaced  persons around the world, and we will continue to lead, while  encouraging other countries to step up and do more.   In closing, Madam Speaker, the United States is a leading donor of  humanitarian assistance to refugees around the world. Through the work  of UNHCR and NGO partners, we are saving millions of lives every day.   This bill does not increase those assistance levels but will help  ensure that our funding is put to effective use in protecting the  safety and dignity of vulnerable refugees.   Madam Speaker, I want to, again, thank Chairman Engel and  Representatives Meng and Zeldin for their leadership, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   