 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Huffman  for his leadership and for supporting this legislation, and I thank  Congressman McClintock for supporting this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1487, the Santa Monica  Mountains National Recreation Area Boundary Adjustment Study Act.   In the 1970s, Congress established the Santa Monica Mountains  National Recreation Area to preserve natural and historic sites and to  provide recreational, educational, scientific, and public health  benefits to our greater Los Angeles community.   Today, it spans more than 150,000 acres in Los Angeles and Ventura  Counties, including parts of the Santa Monica Bay Watershed in my  congressional district. Much of the Santa Monica Bay Watershed,  however, remains outside of the national recreation area. This includes  several miles of beaches and acres of wetlands that stand to benefit  greatly from Federal resources.   My bill would commission the National Park Service to conduct a 3- year special resource study to determine whether to expand the boundary  of the existing Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area or  create a new national recreation area altogether.   The study would cover the entire Santa Monica Bay coastline, from  Venice Beach to Torrance Beach, as well as the Ballona Wetlands,  Ballona Creek, Baldwin Hills, and the San Pedro coastline.   While conducting the study, the National Park Service will consult  with State and local government groups, community groups, nonprofits,  and residents.   The study would become a basis for future congressional action to  modify the national recreation area borders. Expanding the national  recreation area would allow the watershed to benefit from available  Federal, scientific, and infrastructure resources, enabling better  conservation and recreational use. It would also help Federal agencies  enter into cooperative agreements to manage the land and carry out  improvement projects aimed at connecting trails, building wildlife  corridors, and more.   Importantly, all of this would be accomplished without affecting  private property rights or creating unfunded mandates on State or local  governments.   The Los Angeles coastal region stands to benefit tremendously from  increased Federal resources to preserve open space for conservation and  recreation, and I am proud to have the support of many of my colleagues  in the Los Angeles delegation. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  H.R. 1487.   