 Madam President, I rise to honor Utah's valiant citizen, MG  Jeff Burton, adjutant general of the Utah National Guard, and to pay  tribute to him for his many years of devoted service to our Nation and  to the great State of Utah.   As General Burton closes a long chapter of 37 years of military  service, he leaves behind a tremendous legacy as an American patriot  and as a true servant-leader. So I would like to take a moment to talk  about General Burton today.   From a young age, General Burton knew that he wanted to follow in the  footsteps of a number of his family members by serving both his faith  and his country. He served a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of  Latter-day Saints on a Canadian Indian reservation, braving harsh  conditions that would well prepare him for his future of military  service.   As soon as he returned home, he enrolled at Brigham Young University,  where he enlisted in the National Guard as an artillery field soldier.  He joined BYU's ROTC Program, receiving a commission as second  lieutenant in 1984.   He completed tours with the U.S. Army Military Police Corps in  Alabama; with the 4th Infantry Division at Fort Carson, CO; and with  the 7th U.S. Corps in Germany, where he witnessed the fall of the  Berlin Wall.   In 1991, General Burton left the Army and returned home to join the  Utah National Guard, where he served in a variety of distinguished  leadership positions over the next decade. Chief among them was a  position that involved commanding the 1457th Engineer Combat Battalion  during Operation Iraqi Freedom as part of the initial ground war in  that conflict.   He and his troops were tasked with searching for and eliminating  explosive devices, improving Embassy security, and improvising whenever  necessary to strengthen security in and around the U.S. Embassy, and of  course responding to bombings and other acts of terror. They were often  the first ones on the scene of an explosion. In honor of his heroic  service there, he was awarded the Bronze Star.   General Burton was appointed assistant adjutant general of the Utah  National Guard in 2008, promoted to brigadier general just a few months  later, and then made major general and adjutant general in 2012. In  this role, General Burton has trained and equipped over 7,000 soldiers  under his command and helped them to prepare to respond to challenges  in both military life and in their personal lives.   He has prepared them not only to fight our Nation's wars and provide  military support to our troops throughout the world but to combat  wildfires, respond to natural disasters, and ensure law and order in  our communities. Under his leadership, they have performed at an  absolutely remarkable and, indeed, exceptional caliber.   When the 100,000-soldier surge in Afghanistan ended in 2012, General  Burton was also responsible for overseeing the needs of the soldiers  returning home from war. He rose to the challenge, tending to both the  physical and emotional needs of those warriors and their families with  the utmost care. As he himself has once said, ``May we make a silent  promise to keep the faith with our battle buddies and wingmen. . . .  May we be strong for one another, and unashamedly rush to the aid of  those in need. May we remember those who have suffered grievous  physical wounds in the defense of liberty, and may we never forget  those who have given the ultimate sacrifice within our formations so  that we might live in freedom.''   General Burton has lived by these words over his long and dedicated  career. Every day he keeps a note tucked in the band of his hat. That  note contains the list of the soldiers who were killed in combat or  during 9/11 under his command. He has led by example, never asking of  his soldiers something that he himself has not done. He has led in  order to serve, striving always to protect the welfare of his command,  of our country, of the U.S. Constitution, and of the freedoms it  protects.   So it is only fitting that we honor him today. On behalf of our  Nation and all Utahns, I thank MG Jeff Burton for the sacrifices he and  his family have made to secure the freedoms we hold dear. I  congratulate him on this occasion and wish him many happy years ahead  with his wife, Charn, and their children.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I now wish to speak briefly regarding a  tragedy that occurred just in the last 48 hours--a tragedy that  occurred in the northern Mexican state of Sonora, a tragedy in which a  handful of U.S. citizens--the precise number of victims still not  known--but a number of U.S. citizens were murdered in cold blood. This  attack was inflicted in a most gruesome manner and was carried out  against a group which included men, women, and children.   My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the  victims. My thoughts and prayers are also extended to the  administration of President Lopez Obrador in Mexico, whose inauguration  I attended just a few months ago.   This is a sobering task to have to identify the source of such a  heinous and barbaric crime. I have every expectation, every hope, and  every confidence in those who are assigned on both sides of the border  to investigate this crime, figure out who did it, and to bring those  responsible to justice.   Mexico is a good neighbor to us. We have about $1.6 billion or $1.7  billion every single day that crosses over our shared southern border.  Mexico has been a good neighbor, a solid trade partner, and a country  with which we share many interests. It is a country that desperately  needs our prayers right now and our help and assistance.   It has been publicly reported that President Trump and his  administration are eager to help President Lopez Obrador in combating  and detecting whoever was responsible for this heinous crime and  bringing them to justice. I hope and implore the Lopez Obrador  administration to accept President Trump's generous offer to help.   This is not an easy task. If, in fact, this was an act, as it appears  quite possible to have been, of a Mexican-based drug cartel, this is a  big problem. It is a big problem either way. These drug cartels are no  small threat to the safety and security of not only the people of  Mexico but also the people of the United States.   Think about it. Imagine someone sees in their next-door neighbor's  backyard a poisonous snake--a poisonous snake that is big and that is  headed toward his property. Is that neighbor going to stop and ignore  that snake? In many circumstances, that neighbor is going to take  action. He might not wait until his neighbor comes home to give the go- ahead to take care of that snake. Why? Because that snake is headed  toward his own backyard where his own children are playing.   This is not something we can trifle with. This is a matter of utmost  seriousness for the safety and security of the Mexican people and also  the people of the United States.  [[Page S6383]]    I applaud the Lopez Obrador administration for its efforts to root  out corruption and to bring justice to the drug cartels. This brazen  attack within the last 48 hours signals a need to do more. This is why  I am so grateful to President Trump that he was willing to reach out  and offer the assistance that can be provided by the United States. I  urge President Lopez Obrador to accept it and to do so very soon.   