 Madam President, recently, I joined the Senate delegation  to visit the southern border and view firsthand the migration and  humanitarian crisis facing the United States.   We visited the Donna Holding Facility, the Catholic Charities Respite  Center, the McAllen Border Patrol Station, and the Ursula Centralized  Processing Center. Earlier this week, I held a roundtable discussion on  my trip at the Sacred Heart of Jesus Church in Highlandtown. The group  was organized by the Latino Providers Network in Baltimore, which  included representatives from the Lutheran Immigration and Refugee  Service, Catholic Relief Services, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, and  other nonprofits in the community that do work in Baltimore and at our  border.   I was impressed by the Catholic Charities Respite Center run by  Sister Norma Pimentel. The center provides a warm meal, a shower, a  change into clean clothes, medicine, and other desperately needed  supplies. These migrants are very lucky to make it there.   What I saw in McAllen, by contrast, was very disturbing. I saw many  families huddled together in overcrowded conditions. I saw children  behind fencing and, basically, in cages. Some children wore clothing  that was soiled and had not been changed since they arrived in the  United States. Children and families were supposed to be there in  temporary holding only for a day or two, but we heard stories that  families are being held for up to 10 to 14 days and, in some cases,  even longer.   Why are migrants leaving their homes in the first place? These  individuals are desperate. They are desperate because they are fleeing  violence and persecution in their home countries. These families are  often given a terrible choice to have their young son or daughter join  a criminal gang or suffer the consequences as a family. That means  being attacked, kidnapped, and even murdered. Even though it is a  dangerous journey, these families feel they have no choice.   Let me remind my colleagues that these individuals are lawfully  seeking asylum at our border and should not be treated as criminals. We  need to respect their human rights, their rights under international  law, and their rights under U.S. law.   These migrants are not trying to do harm to the United States.  Indeed, government officials told us that the vast majority of those  screened present no safety risk, such as being on a watch list for  terrorist or criminal behavior, and that most migrants have not tried  previously to enter the country illegally.   I am gravely concerned about the new metering system used by Customs  and Border Protection for those seeking asylum and refuge in our  country as part of the expansion of the Remain in Mexico program.  Normally, a migrant would present themselves to a Customs or Border  Patrol agent at the point of entry and ask to seek asylum. But under  the Trump administration's new metering policy, Border Patrol agents  will stop migrants at the border, oftentimes halfway across the bridge  as they approach a legal border point of entry. Border Patrol will then  give the migrant a number, and they will have to then wait for their  number to be called before they can formally present themselves for  admission at a legal point of entry.   How long is the wait for your number to be called? In some cases, it  is weeks or even months. In the meantime, migrants are told to wait in  a border town and tent city set up on the other side of the border. One  of most dangerous towns in all of Mexico is Reynosa, just across the  border from McAllen Border Patrol Station. Migrants staying in these  tent cities are subjected to violence, extortion, human trafficking,  and even death at the hands of gangs that operate with impunity in the  city, which are effectively not controlled by Mexican law enforcement  authorities. In fact, the town is so dangerous that U.S. law  enforcement personnel are forbidden by our government from visiting  there or trying to meet with migrants on the Mexican side of the  border. This is outrageous, and America can do better to live up to our  values.   Migrants who are desperately fleeing violence and prosecution at home  come to the United States in search of safety for themselves and their  families. Now they are told they must wait indefinitely on the Mexican  side of the border in, essentially, a lawless town where they are at  the mercy of criminals, gangs, and traffickers who prey on the most  vulnerable.   What happens next? Many of these migrants decide they have no choice  but to cross the border illegally so that they can escape the camps in  Reynosa. When migrants try to cross the border illegally, they face new  dangers of dehydration, drowning, and even death.   Under the Trump administration, the United States is undermining our  asylum policy and America's leadership in the world in welcoming  refugees and those fleeing violence and persecution in their home  countries. Indeed, the Trump administration is deliberately trying to  hurt migration and legitimate asylum seekers and refugees by making it  more difficult to seek asylum and deter refugees from coming to the  United States in the first place. Proposed asylum law changes, such as  expansion of the Remain in Mexico and metering policies, will make it  more difficult for asylum seekers to apply if they have traveled  through multiple countries as they make their way to the United States.   I believe asylum law should be changed to make it easier for migrants  to apply in their home country, if safe, and expeditiously get an  asylum determination from the U.S. Embassy so that they do not have to  make the dangerous journey to the United States and try to cross our  border with the uncertainty of what awaits them once they reach the  U.S. border.   I am concerned, as well, that migrants who do not ultimately make it  through the process of applying for asylum may not receive proper  notice of their hearings before an asylum judge to make their case.  These are people who are released in our country but have to show up  for a hearing. The notices may be given out in English, which many  migrants cannot read. The address may be incorrect or outdated in terms  of where the migrant is heading in the United States to await their  [[Page S5164]]  asylum hearing before the judge. In other words, the information may be  inaccurate, and they never get the notices to appear. They are  therefore out of status and never had a chance to make their case.    NGOs in Texas made a strong case to our delegation to reinstate the  Family Case Management Program, which the Trump administration has  canceled. They explained that if ICE reinstated this program, we could  see 99 percent compliance with immigration court orders without the  need for expanded detention and overcrowding. This compliance rate is  backed up by the track record and statistics of the Department of  Homeland Security itself when the program was in use. This program is a  promising alternative to detention that should be expanded instead of  canceled by the Trump administration.   Let me say a word about the Border Patrol agents themselves. They are  trying to do their jobs under difficult circumstances. The main problem  is the Trump administration's asylum policies, not the Border Patrol  agents. I hope that the recent emergency supplemental appropriations  measure passed by Congress and signed by the President will help in  terms of providing better and more humane care to children in Health  and Human Services Department custody, under the auspices of the Office  of Refugee Resettlement. The measure seeks to improve conditions for  migrants in the Department of Homeland Security's custody by addressing  the dangerous overcrowding found by the Department of Homeland  Security's inspector general. The bill improves due process for  migrants and seeks to ease the immigration court backlog by hiring new  immigration judges to hear cases and giving migrants greater access to  the legal orientation program.   What should Congress do to address the immediate needs of migrants,  particularly the children, as well as addressing the root cause of this  humanitarian crisis? I am a cosponsor of the Stop Cruelty to Migrant  Children Act. This bill would provide guardrails and minimum standards  for the treatment of children and families, ensuring that government  funds are not used to traumatize or harm asylum seekers. It would do so  by dramatically reducing family separations, setting health and safety  standards, ending the operation of refugee shelters by for-profit  contractors, making it easier to place children with sponsors, and  ensuring that unaccompanied children have access to legal counsel.   In terms of root causes, I have joined with my colleagues in  introducing the Central America Reform and Enforcement Act designed to  address the endemic violence and humanitarian crises that are driving  immigration from Central America and also to smooth the path of those  seeking asylum in this country. This bill would condition assistance to  the Northern Triangle governments in order to address the root causes  of the violence and instability that are driving migration and crack  down on smugglers, cartels, and traffickers exploiting children and  families.   This legislation also enhances monitoring of unaccompanied children  after they are processed at the border, provides a fair legal process  for asylum seekers, and improves immigration court efficiencies. Those  are some of the things we can do.   In particular, this legislation would reverse the ill-advised foreign  aid cuts made by the Trump administration that are worsening the  migration crisis in the Northern Triangle, which includes Honduras, El  Salvador, and Guatemala.   I am concerned, however, that the President sees immigration and  immigrants as a good political issue for the 2020 election. Congress  needs a partner to take up and pass comprehensive immigration reform,  which I believe could pass comfortably in both Houses if the President  of the United States would join us in a constructive manner for  comprehensive immigration reform.   This administration has shown just the reverse. The administration  has proposed a Muslim ban, canceled temporary protected status,  canceled the DACA--Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival--Program for  Dreamers, tried to institute an asylum ban, lowered and now seeks to  eliminate refugee admissions, increased domestic immigration  enforcement for nonviolent offenders, and sought to expand the program  of expedited removal of residents in the United States without due  process or a court hearing.   In many of these cases, the Trump administration's decisions have  been subjected to successful legal challenges in court, and,  thankfully, our independent judiciary has largely continued to uphold  the rule of law and serves as an important check and balance against  the worst excesses of the Trump administration as it disregards our  laws and the Constitution.   I therefore urge the President to reverse course and work with  Congress on comprehensive immigration reform, which must include  sensible border security. Yes, we do need border security. In these  times, when we have international terrorism and international drug  trafficking, we need to know who is coming into our country. We have to  have an orderly way to process those who want to work or live or go to  school in the United States. But it must include an asylum policy for  families who are at risk in their native country.   Let us build on the proud history of America and welcome those who  seek refuge from persecution and want to help build a better America.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, first, I thank Senator Van Hollen, my  seatmate and friend representing the State of Maryland in the U.S.  Senate. His comments reflect the views, I hope, of the overwhelmingly  majority of Americans. It is critically important that we speak out as  to what the President has said.   I have lived my entire life in Baltimore. I love Baltimore. It is a  great city. As Senator Van Hollen has said, it has an incredible  history. It is a vibrant city. There are so many good things happening  there. It has a great future, and it needs our help from the point of  view of any major urban center in America.   On weekends, my wife and I will frequently walk areas of Baltimore  City in order to get some exercise, to clear our heads from the  workweek, and to see what is happening in Baltimore. I must tell you  that it is so energizing to see the building cranes in downtown  Baltimore building new housing for our young people coming into our  city because they know the economic future of Baltimore. They are there  because they want to live in an exciting place in Baltimore City.   We see the optimism on their faces as they are doing their exercise  in the morning and walking the streets of Baltimore. We see a great  city that is continuing to rebuild in a modern economy. So when the  President of the United States insults the city of Baltimore and  Congressman Cummings, it is incumbent on all of us to speak out and  tell the President: This is unacceptable.   We know the Office of the President is frequently referred to as a  bully pulpit that he can use, but the President of the United States  cannot be a bully. Yet that is exactly what he is doing, trying to  bully minorities and others in this country. It will not work.   The bully is not Elijah Cummings, as President Trump called him. The  bully is President Trump. The person who is dividing our country is  President Trump, and he should be the one bringing us together.   Why does he do this? I don't think any of us believe that he isn't  doing it for political reasons. He wants to distract from what is  happening in this country. In the Congress of the United States,  Congressman Cummings is leading a committee that has the responsibility  of checks and balances of our system to act as a check on the President  of the United States.   Does anybody in this Chamber believe there shouldn't be a check and  balance in our system on this President? Look at how he has used his  Executive powers and abused his Executive powers and the emergency  declarations that he has used.   The Mueller report spells out how the President tried to interfere in  the investigation. The way he talks about our judiciary, saying that he  is not going to follow the orders of our court, and the way he trashes  our free press--all of that cries out for an aggressive check and  balance on the independent first branch of government, and that is what  Elijah Cummings is doing.   So why is the President using these personal attacks against Elijah  Cummings and the city he represents, Baltimore? To try to distract from  the legitimate role Congress plays as a check and balance on the powers  of President Trump.   It won't work. I can assure you that Congressman Cummings is going to  continue to do his work. His committee is going to continue to do its  work. I am going to continue to do my work as a U.S. Senator, and  Senator Van Hollen is going to continue to do what is right to make  sure we carry out our constitutional responsibilities.   He also does this, quite frankly, for a political appeal against  minority communities. That is inexcusable for any American, but for the  President of the United States, it is totally outrageous.   As Senator Van Hollen said, we don't have to defend Elijah Cummings.  He can defend himself.   I have known Elijah Cummings now for about 40 years. When I was  speaker of the house of delegates in Annapolis, there was a young, new  legislator who came upon the scene--Elijah Cummings. I recognized from  the beginning that he was going to be a great leader, and he showed  that in his very early years. He rose to become speaker pro tempore of  our house of delegates, and he was a leading voice as a member of the  house of delegates.   You see, we had something in common. Both Elijah Cummings and I  graduated from the same public high school in Baltimore City, Baltimore  City College. By the way, so did Dutch Ruppersberger and three members  of Congress--from the same public high school in Baltimore City. We  both attended the same law school, the University of Maryland School of  Law.   So I recognized from the beginning that there was a lot in common,  and I wanted to help this young legislator. He then, of course, ran for  Congress. He was elected to Congress, and he has done an incredible  job. He is a gifted orator. He motivates people by his speech. He is a  mentor for young people, and he has helped so many young people with  their lives.   He lives in Baltimore City in a neighborhood where he is an  inspiration to people who otherwise would not have much hope. He has  used his own life experiences to lift the lives of others, and, yes, I  can tell you the record of so many accomplishments that he has.   Just this past week, along with Senator Van Hollen, we announced a  $125 million grant for the Howard Street tunnel for which Congressman  Cummings played a critical role in getting those funds. That is going  to mean thousands of jobs for Baltimore and economic opportunity for  our region. That is just one example.   In the revitalization of Penn Station, Amtrak is going to invest $90  million in revitalizing that part of Baltimore. Elijah Cummings was  instrumental in getting that done.   In the Ellicott City flood--two floods within a 20-month period--it  was part of his congressional district. President Trump doesn't quite  understand how Congressman Cummings' district is redistricted, but he  represents Ellicott City. He was on the scene immediately and helped  bring in all of the Federal partners so that Ellicott City could beat  the odds.  [[Page S5170]]    When you have a major flood like that, most businesses don't return.  In Ellicott City, they returned. Why? Because of the Federal  partnership in which Elijah Cummings played a critical role, as well as  other members of our congressional delegation.   Affordable housing--Congressman Cummings has brought affordable  housing to Baltimore.   Public safety--after Freddie Gray, I will never forget the scene I  was watching on the television screen. We saw the riots and the  disruption that started in Baltimore. There was Elijah Cummings on the  streets, calming things down and saving lives. That is what he was  doing to represent his community. That is the type of legislator he is.   He has provided support for public safety in Baltimore, for public  education in Baltimore, and for STEM education in Baltimore City public  schools.   So, President Trump, when you say this guy hasn't done his work to  represent the people in the Seventh Congressional District, you are  absolutely wrong. Come to Baltimore. Let us show you exactly what we  have been able to accomplish and how you can help us, but don't defame  our city. You are the President of the United States. Act as President.  Bring us together. Recognize that you are responsible for this entire  country, and help us with the reputation of Baltimore.   Again, I don't have to defend my city. My city is well known. It is  one of the great cities in America, but I am going to do it anyway  because I want my colleagues to understand how proud we are of our  city, those of us who represent the State of Maryland and represent  Baltimore City.   There is the Nation's first Washington Monument, the National  Aquarium, Oriole Park, M&T Bank, Fort McHenry. Talk about Enoch Pratt  library, one of the great libraries in America that gave free libraries  to the people of our city. There is Eubie Blake National Jazz Institute  and Cultural Center.   I could go through all the museums we have in Baltimore: the American  Visionary Art Museum; the Baltimore Museum of Art; the Baltimore Museum  of Industry; Walters Art Gallery; the Jewish Museum of Maryland; Babe  Ruth's birthplace--born in Baltimore; the Reginald F. Lewis Museum; and  the B&O Railroad Museum. How many of us have been there? The great  history of the railroads in Baltimore started there. There is the  Maryland Science Center.   There are great sports icons that have come out of Baltimore--from  Johnny Unitas to Frank Robinson, to Brooks Robinson, Cal Ripken, and  Ray Lewis.   We have great healthcare institutions--Johns Hopkins. I just got an  email as I was sitting on the floor. I know the rules of the Senate  prohibit me from looking at my electronic device, but U.S. News & World  Report today ranked the Johns Hopkins department of neurology No. 1 in  the Nation. It is located in Baltimore City, MD.   We can go over the other great institutions we have, such as the  University of Maryland Medical Center, the Kennedy Krieger Institute,  and the Lieber Institute for Brain Development.   We have great colleges, from Morgan State University to the  University of Maryland School of Law, to Loyola University, Johns  Hopkins University, Baltimore Coppin State, Notre Dame of Maryland  University.   The list goes on and on: farmers markets and public markets; trend- setting writers from John Waters to David Simon, Tom Clancy, and Barry  Levinson; the unique neighborhoods from ``Lil' Itlee'' to Pigtown.   Baltimore is well known. The Taste of Baltimore--how many of you know  that the only place you can get a really legitimate crab cake is in  Baltimore City? We all know that. And there are Old Bay Seasoning,  Berger Cookies, and Goetze's Candies.   There is the Port of Baltimore, the economic heart of our State;  Domino Sugar; and Under Armour, which is investing hundreds of millions  of dollars into Baltimore City because they know the future.   There are the NGOs that are centered in Baltimore--the Annie E. Casey  Foundation, Abell Foundation, Center for Urban Families, Catholic  Relief Services, and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services.   I do this in hopes that the President might be listening so that he  can learn a little bit about why we are so proud of Baltimore City.  What we do ask is very simple. To the President: Come and learn about  our urban centers and how you can help us in meeting the problems that  we have in Baltimore and many urban cities around the Nation. We need a  Federal partner who will help us with our economic growth and help us  meet the challenges of the future.   It is exciting to live in Baltimore, and it is exciting to see our  city grow. I am proud to be a Baltimorean, and I am proud to represent  Baltimore in the U.S. Senate.   I yield the floor.   