 Mr. President, last week, Democrats and Republicans on the  Senate Appropriations Committee came together and we approved by a vote  of 30 to 1 an emergency supplemental to address the most urgent  humanitarian needs at our southern border. Some would say that the way  the Senate has been led lately, you couldn't get a 30-to-1 vote to say  the Sun rises in the east.   The bill reflects weeks of good-faith negotiations between  Republicans and Democrats to forge a bipartisan agreement to mitigate  what has been an escalating humanitarian crisis--one where infants and  toddlers are sleeping on cold cement floors in wire cages and under  bridges. Inaction is simply not an option for those who care about  alleviating the suffering of desperate children and families seeking  refuge in the United States.   Action in the Senate requires compromise. That is the reality in a  body where 60 votes are required to move a bill forward. No one,  Republican or Democrat, is going to get everything they want--including  me, and I am the vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee--but  that is the nature of compromise. One thing I am not willing to  compromise on is our American values, and this bill reflects that.   The Senate supplemental protects unaccompanied children, some of our  most vulnerable migrants, by securing funds for their safety and their  well-being in HHS custody. It includes $109 million to ensure the  safety and well-being of those children through post-release wraparound  services, legal services, and case management to get children out of  cages and put them in loving homes. It puts restrictions on the use of  influx facilities. It establishes standards of care to ensure that  children are kept in safe, sanitary facilities where they are properly  cared for--not cages.   Our bill will mitigate inhumane conditions faced by migrant families  in DHS custody by providing funds to improve conditions in grossly  overcrowded facilities and buy food, clothing, and medical services for  the people in our care. It provides money to ensure that we have  diapers, formula, baby wipes, and other essential supplies for infants  and toddlers.   Like the rest of the country, I read in horror the reports from a  border facility in Clint, TX, where the children were unbathed, where  sickness was spreading, and where infants were being cared for by other  young children in custody barely old enough to care for themselves. No  child, no matter where they are from, deserves to live in such  conditions.   Our bill improves due process for migrants by expanding access to  legal services and our immigration courts. It provides grants to  nonprofit organizations and local jurisdictions that provide critical  services in shelters to migrants released from DHS custody. Bolstering  border security and treating migrants with humanity are not mutually  exclusive goals. Indeed, accomplishing both together is the American  way. We are America. We can do two things at once.   Apparently, President Trump never got the memo about our American  values. Since the day he took office, he has demonized and vilified  immigrants, asylum seekers, and refugees at every opportunity. Through  false and inflammatory tweets and cruel policies, he has worked to  instill widespread fear among immigrant communities, targeting asylum  seekers as if they were hardened violent criminals.   In just this past week, he threatened widespread arrests of thousands  of immigrant families, seemingly without concern for the many families  that would be torn apart and the separated children who happen to be  American citizens who would be left behind. Now he has backed away from  that threat temporarily, but he has promised to revisit it.   Just last week, the Trump administration went to Federal court to  argue that it should not be required to give detained migrant children  toothbrushes and toothpaste, soap, towels, showers, or proper sleeping  conditions when in U.S. custody--that such amenities are not part of  the definition of ``safe and sanitary'' conditions.   What would we say if another country were holding Americans like  that?   It has become painfully obvious: President Trump views immigrant  families, asylum seekers, and refugees not as human beings but as  political ammunition intended solely to rile his base. When asked about  the horrendous conditions at DHS and ORR facilities  [[Page S4539]]  and the separation of families, he said it is not true and he repeated  his threat of mass deportations--even though many of us here in the  Congress in both parties have seen it. He is either willfully ignorant  about what has been widely documented or he has no qualms about lying  about it.   Not a single one of the President's anti-immigrant, fearmongering  tactics would address the very real humanitarian crisis overwhelming  our southern border. This is exactly why the bipartisan Senate  supplemental does not provide a single dollar for President Trump's  request for hundreds of millions in additional dollars for the  incarceration of immigrants in ICE facilities.   It is why we did not provide any of his requested funds to pursue  misguided policies like ``Remain in Mexico,'' which law enforcement  officials have stated actually encourages, not discourages, illegal  crossings. It is why, in a bipartisan way, we included a strict  prohibition on the transfer of supplemental funds for any purposes  other than addressing the humanitarian crisis at the border. And  finally, it is why we refused to include any of the deeply harmful,  unprecedented changes to our immigration and asylum laws that the  President has advocated for.   I am under no illusion that this supplemental bill will address all  of the problems with our immigration system--far from it. It is a  temporary solution to address some of the most urgent issues. We need  to have a broader debate about comprehensively addressing those  problems, just as we did years ago.   Years ago, a bipartisan group of Senators put forward a thoughtful,  bipartisan immigration bill. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, I held three hearings on the bill. We had five days of  markups. We considered 212 amendments, 141 of which were adopted,  including nearly 50 from Republicans. And then 68 Senators supported  the legislation on the floor.   Unfortunately, the Republican Speaker of the House would not bring up  the bill, even though it would have passed overwhelmingly, because he  thought it might violate the Dennis Hastert rule. I think, if we were  to have that same process here again today, I would bet we would also  have 68 Senators--Republicans and Democrats--vote for it.   Yet this is a conversation and a debate we will have to have on  another day. I will be happy to work with those Republican and  Democratic Senators who worked together to get an immigration bill  before, but we are not going to do it in the context of an emergency  supplemental, which is meant to address the most urgent humanitarian  needs at the border. It is why Senator Shelby and I and others-- Republicans and Democrats--have worked for weeks, quietly behind the  scenes, in order to put this together and get our 31 votes. It is  because we know we have to first act to provide safe, humane care for  the migrant children and families who seek mercy and safety.    It was yesterday that the House passed its own version of an  emergency supplemental for the southern border. It is also a very good  bill, and it goes further in offering protections to immigrants in our  care than we are able to do in this Chamber, because there have been  objections from the Republican side of the aisle. It provides important  additional protections for children who are under the care of the  Office of Refugee Resettlement and for those being held at CBP  processing facilities, and I support that. We should be taking care of  the children in our custody as if they were our own. Taking care of  children is not a partisan issue. We should all agree on that.   I am also pleased that the House bill includes a provision to protect  the funding that Republicans and Democrats have already appropriated to  address the causes of migration in Central America. I am upset the  President has threatened to take that money and reprogram it elsewhere.   We were not able to reach agreement on that issue in the Senate, but  in a few moments, we will have an opportunity to vote on the House  bill. I hope Members on both sides of the aisle will be able to support  it.   Neither the House nor the Senate bill has any funding for additional  ICE detention beds. This is no mistake. The President's predisposition  to turn to mass detention above all else is cruel, irresponsible, and  also a horrible waste of taxpayers' money. There are alternatives to  detention that exist that are safe and less expensive.   The administration needs to use the resources it has for ICE  detention services to house those people who truly present a danger to  our communities and not lock up every man, woman, and child simply for  being here. Lock up those who really do present a danger. Most 5-year- old children do not. It makes no sense to lump them all in together. We  carefully negotiated ICE's bed levels in the fiscal year 2019 Homeland  Security Appropriations bill just a few months ago, which was passed by  both Republicans and Democrats, and there is no reason to revisit it  now.   We have heard that the administration plans to set up a request to  fund more ICE detention beds through reprogramming the money that we  need. I urge my Republican colleagues to join me in opposing any such  request. The administration should not do administratively what both  Republicans and Democrats have rejected.   Unfortunately, this is a pattern with this administration. It just  wants to ignore bipartisan majorities in the House and Senate. It  ignores the will of Congress. It uses loopholes and ignores traditional  norms in the appropriations process. It uses suspect readings of the  law to accomplish its agenda. When Congress rejected the  administration's request, it acted as though it was above the law,  above the Constitution. Nobody is above the law in this country. None  of us in the Senate are, and neither is the President of the United  States.   Let's not forget the President's declaration of a national emergency  to fund his wall when Congress debated it and refused to provide him  the money he had requested. We have to stand up for ourselves as an  institution. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  join me--not as Democrats or Republicans but as U.S. Senators--in  saying no to this President when he blatantly ignores the will of the  Congress.   I thank Chairman Shelby for working with me on this bipartisan  humanitarian assistance bill.   We need to work quickly to resolve the differences between the House  and the Senate bills so we can get a bill to the President's desk. I  hope President Trump will have the good sense to sign the supplemental  bill into law. Then let's turn to the much needed debate on  comprehensive immigration reform. We showed we could do it when I was  the chairman of the Judiciary. We showed we could get a 2-to-1 vote in  this body. Let's do it again.   Of course, I urge Members to oppose the Paul amendment.   Four months ago, Republicans and Democrats came together and  appropriated funds in the State and Foreign Operations Act that would  help counter terrorism and human trafficking, promote democracy, combat  poverty, provide humanitarian aid, and support global health programs.  A bipartisan majority of Congress supported this funding and the  President signed it into law. The Paul amendment proposes to rescind  $4.6 billion, clawing back programs with a wide range of consequences.   Counterterrorism programs would be cut. These funds support programs  that target vulnerable youth to prevent radicalization. These programs  provide governments with the tools to counter the influence of violent  extremist organizations, including by countering terrorism financing.   Programs to combat human trafficking would be cut by the Paul  amendment. These programs support nongovernmental organizations that  promote stronger government policies and programs to combat human  slavery and trafficking. They help hold perpetrators accountable and  support governments that are combatting human trafficking, and they  help to protect victims of trafficking.   Programs that strengthen civil society, independent media, and  promote democracy in Venezuela, Iran, Cuba, Hungary, Egypt, and many  other countries would be cut. These funds support efforts to hold  governments accountable for repression, promote freedom of expression  and religious freedom, and provide services to victims of persecution.  [[Page S4540]]    The Paul amendment would claw back humanitarian aid. There are more  people forcibly displaced in the world today than at any time since  World War II. It is a global humanitarian crisis that is contributing  to instability and insecurity, including in our own hemisphere. The  amendment would rescind funding for U.S. refugee aid and aid to victims  of famine, earthquakes, and other natural disasters.   And funding for PEPFAR, programs to combat malaria and TB, and other  global health programs would be cut by the Paul Amendment. This  includes programs to respond to deadly pandemics like Ebola.   There are countless other examples, since the Paul amendment uses a  meat cleaver approach to demolish most of our international development  and humanitarian programs that reduce poverty, respond to crises, build  free markets, and strengthen democratic institutions.   Why are there unobligated balances in these programs? These funds  were appropriated only 4 months ago and are available for obligation  through the next fiscal year for multiyear projects. That is how  foreign assistance works.   In the last two foreign aid appropriations laws, Senator Graham and I  included targeted rescissions of funds that could no longer be spent  effectively, or that were about to expire. That is the responsible  approach, and one that preserves the integrity of the appropriations  process. That is not the approach in this amendment.   I urge members to vote no on this amendment and pass the bipartisan  bill reported by the committee 30 to 1 so that we can sit down with the  House tonight to work out the differences with the House bill.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that David  Rubenstein, an intern with the Appropriations Committee, be granted  floor privileges for the length of the current debate on H.R. 3401, the  Emergency Supplemental Appropriations for Humanitarian Assistance and  Security at the Southern Border Act, 2019.   