 Mr. Speaker, I rise also in strong support of H.R. 925,  the North American Wetlands Conservation Extension Act. And I would  also like to thank Mr. Thompson for his extraordinary leadership on  this legislation and for his service on the Migratory Bird Conservation  Commission.   As he spoke about, he has a passion to make sure that we are  preserving that habitat we all value and the wildlife that lives  there--not just the migratory birds, but all of the other life that it  supports. It is critically important that we continue this program. It  is one of the truly successful stories in conservation in our Nation,  and, again, I want to thank Mr. Thompson for his leadership.   This bill works to reduce wetlands disappearance and to conserve  migratory bird habitat. The good part about it is that we, in setting  aside this land now, predominantly use conservation easements as a  mechanism to do that.   I understand the chairman's concern about more acres of land in the  Federal inventory and the dollars that it takes to maintain that land.  We absolutely have to address that. But the good news here is that many  of these acres are in conservation easements, which means they stay in  private ownership. They just have an easement from the Federal  Government to maintain that critical habitat.   That really is the best of both worlds as well as leveraging private  dollars with this. What a great example of how to leverage public  dollars with private dollars.   Several years ago, the duck hunters, en masse, came and said: Listen,  we want to increase the duck stamp fee so that we can make sure we have  the necessary dollars to match the Federal dollars that go into this  program. It was extraordinarily successful.   People who enjoy the resources, from bird watchers to hunters and  others, have said: We want to put more of our dollars into it. And,  again, we are using their tax dollars to leverage those private dollars  for this critical habitat.   Our wetlands across the United States are Mother Nature's filter for  the water that comes off the land and also Mother Nature's nurseries  for all that critical wildlife that lives there, both fish, and birds,  and other critters that are critical to these environments. They are  disappearing at an alarming rate. This bill helps us stem the loss of  those wetlands.   As I have said, the leveraging of private resources is critical. I  think Congress should be doing more to identify these types of Federal  programs like NAWCA that have proven to be successful. NAWCA matches  funding that then contributes to conservation success in our  communities. Let's do more of that.   Protecting and restoring and managing wetland habitats is critically  important. I would argue, of all of the habitats out there, this  habitat, on the scale of value, has the most value across, not just the  United States, but across the planet. We have to do more to make sure  we are preserving that.   It is critical that we invest efficiently to conserve these areas.  Investing efficiently means leveraging that one public dollar to three  private dollars, and we want to make sure that we are preserving these  areas for use for future generations.   Unfortunately, wetlands continue to disappear at an alarming rate.  This helps stem the disappearance of those wetlands.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation.   