 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Waters), the chairwoman, for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1815, which would simply require  the SEC to conduct investor testing when developing rules and  regulations about disclosures to retail investors.   Creating effective disclosures is often a difficult task and requires  developmental testing with consumers. It is a complex and technical  task in its nature. These disclosures are meant to be clear and concise  so that retail investors understand the scope of their relationships  with brokers and investment advisers and important decisions regarding  their investments.   The SEC has had evidence since at least 2012, when it conducted a  financial literacy study, that many of the disclosure documents that we  currently rely on are not well understood by those investors. This  includes cost disclosures that don't clearly convey costs, risk  disclosures that don't clearly convey risks, and conflict disclosures  that do not clearly convey the nature and the impact of these  conflicts.   Effective disclosure testing is imperative for facilitating informed  decisionmaking on the part of consumers who are trying to save and  invest their hard-earned money, and that is why the AARP and many other  groups have endorsed H.R. 1815.   By requiring qualitative testing in the form of one-on-one cognitive  interviews of investors, it provides a deeper look into how typical  retail investors synthesize information. If investors understand key  differences in firms' conflicts, obligations, and revenue streams, then  more retail investors will receive and interpret correctly the  professional guidance that is right for them.  [[Page H8212]]    The framework laid out here will increase transparency and access to  critical and understandable information, as well as facilitate informed  decisionmaking for Americans making investment decisions and saving for  their retirement. This should be accomplished without delay.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on H.R. 1815.   