 Madam Speaker, this is not about Ukraine. It is about  power. Donald Trump has it, and House Democrats want it.   With no crime, no victim, no evidence, no proof, no agenda for  America, this impeachment charade marches on, following no rules and  adhering to no sense of honor.   The American people aren't fooled by dirty tricks. Voters will never  forget that Democrats have been triggered into impeaching the President  because they don't like him and they don't like us.   Those who vote ``yes'' on today's Articles of Impeachment must carry  the heavy burden of shame and guilt for as long as they serve in  Congress, which won't be long because the American people will remember  in November.   Democrats would rather trip the President just to see him stumble  than see America succeed. They would rather impeach the President than  work together for the common good of our country and our citizens.   Democrats may have won the House in 2018, but they haven't forgiven  Donald Trump for having the audacity to win the Presidency.   And they haven't forgiven you, the American people, for voting for  him.   The day before she was sworn in to Congress, one Member of the body  said she promised to impeach the mothereffer.   She is not alone. Trump's impeachment was plotted and planned before  the ink was even dry on his election certificate and, possibly, before  some Democrats could even point to Ukraine on a map.   In seeking the chairmanship of the Committee on the Judiciary, the  gentleman from New York said that he was the strongest Member to lead a  potential impeachment.   Democrats may not have known why they were going to impeach the  President, but they knew it was an inevitability, facts be damned.   This impeachment is a slap in the face to the millions of Americans  who voted for President Trump. The same Americans who Democrats in  Washington have mocked as smelly Walmart shoppers and ``deplorables.''   Madam Speaker, this impeachment isn't legitimate. It is the radical  left's insurance policy. But we have an insurance policy, too. It is  the next election, and we intend to win it.   