 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Doyle for yielding 5  minutes to me.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here today to speak in support of my  bill, the Broadband Deployment Accuracy and Technological Availability  Act, or the Broadband DATA Act, which I introduced with my colleagues  Representatives Latta, McEachin, and Long.   I have spent my time at the Committee on Energy and Commerce  advocating for the people of Iowa's Second District and for all rural  Americans. I have had good partners on this committee. Congressman  Latta and I have worked together on numerous issues, not just this one,  and I appreciate the time and energy that Chairman Pallone and Chairman  Doyle have spent on ensuring the issues important to Iowans get  attention and because they understand that in 2019 it is simply  unacceptable that many families and small businesses, farmers,  educators, and healthcare providers in rural areas don't have the  necessary access to high-speed internet.    I have often said that there are two things needed to connect rural  America to high-speed broadband, and that is dollars and data. Without  reliable data, the dollars don't matter. As I have often said: garbage  in is garbage out. You have to have good data to know where the  problems exist, otherwise--maybe even more importantly--it is a waste  of taxpayer dollars as well.   When this bill becomes law, we will finally begin to fix the bad  broadband maps that for too long have often misstated speed and  availability throughout these rural areas in America. In order to  actually fix the problem and get high-speed broadband in rural areas,  we absolutely must have the best data available. It really is that  simple. Without knowing where the high-speed broadband problems truly  exist, we cannot properly invest in building out that access.   That is why I am proud that the Broadband DATA Act will, first,  require the FCC to collect granular service availability data from  wired, fixed wireless, and satellite broadband providers; second, it  will require strong parameters for service availability data that we  collect from mobile broadband providers to ensure accuracy; and, third,  it will create a challenge process. This is very important for  consumers; State, local, and Tribal governments and other groups to  challenge FCC maps with their own data.   It requires the FCC to determine how to structure the process without  making it overly burdensome on these challenges.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Chairmen Pallone and Doyle and  Ranking Members Walden and Latta and all of the staff, in particular my  staff over here, Scott. I urge all of my colleagues in this body to  support this bill so that we can finally fix the maps and build  broadband out to rural America.   I have only been on the committee a short time relative to some  others, and they have been talking about this for years. I thank  Chairman Doyle and Representatives Latta and Walden for all the great  work they provided on this.   