 Mr. President, I appreciate the fact that the majority  leader has put before the Senate an important piece of legislation that  reemphasizes our support for our allies in the Middle East, a very  dangerous neighborhood that has a tendency to have others drawn into  the neighborhood and into the fight. This legislation is comprised of  four bills that have enjoyed bipartisan support, but we weren't able to  [[Page S757]]  get them done before the deadline at the end of the 115th Congress.   Each of these four bills speaks directly to our national security  interests in the Middle East and the support for our allies,  particularly allies like Jordan and Israel. Every day, the State of  Israel faces attacks from adversaries in the region, ranging from  rocket and missile attacks to various explosives and foot soldiers-- namely, Hezbollah, the Iranian-financed and trained effort to try to  exterminate the Jewish State.   Israel is also enduring a different type of warfare, this time an  economic war known as Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions or the BDS  movement. This campaign began in 2005 with more than 170 Palestinian  nongovernmental organizations lobbying foreign governments,  corporations, and academic institutions to sever all their ties with  Israel. In the years since, this movement has expanded with  participants seeking to isolate Israel both economically and  politically.   For some, their participation in the movement is simply a means of  voicing their opposition to Israeli policies in the Middle East-- something that at least in the United States, they have every right to  do under the First Amendment. For others, though, it is part of a  strategy to isolate Israel politically and economically, either to  delegitimize the State or to force it to redraw its map.   State-sponsored BDS is incredibly harmful. We have seen support for  BDS in capitals across Europe and, sadly, even in the United Nations,  where the movement has been supported by countries with questionable  humanitarian records, such as China, Russia, and Venezuela. A few years  ago, the U.N. Human Rights Council called for the creation of a so- called blacklist, naming companies that do business with Israel. Then,  in a report in January, the U.N. Human Rights Council laid the  groundwork for utilizing those databases to boycott those businesses,  including at least 22 American companies.   It is shameful, really, that the U.N. has chosen to fuel this  movement by encouraging countries to boycott these businesses for what  they claim are illegal activities, even though that argument has  absolutely no bearing on either the United States or Israel. This  effort to choke off Israel's economy by ending business ties with other  countries could have serious impacts. We want to make sure State and  local governments have the flexibility to avoid business with entities  that support the BDS movement if they wish.   One of the bills included in the legislation we are considering is  called the Combating BDS Act, led by our colleagues Senator Rubio and  Senator Manchin.   Before I talk about what the bill does, I want to talk about what it  does not do. Nothing in this bill restricts constitutionally protected  speech. The law only impacts commerce-related or investment-related  activities in the course of interstate or international commerce. The  law does not punish companies for expressing their opposition to Israel  or its policies or engaging in anti-Israel boycotts, for example.   What this legislation does do, however, is clarify that State and  local governments have every right to counter boycotts of Israel  without fear that they are somehow violating Federal law. It assures  those local governments and State governments that if they decide not  to issue contracts or otherwise do business with entities that are  boycotting or divesting from Israel, they have every legal right to do  so. This is not a new concept, as 34 States have already enacted  legislation to combat BDS.   In 2017, Texas became the 18th State to pass legislation preventing  tax dollars being used to support the boycott of Israel. When Governor  Abbott signed that bill into law, he said, at the time, ``Anti-Israel  policies are anti-Texas policies, and we will not tolerate such actions  against an important ally.''   I agree with his sentiment, certainly, and I believe it is time to  provide all 50 States with the flexibility to make this decision to  forgo any business that would harm the Jewish State.   It goes without saying, but perhaps we should reiterate that Israel  is an important and valuable friend and ally to the United States. It  is one of the main stabilizing influences in the Middle East, an  admittedly dangerous neighborhood, with aggressors on all sides wanting  to literally wipe the State of Israel off the map. Of course, Israel is  the only democracy in the Middle East. Ensuring its viability is  critical to protecting U.S. interests abroad and here at home, and it  is important that we support our closest ally in the region.   Passing this legislation is a step to support Israel in their efforts  to promote democracy in the Middle East. It takes a strong stance  against the anti-Israel and anti-Semitic BDS movement and confirms our  longstanding support of Israel. So I look forward to voting yes on this  important legislation when the time comes, hopefully, very soon.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   