 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge the leadership of Congressman  Colin Allred, who has been an incredible advocate for his community in  Dallas and for millions of Americans whose healthcare President Trump  and our Republican colleagues are trying to take away.   President Trump has claimed over and over again that he wants to  protect  [[Page H2965]]  access to healthcare, and he has even announced recently that he has a  secret plan that he will make available to the American people after  the 2020 election.   But as is true with any con man and charlatan, when you dig a little  past the surface of the President's words, the facts tell a much  different story.   Last week, the President's Justice Department asked a court to  eliminate every single protection and benefit that the Affordable Care  Act has provided.   Democrats won the majority because the American people understand  that we are fighting to protect their healthcare. And now Republicans  have moved away from the Congress to try to take away healthcare from  millions and millions of Americans in the courts.   Let's be clear about what this means. President Trump wants to repeal  the caps on out-of-pocket costs, he wants to eliminate the prescription  drug savings for seniors and end the Medicaid expansion.   If he succeeds in this litigation, it will be legal for insurance  companies to limit the amount of coverage someone can get in their  lifetime, it will deny access to people with preexisting conditions,  and it will allow insurance companies to sell junk plans that offer no  real coverage for the American people.   Democrats have a better plan, and the minority leader will be happy  to know there are actually bills to do it. We are going to strengthen  the protections for people with preexisting conditions, we are going to  expand access to insurance for more working men and women, and we are  going to bring down the costs of prescription drugs with bills like my  legislation, the CREATES Act, to allow more generic drugs into the  marketplace.   Look, we take a lot of complicated votes in this Chamber. This is not  one of them.   This vote is very simple. A vote in favor of this resolution is a  vote for access to quality, affordable healthcare. A vote against it is  a vote for the interests of insurance companies at the expense of  working people.   I know where members of the Democratic Caucus stand. We ran on this,  we are committed to it. We are fighting every day to protect the  Affordable Care Act and to build on its success and to improve it.   The Republicans' last vote was TrumpCare, which took away health  coverage from 23 million Americans, and that is why they were rejected  in the midterms.   People want Members of Congress to stand up and fight to protect  their access to quality, affordable healthcare, to protect their access  to coverage for preexisting conditions, to drive down the costs of  prescription drugs, and to end these junk plans that, in fact, don't  provide coverage to the American people.   This resolution is a strong statement of our position on this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues, don't be afraid of the  resolution, don't be afraid that it is going to expose that you  actually don't support efforts to protect access to healthcare, because  you have an easy solution to that problem: vote for it. Show the  American people you care about the quality of their healthcare, you  want to expand access, strengthen the Affordable Care Act, and support  this excellent resolution.    I would be honored to. I thank the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi), my friend, for organizing this Special  Order hour and for giving us an opportunity to speak more about what  seems to be a recurring fight here in Congress between Democrats who  are committed to preserving access to high quality, affordable  healthcare and to our Republican friends who are committed to undoing  the progress we have made.   I know the gentleman will remember this. In the last Congress, I  think, we were confronted with 50 or 60 votes to repeal the Affordable  Care Act in its entirety. And we were able to defeat each of those  efforts.   Then President Trump was elected, that effort continued, and the  administration began to administratively sabotage the Affordable Care  Act, and even proposed TrumpCare, which would have cost 23 million  Americans their healthcare in its entirety.   So now having lost that battle, Democrats ran an agenda for the  people of this country.   The first item on that agenda was driving down healthcare costs,  driving down the cost of prescription drugs, and preserving coverage  for preexisting conditions.   We won the election. We were put into the majority, in part because  the American people rejected the Republican's relentless effort to  destroy healthcare in this country and wanted Democrats to come to  Congress in control to build on the success of the Affordable Care Act  and make sure that we continue to protect access to quality, affordable  healthcare.   Having lost in this body on this issue, now what do the Republicans  do? They take the battle to the courts. Let's use the courts to strike  down the Affordable Care Act.   And we should be very clear, as I know the gentleman from California  knows, President Trump has claimed over and over again that he wants to  protect access to healthcare.    In fact, just in the last couple of days, he now claims he has a  secret plan. It is so good he is going to share it with the American  people after the 2020 election.   But what we know is, unfortunately, what the President says and what  he does aren't always the same. Because the truth is, the President has  asked his Justice Department to go to court and fight to eliminate  every single protection and benefit that the Affordable Care Act has  provided.   So that means if President Trump gets his way and our Republican  colleagues, there will no longer be caps on out-of-pocket expenses,  there will no longer be savings by closing the donut hole, so  prescription drug costs are reduced for our seniors. Medicaid expansion  will end. The limits that prevent  [[Page H2978]]  insurance companies from limiting the total coverage over your  lifetime, that ban will no longer exist. You will be able to deny  access to healthcare for people with preexisting conditions. And the  insurance company will be free to sell junk plans that offer little or  no real coverage at all.   And so we are back to the same fight. Democrats have legislation that  has already been introduced to build on the success of the Affordable  Care Act:   To drive down premiums; to expand access for more working men and  women; to drive down the costs of prescription drugs.   But we are back at it where our Republican friends are now joining  this Republican President in an effort to use the courts to undo all  the progress we have made on the Affordable Care Act.   This is going in exactly the wrong direction. We remain committed to  make sure that we do everything we can to protect access to care and  drive down costs, because we believe healthcare is a right.   It is not a privilege for a small group of people. It is a right of  every single citizen of this country.   And I thank the gentleman for convening this Special Order hour,  because amidst the noise, people should know there is one party here in  Washington, the Democrats, who are fighting to protect and expand  access to healthcare and drive down costs. There is another party that  is continuing their effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act in its  entirety, to take away coverage for preexisting conditions, to drive up  the cost of prescription drugs. And the American people have the right  to know who is fighting for them and who is not.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking Congressman DeSaulnier not  only for organizing this important Special Order hour and saving local  news, but for his enthusiastic and really passionate leadership on this  issue.   I think the graphs that my friend from California presented tonight  are an illustration of how grave the problem is and how essential it is  that we develop a solution to help preserve our local newspapers,  because I think we all recognize that our democracy is strongest when  we have a free and diverse press that informs citizens, holds  concentrated power accountable, and roots out corruption.   There are examples all across the country of local newspapers doing  heroic investigative work uncovering corruption, holding power to  account, and sharing important information with folks at the local  level.   As Justice Brandeis wrote in 1927, those who won our independence  believed that public discussion is a political duty, that the greatest  threat to freedom is an uninformed citizenry, and that the freedom of  thought and speech are indispensable to the discovery and spread of  political truth.   But today, as you have so eloquently argued, these bedrock  constitutional values are facing existential threats by the new  gatekeepers of information, the dominant platforms.   Last year, Facebook and Google amassed more than $60 billion from  online advertising, the majority of all online ad revenue. Despite  record levels of online readership, news publishers have seen a steep  decline in revenue during the rise of these technology giants.   This bottleneck is bleeding publishers dry.   In an editorial published last year, my local newspaper, The  Providence Journal explained that: ``Google and Facebook now harvest  the majority of the advertising that is supposed to sustain that  journalism. It's essentially parasitism: newspapers and other  journalistic enterprises do all the work, while Silicon Valley sucks  out the profits.''   In the absence of a competitive marketplace, newsrooms across the  country are laying off reporters and editorial staff or folding  altogether. This is happening to legacy news companies and digital  publishers alike.    There is no question that we have reached a tipping point.   If this trend continues, we risk permanently compromising the news  organizations that are essential to uncovering corruption, holding the  government and powerful corporations accountable, and sustaining our  democracy.   That is why Mr. DeSaulnier and I have introduced the Journalism  Competition and Preservation Act, a bill that would strengthen  journalism by allowing news publishers to collectively negotiate with  dominant platforms to improve the quality, accuracy, attribution, and  interoperability of news online.   It is critical that news publishers, both large and small, have a  seat at the table and equal bargaining power when negotiating with  dominant platforms. Whether it is an online publisher or your local  newspaper, we cannot have a democracy without a free and diverse press.  Our country will not survive if we do not have shared facts, if  corruption is not exposed and rooted out at all levels of government,  and if power is not held to account. It is simply not possible.   So, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his support and  cosponsorship of the legislation, his passionate advocacy for moving  forward with it and for organizing tonight's Special Order hour to  bring attention to this really critical issue which is really at the  center of preserving our access to quality, reliable, and trustworthy  news information which is essential to the survival of our democracy.   