 Madam President, as the House of Representatives  continues to hold hearings as part of the impeachment inquiry into  President Trump, it is incumbent on all of us here in the Senate to  review the evidence, keep an open mind, and avoid prejudging the case.  If impeachment articles are served to the Senate, Senators must act as  judges and jurors, take an oath to do impartial justice, and see to it  that the Senate conducts a fair trial.   So I have been hugely disappointed in the partisan conduct of some of  my colleagues on the Republican side, who, in their rush to defend the  President, have attacked career public servants and former members of  the armed services because they didn't like their testimony, and then  they spread baseless conspiracy theories and use their powers of a  congressional office to play defense for the President.   The Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for example, has  attempted to send the State Department on a wild fishing expedition for  documents to support an already debunked rightwing conspiracy theory.   Meanwhile, the State Department is blocking or delaying the  production of documents related to several legitimate and ongoing  investigations, many of which were requested months ago.   I would expect that Senator Graham's request, outlandish as it is,  would go at the back of the line. It would be another total debasement  to the process if Secretary Pompeo were to further politicize the  production of documents to Congress and say it is OK to release the  documents that Senator Graham wants but not the ones that the House  committee wanted. Privilege is privilege. I don't believe it applies in  each case, but it is privilege. You can't do it to one and not the  other.   Also, it is appalling that, in recent days, certain Members on the  other side of the aisle have repeated the lie invented by Vladimir  Putin's intelligence services that Ukraine was somehow involved in 2016  election interference.   I have a simple message for my Republican colleagues: Stop spreading  Putin's propaganda.   By spreading the false and unsupported narrative that Ukraine, not  just Putin, was responsible for interfering in the 2016 elections,  Republicans are endangering our democracy and empowering Vladimir Putin  at the same time. Even wondering aloud about the debunked Ukrainian  interference theory helps Putin muddy the waters and deflect the blame  away from his country, which our intelligence services have all  agreed--I think it is 17 of them--that he interfered in the election.  He is trying to create a diversion, and our Republican colleagues are  going along.   Republicans need to stop putting the wind into the sails of Putin's  propaganda. More than that, Republicans need to forcefully and  unequivocally refute the lie that Ukraine had anything to do with  election interference in 2016.   