 Mr. President, I will be making a unanimous consent  request to move the SAFE Act in just a couple of moments. This is  legislation that Senator Klobuchar and I have teamed up on for quite  some time.   It basically incorporates the three priorities that all of the  nonpartisan election cybersecurity experts recommend: paper ballots,  routine post-election, risk-limiting audits, and Federal cyber security  standards for election systems.   I am going to make some brief remarks and then pose a unanimous  consent request.   I just find it stunning that the Republican Party continues its wall- to-wall campaign of obstruction against election security. Because of  this legislative blockade, the Senate has been AWOL when it comes to  stopping foreign cyber attacks on our elections.   For example, I think most Americans would be stunned to learn that  there is not a single mandatory, nationwide election cyber security  standard on the books. For example, there are no rules barring  connecting voting machines to the internet. I say to the Presiding  Officer and colleagues that doing so is equivalent to putting American  ballot boxes in the Kremlin. That is what happens when you don't have  cyber security standards.   Let's remember what happened in the election cyber security debacle  of 2016. Russian hackers probed all 50 State election systems. Russians  successfully hacked at least one election technology vendor, according  to the Mueller report. Russians penetrated two Florida county election  systems, according to Florida's Governor. That is just what we know  about.   People are always saying: Well, no votes were changed. Nobody knows  that because you wouldn't know it unless you had a real forensic  analysis conducted by cybersecurity experts who broke the systems down,  and that hasn't been done.   Despite all of the ways foreign hackers have already made it into our  election infrastructure, Congress has refused to arm State and county  election officials with the knowledge and funding they need to secure  their systems.   I will just make one additional point, and I thank my colleague for  her courtesy because I know everyone is on a tight schedule. This  summer, I saw for myself how vulnerable election systems are. I went to  DEF CON, which is really the major ``white hat'' hacker convention in  Las Vegas. I went because I wanted to see how easy it was to hack e- pollbooks, voting machines, and other key parts of election  infrastructure. I sure wish some of my colleagues on the other side,  including the distinguished majority leader, could have seen all of  these young people in the Voting Village going through a who's who of  hackable voting machines and see how easy it was to compromise voting  machines to alter votes, disrupt ballot printers, and meddle with  registration systems.   Teenagers in the DEF CON Voting Village showed me an e-pollbook  hacked so completely that young people were playing video games like  ``Doom'' on it. I sure wish my colleagues could have been there.   I sit on the Intelligence Committee. I am not going to get into  anything classified, but I am going to close simply by saying that, as  of today, the threats that we face in 2020 from hostile foreign powers,  in my view, are going to make 2016 look like small potatoes.   For that reason, I now ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee  be discharged from further consideration of S. 2238, the Securing  America's Federal Elections Act, otherwise known as the SAFE Act; that  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I am going to be brief because I just think  it is so critical to respond to the comments my colleague has made.   The first argument was that, on this side of the aisle, people really  aren't interested in election security. The fact is, what Senator  Klobuchar and I and those on our side of the aisle have been interested  in are the three priorities that independent cyber security experts  agree are essential to protecting our elections: paper ballots, audits,  and cyber security standards. So that ought to dispose of this issue  that somehow on this side of the aisle, people really aren't interested  in election security.   Second, I want it understood that over here, we have been interested  in working in a bipartisan way. But our ranking member, Senator  Klobuchar, on the Rules Committee said that at one point there was a  markup scheduled on these issues, and, essentially, the leadership on  the other side of the aisle intervened, and it was canceled.   The fact is that here we are, with just a few months until people  start voting. They are going to vote in primaries early next year. They  are going to go to the polls from sea to shining sea in the fall of  2020. I will just say to my colleagues that we have something like 25  States in America that are nakedly vulnerable. These are the States  that are still using hackable, paperless voting machines and States  that do not have routine, post-election audits.    As Senator Warner, Senator Klobuchar, and I have said, and the  distinguished minority leader, Senator Schumer, all we are interested  in is working to deal with this issue in an objective way, based on the  facts outlined by the experts who aren't at all political.   I think it is very unfortunate that there has been an objection to  the proposal from the distinguished Senator from Virginia, Mr. Warner,  and the proposal from the ranking member on the Rules Committee, who  has worked with me on the SAFE Act, and the SAFE Act itself because, as  a result of this action, the Senate is missing yet another opportunity  to provide an additional measure of security for the 2020 election.   I will close with one last response in light of a comment my  colleague, our new Senator from Tennessee, has made. She and I have  talked about these issues, and I have appreciated it. She said that no  votes were changed--no votes were changed in the election. Nobody knows  that. Unless you do a forensic analysis and break down the machines,  you won't know that.   I sure hope that soon we will be back on this floor moving the  proposal advanced by the Senator from Virginia and the proposal  advanced by the Senator from Minnesota and me because these are  measures proposed by independent experts who don't care about Ds and  Rs; they care about what is right for America.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to make sure the Senate and the  country understand what this debate is all about.   Senate Republicans have been writing letters to the Department of  Treasury saying that the Treasury SALT rule hurts their State  charities. Yet they have been unwilling--at least based on what I am  told--to be part of an effort to fix this and to support those  charities. That is what we would be doing in our effort today to  overturn the Treasury Department's flawed--deeply flawed--SALT  regulations.   My view is that these regulations illustrate essentially what was  wrong with the Republicans' 2017 tax law. This was a law that was half- baked and rushed to shovel hundreds of billions of dollars to those at  the top of the economic pyramid in our country. Then $1.5 trillion was  borrowed so that Donald Trump and his Republican allies could find a  way to cover this tax cut for cronies and donors.   Then, because they still needed revenue, Republicans deliberately  targeted middle-class homeowners in States like New Jersey, New York,  Maryland, and Oregon for tax increases.   For some communities in Oregon, it is not uncommon for property tax  bills alone for middle-class folks to exceed $10,000. But when our  Republican colleagues took this flawed approach on the SALT issue, they  didn't want to listen to experts. So the Trump Treasury Department  stepped in, and without any clear authority to do so, the Treasury  Department reversed a longstanding IRS provision that had allowed  taxpayers a full deduction for charitable contributions to State tax  credit programs.   In essence, the Treasury Department created a new rule that extended  the $10,000 cap on State and local tax deductions to also include  charitable contributions to State tax credit programs.   To make matters worse, because Republican Senators began to see what  an absurd approach this was, Secretary Mnuchin put together another  carve-out for Republican interests, trying to figure out how to manage  this flawed regulation. In effect, businesses using these same  workarounds to fund private school voucher programs would be exempt  from the regulation. Middle-class families pay more; businesses pay  less. That is the Republican way.   My view is that the Treasury Department shouldn't be putting its  thumb on the scale on behalf of Republicans, and it certainly shouldn't  be using what amounts to a phony regulatory justification to fix this  extraordinarily poorly drafted law.   While Donald Trump certainly intended for these regulations to hurt  middle-class families in some parts of the country in Democratic States  and protect Republican interests, the bad news for my Republican  colleagues--and this is why so many Republican Senators are writing the  Treasury Department, talking about why their State charities are  getting hammered. The regulations produced by the Treasury Department  are overly broad, and they hurt the majority of States by effectively  eliminating the benefit of those State charitable tax credit programs.  These include credits that support priorities like conservation, child  care, charitable giving, and access to higher education.   This is particularly striking, given that the Trump tax law was  already estimated to slash overall charitable giving by as much as $20  million a year.   Now on top of that, the regulations that I oppose and feel so  strongly about coming from the Treasury Department threaten more than  100 charitable State tax credit programs in 33 States.   My Republican colleagues' constituents will be hurt by these  regulations, just like my constituents at home. We are talking about  childcare centers in Colorado and Missouri; foster care organizations  in Arizona; historic preservation groups in Kansas; charities in Iowa,  Kentucky, and Mississippi; conservation groups in Arkansas, Iowa,  Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee; rural hospitals  in Georgia, the home State of the Presiding Officer; universities in  Indiana, Idaho, Montana, and North Dakota; and volunteer responders in  Nebraska.   As today's debate proceeds, you are going to hear about these  comments against these regulations that were submitted to the Trump  administration. There is a rural hospital in Georgia that was able to  upgrade its heart monitors, a childcare center in Colorado that helps  parents remain in the workforce, and a conservation group that has  preserved more than 10,000 acres of land in Florida's gulf coast.   In wrapping up, I just hope my Republican colleagues will put their  constituents first by shielding them from these unintended consequences  of losing their charitable tax credits and supporting this resolution  offered by the leader, Senator Schumer, myself, and other colleagues.   Senate Republicans have a choice. They can keep writing letters to  the Treasury Department, complaining about the regulations that hammer  their State charities, or they can join us in voting to reverse this  policy. I just hope that Senators move to this vote, and they take the  option that I think is the only one you can explain to the folks at  home in a townhall meeting. I have had more than 950 of them. I am  going to have some more very shortly. There, folks have a chance to  really see what your priorities are.   The question here is, Are your priorities with folks at home, with  these State charities that I have emphasized--everything from  conservation to healthcare, to children? Are you going to support the  State charities doing that important work or are you going to continue  to support the Department of the Treasury with their incredibly flawed  regulations to hammer these State charities?   I hope Senators from all sides--from those 33 States that I have just  ticked off--will vote to protect those charities and join me, Senator  Schumer, and a host of other colleagues in voting to get rid of the  Treasury Department's rule and stand with us on the CRA.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I understand that several of our  colleagues today have been on the Senate floor calling for an immediate  vote on the President's new North American Free Trade Agreement.   Setting aside the fact that there have not yet been the hearings or  the markups necessary to allow that to happen, it would be a major  mistake for the Trump administration to seek a vote on a trade deal  until it is a good deal. While the new North American Free Trade  Agreement includes some improvements to the existing agreement, there  is still work to be done to get the best deal for American workers and  consumers.   Updating NAFTA, for example, means confronting the areas where older  trade agreements continually have fallen short: fighting to protect  labor rights in the interests of working families, preventing a race to  the bottom when it comes to the environment, and making sure there are  vigorous enforcements of our trade agreements so that other countries  can't treat a trade deal as an empty document that gives them yet more  time and more opportunities to rip off American jobs.   I do have real concerns about the current trade enforcement because  the new NAFTA carries over too much of the weak enforcement system of  the old NAFTA. It is too easy on trade cheats, and it is not good  enough for American workers, particularly on the issue of protecting  our working families and labor rights.   Now, I and our colleague Senator Brown have proposed several  additional tools to address specific challenges in Mexico. It is my  view, in having talked to trade officials and in having gathered  information elsewhere, that by all accounts, there has been good  progress on this front. Additionally, one of the bigger challenges that  has to be confronted is that of identifying the hundreds of thousands  of sham labor contracts in Mexico that  [[Page S6082]]  have exploited workers there and harmed workers here in our country.  Mexico must remain on track to get those contracts renegotiated on  behalf of the interests of our workers.   To my colleagues who say this deal must be passed in the name of  certainty, I want to make a point that, I think, is very important.  During this overhaul, the original North American Free Trade Agreement  remains in place. Workers, farmers, ranchers, and businesses should not  have to go to bed at night fearing that economic uncertainty is going  to rob them of their livelihoods. The uncertainty arises only when the  President acts out and makes impulsive threats regarding our trade  relationships. When the President threatened new tariffs on Mexico this  June over immigration policy, that created far more uncertainty than  our taking the time that would be necessary to get this deal right.  American workers and farmers have already been hurt by the President's  impulses. More are going to get hurt if Trump threatens and produces  chaos, causing the Congress to accept a bad deal on the North American  Free Trade Agreement.   Passing a trade deal that would allow the President to unilaterally  change trade rules and jerk around entire industries would be a  substantial mistake and would be one that would produce still more  uncertainty. That is not how you get trade done right. Based on that, I  do have some real concerns about how the administration wants NAFTA 2.0  to be implemented.   I am just going to close by mentioning a fact or two about my State.   In my State, trade and global commerce are priority business. One in  five jobs in Oregon depends on international trade, and the trade jobs  often pay better than do the nontrade jobs because they reflect a level  of added value. When I am asked at a town meeting what my views are on  trade, I always say: Let's grow it in Oregon. Let's make it in Oregon.  Let's add value to it in Oregon and then ship it around the world. I  don't take a back seat to anybody in talking about the importance of  trade, particularly in my State.   I sat and listened to a number of my colleagues who talked about  their views and that we ought to just have an immediate vote, that we  just should vote now. I don't know what they thought with respect to  hearings and markups and the kinds of things that are required. They  just said that we have to move now. As the ranking Democrat on the  Committee on Finance, I just want to make it clear that you go when a  trade deal is a good deal. There are issues still to be resolved on  that matter, and I am interested in working with both sides in good  faith in order to get a good deal.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, our colleagues, Senator Warner and  Senator Murray, have come to the floor over the course of the day to  speak about the importance of protecting Americans who have preexisting  health conditions, and I want to see if I can put this in a bit of  context so that people understand why those of us on this side feel so  strongly, why I think Senator Warner and Senator Murray were spot-on,  and I want to put it in the context of the way I came up.   When I got out of law school, I set up a legal aid program for senior  citizens. I was codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers, and I saw what  it meant when the big insurance companies could just clobber those  people with preexisting health conditions. They would just throw all  kinds of extra costs on them, heap extra expenses, and pretty much beat  the stuffing out of anybody who had a preexisting health condition. We  tried as hard as we could to push back. This was all before I was in  public life.   At the time, I said: If I ever have the opportunity in the Congress,  I am going to make this priority business to make sure that everybody  in America could go to bed at night knowing that they wouldn't be wiped  out in the morning if they have a preexisting condition.   So in the course of the whole debate about the Affordable Care Act, I  produced a piece of legislation called the Healthy Americans Act. Seven  Democrats and seven Republicans were cosponsors. Some of the Republican  cosponsors are still serving in the U.S. Senate today.   What we had in it was airtight, loophole-free protection for anybody  with a preexisting condition. We were thrilled that, by and large, our  provision from the Healthy Americans Act became the provision in the  Affordable Care Act that ensured that there would be a new generation  of consumer protection and security for the millions of Americans who  had these preexisting conditions.   Now, as my colleagues have said, there is a very real threat to that  protection that is now in the Affordable Care Act that really does  provide airtight, loophole-free protection for those with preexisting  conditions. I just want to make sure that we get on the record, for  those who are following the debate, what it means if you roll back  these protections for those with preexisting conditions.   In a sentence, what it means is America goes back to the days--those  days when I was codirector of the Gray Panthers--when healthcare was  for the healthy and the wealthy. That is what you have if you allow  discrimination against those with a preexisting condition. If you are  healthy, you don't have an issue with preexisting conditions. If you  are wealthy, you don't have an issue with preexisting conditions. But  if you are not healthy and you are not wealthy and you get rid of these  protections, you are in a world of hurt. That is what we are looking at  should the Republicans prevail.   The Republican's official position is ironclad: Preexisting consumer  protections ought to be pretty much thrown in the trash can. I am going  to spend a few minutes outlining the examples of why that is the case.   First, we saw the TrumpCare disaster of 2017. The Republicans tried  to repeal the Affordable Care Act with its protection for preexisting  conditions. They failed, and preexisting conditions lived to fight  another day. Enough said there.   Second, my colleagues have chosen to stand idly by while Republican- led States and the President tried to maneuver through the courts to  toss out the entire Affordable Care Act overall with the protection for  people with preexisting conditions. The so-called Texas lawsuit relies  on an argument that wouldn't hold up in law class 101 on the  Constitution. But thanks to a cadre of ideological judges, it does seem  that this case may make its way to the Supreme Court.   I do want to be clear for those who are following this. Republican  Members of this body are not just some kind of innocent bystander when  it comes to this court case. They could, if they wanted to, join  Democrats to take steps that would prevent this lawsuit from going  forward, and, again, we can have protections for people with  preexisting conditions. Instead, all the arguments are about why the  Republicans just can't be involved and a lot of excuses and deflection.   Third, the so-called ``fix-it'' bills that my Republican colleagues  have offered to--what they claim--``protect'' preexisting conditions  are just so full of disclaimers that they look as if they might have  been written by one of those insurance company lawyers from the old  days who was only interested in finding ways in which the insurance  company could win and the consumer would lose. Any healthcare  legislation that doesn't provide an ironclad guarantee of health  coverage, no matter your health status, age, or gender, amounts to a  huge loophole that leaves hard-working, middle-class people emptyhanded  when they need health coverage the most. If insurance companies can  make coverage for your preexisting conditions so expensive that it is  unaffordable, it is no different than being denied coverage in the  first place.    Next, the Trump administration has given the States the green light  to use taxpayer dollars to push junk plans that aren't worth the paper  they are written on. I will have more to say about that in the days  ahead, but not only does this approach amount to federally funded  fraud, this is a gross misreading of current law that is going to  disproportionately hurt vulnerable Americans with preexisting  conditions who need comprehensive healthcare.   Under these rules, unscrupulous insurance companies can charge people  more if they have a preexisting condition, deny benefits for specific  types of treatment, or even deny coverage altogether. This rule change  is--and we are going to talk some more about it--a grotesque perversion  of the provision I authored in the Affordable Care Act that would let  States build on the strong protections in the law but not go out and,  basically, completely undermine them.   Despite this parade of grim tidings, next Friday, November 1, is the  beginning of open enrollment for individual, private health insurance  coverage on healthcare.gov, so there is a little bit of encouraging  news. Even as the Trump administration has done everything they can to  fuel the fires of uncertainty for people about where healthcare is  going to be and what is going to be available, millions of families are  going to be able to shop for plans that provide them with health  coverage. That is because, yesterday, Americans got the news that the  average premium for the so-called ``benchmark plan'' for the individual  market--part of the Affordable Care Act--is going down by 4 percent.  Make no mistake, this reduction is in spite of all of the things the  President has done to make it harder to get affordable coverage under  the Affordable Care Act. Attributing this reduction to the President is  about as believable as saying that Trump University is going to make a  comeback any day now.   In fact, one insurer who posted a premium decrease last year crunched  the numbers and said that they could have reduced premiums by over 22  percent if it weren't for congressional Republicans and sabotage by the  Trump administration.   Americans should still sign up for health coverage if they need it  before the deadline on December 15, even if the President hasn't done  you or your family any favors on healthcare.   One last point on healthcare: While Americans are looking for  affordable healthcare plans on healthcare.gov, there are going to be a  lot of scam artists on the prowl outside of the official website. These  hucksters are going to be trying to pawn what are called junk plans  onto unsuspecting families. The junk plans might sound attractive. They  always seem to be advertising promotional materials that say: ``Low  premiums! Affordable coverage!'' But I just want to make clear that if  you or a loved one gets sick, chances are the fine print says that the  carrier of this junk plan will not cover what you need. So despite the  low premium, the real bill comes due right when you need your coverage  the most.   I am also struck by how similar these junk plans are that are being  offered  [[Page S6085]]  now by these rip-off insurers--how similar they are to another part of  what we dealt with when I was codirector of the Gray Panthers, legal  aid for senior citizens. Back then, we saw that fast-talking insurance  salespeople would sell older people 10, 15, sometimes even 20 private  policies that were supposed to supplement their Medicare, and a lot of  them weren't worth the paper they were written on. If you had one,  often, the others wouldn't offer you coverage because they would say  that you already had coverage.   Finally, we outlawed that. We wrote a law that streamlined the  Medigap market, and it basically is still the law today.   With respect to the law on preexisting conditions, I hope we can  protect that. We shouldn't be creating new problems for patients and  consumers. And, particularly, when we make progress, such as we did  with the Affordable Care Act so that we now have in it airtight,  loophole-free protections for those with preexisting conditions, we  certainly shouldn't turn back the clock to the days when healthcare was  for the healthy and wealthy.   I am going to have more to say about these junk plans and how they  have really unsavory, historical roots, particularly when the  equivalent was sold to the elderly. These junk plans are now just a  backdoor to denying care to Americans with preexisting conditions, and  people ought to know about the dangers. People deserve to know whether  their elected officials are going to fight to protect their rights or  whether they are going to let a bunch of con artists weaken the core  protections for preexisting conditions that Senators Warner and Murray  talked about today that are so important to keeping families healthy.   I urge my Republican colleagues to change course and stand with  Democrats in defense of the law and real protection for vulnerable  patients, against discrimination if they have a preexisting condition.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   