 Madam President, I come to the floor again to urge an end  to the Trump shutdown, which is over a month old--the longest in  history.   Let's be clear. This is the Trump shutdown. The President called for  a shutdown two dozen times, and he said he would be proud to own it.   Regrettably, it is clear that he does not care about the impact his  shutdown is having on families across the United States. He barely  acknowledges their pain.   If you needed any reminder of the low regard the President has for  the Federal workforce, remember that on December 28, in the midst of  the shutdown he instigated, he signed an Executive order that will  freeze pay for the civilian workforce in 2019--assuming he ever reopens  the government.   With his announcement on Saturday, the President is now playing games  with the lives of hundreds of thousands of refugees and Dreamers, who,  because of his earlier actions, could face the real threat of  deportation.   Meanwhile, his administration is playing favorites, rewarding those  with deep pockets and good connections, forcing IRS employees back to  work without pay to process tax returns, reopening the Department of  the Interior to help pave the way for oil and gas leaks.   For those without resources, it is often a different story.  Recipients of Federal housing assistance, for example, are wondering  what their status might be in the next month.   FBI agents are worried about the effect the shutdown will have on  active investigations. Air traffic controllers, FAA inspectors, and TSA  workers are working long hours to keep flights on time and safe, but  the cost to them and their Agencies will stretch years into the future.   Transit agencies, unable to draw down needed Federal capital and  operating funding, are also feeling the pinch, which could affect  service and safety down the line. We have seen this coming. That is why  Democrats have been pleading with the majority leader for weeks to  allow a vote on the funding bills that Senate Republicans wrote last  year so we can reopen the government. These measures have broad  bipartisan support. In fact, the leader voted for each of them, but for  weeks, the majority leader refused to allow a vote on these and other  bills, saying the Senate will not waste floor time on show votes, on  bills he believes the President will not sign. By his definition, he  can only bring up bills that can pass the House, earn 60 votes in the  Senate, and get the President's signature.    As the leader knows, when there is a veto-proof majority--as there  has been in the Senate on these very bills to fund the government--the  President is, quite frankly, irrelevant.   Here is what the record shows: Last year, the Senate passed the  Agriculture appropriations bill 92 to 6. We passed the Interior  appropriations bill 92 to 6. We passed the Financial Services-General  Government appropriations bill 92 to 6. We passed the Transportation- HUD appropriations bill 92 to 6. Although they didn't come to the  floor, the Appropriations Committee passed the Commerce-Justice-Science  bill and the State-Foreign Operations bill unanimously.   As for the Department of Homeland Security, we passed a continuing  resolution in the Senate unanimously last year to keep the Department  funded at least temporarily. There is no reason we can't pass that  measure again and start paying our coastguardsmen and other DHS  personnel. What cannot pass is President Trump's demand for billions  and billions to build hundreds of miles of ineffective wall through  places where it is unwarranted.   Don't take my word for it. Listen to Congressman Will Hurd, a Texas  Republican, who represents a district he says includes 820 miles of the  roughly 1,900-mile border with Mexico. Congressman Hurd has called the  wall ``the most expensive and least effective way to secure the  border.'' He is correct, and MIT engineers and other experts have  estimated this wall will cost well north of $30-plus billion.   Democrats want to focus on border security infrastructure but the  improvements of greatest need, including ports of entry and more  effective technology to detect illegal border crossings and drug  smuggling. Once the government is open, there is room for debate on how  best to improve border security and even on longstanding immigration  matters.   It will not be easy. First, the President's call for a wall is as  political as the day is long. He is focused on motivating the roughly  30 percent of Americans who think keeping the government shut down is a  good thing.   Second, negotiating with this President has proved a difficult job,  even for members of his own party because he has a hard time keeping  his end of the bargain. In December, when Republicans controlled both  the House and Senate, the Senate unanimously passed a bipartisan deal,  sponsored by the majority leader, to keep the government funded until  the beginning of February. The clear understanding was that the  President, as communicated by Vice President Pence, would sign the  legislation, but, within hours, the President scuttled the agreement.   Going back to March 2018, the President nearly vetoed the Republican  Omnibus appropriations bill that was based on funding levels he had  already agreed to.   As far as funding for border security, the President changes his  demands constantly. First, Mexico was going to pay for the President's  border wall. Last February, he asked taxpayers for $1.6 billion. Then  it became $5 billion. Now it is $5.7 billion. How is it possible to  make a deal with, frankly, such an unreliable party?   Here is one other point, and it goes beyond President Trump. If  Congress capitulates to his demands because he has shut down the  government, he will be emboldened to use the same tactic again and  again and again. If he succeeds, then every President who follows will  feel justified in using the same ploy. Rather than ending one shutdown,  we will be inviting more in the future.   The only choice we have in Congress is to pass the bills we know have  overwhelming bipartisan support and reopen the government with or  without the President's signature.   Tomorrow the majority leader will be asking the Senate to surrender  to the President's cynical demands for wall funding. That proposal is a  dead letter purposely filled with poison pills: It will not get 60  votes in the Senate and will not pass the House. It fails the very test  the majority leader has been saying must be met. It is, by his own  definition, a show vote.   As an alternative, the Senate will have the opportunity to vote again  on the majority leader's proposal from last December, which would  reopen the government through February 8. Added to that measure will be  much needed disaster assistance. It will be interesting to see if the  Senate Republicans  [[Page S489]]  will support or oppose this measure, which is essentially one they  wrote. I hope they will take yes for an answer and vote with all of us  to reopen the government and to begin serious, thoughtful, and  principled discussions on ways we can improve borders and many other  topics.   I yield the floor.   