 Madam Speaker, since before inauguration, the press and  Members of this Congress have been for impeachment. Members refused to  attend the inauguration. They called for impeachment, and they voted  for impeachment without any evidence. They voted for impeachment  creating and manufacturing evidence.   Recall and votes of no confidence are not included in our  Constitution for a reason. Our system demands evidence of high crimes  and misdemeanors. If such evidence existed, there would be an agreement  in this Chamber, but there is not. There is not an agreement because  there is no evidence.   Madison and Hamilton warned us that this might happen and that  impeachment would veer toward political factions, and that is exactly  what this is. This is bitterly and nakedly partisan.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have made a mockery of  this process and this government. They despise the President and are  themselves abusing the power of their office all to settle the  political score they were unable to resolve at the ballot box.   Madam Speaker, they hope that if they repeat them over and over and  stay on message that you will believe their charges. Repeating things  that are not true does not make them true.   The call record between the two Presidents was clear: President Trump  was interested in getting to the bottom of what happened in the 2016  election. He asked the Ukrainians to work with our Attorney General.  The Ukrainians were already getting the military hardware, and they got  the assistance money and the meeting they desired.   These are not crimes. These are disagreements over foreign policy and  the fact that this President is conducting it.   If it weren't so sad, it would be laughable, Madam Speaker. My  colleagues are not driven by a quest for facts or truth; they are  driven by their partisan animus and a timetable. These are the reckless  and irresponsible acts of elitists in the swamp, and they undermine the  fabric of our Republic.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.   