 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the occasion of  the passing of a great American hero, a gentle giant, a man who spoke  his mind when he needed to and stood for what was right. Now I am  convinced, knowing his faith, he is among the angels.   Ross Perot was a man who cared about Americans. He was a great  American, and a great Texan with a heart as big as Texas. And the  things that Ms. Granger said were absolutely the truth and a great  story about Ross Perot.   But an untold story, because he pretty much kept it untold, is how  many times Ross Perot would hear about and help a wounded soldier, or  an unfortunate American wherever they may be, who had problems with  healthcare, or problems with medical bills.   In my district, there was a wounded soldier who was totally  incapacitated and had no way to get around except in a wheelchair, and  Ross Perot, without any public acknowledgment, looking for no fame for  his good, kind heart, provided for his needs. He would pay the hospital  bills.   In the case of that young man, a young soldier in Round Rock, he  provided him with a van which was wheelchair accessible without  disclosing who gave the gift, other than: ``I want to make sure this  young man can get around.''   Those stories go on and on in every State in this Union. Mr. Perot  was a man who cared about the American citizens and our soldiers,  sailors, airmen, marines, and coastguardsmen, wherever they may be. If  they were in need of his help, he was there for them.   So, today, we have lost an American hero, a great human being. He  will be missed by many, and he will be missed by me. He left a legacy  of a wonderful family who has the same kind of strong, productive heart  that makes things happen in this world, and cares about America.   Many of us wonder if what we did in our life would really matter.  Ross Perot didn't have to worry about that. Everything he did mattered,  not only to our country, but to a lot of individuals who were in need.   We were blessed by the life of Ross Perot, and he will be missed.   