 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time.   Mr. Chair, we stand at a moment in history. Seventy years after the  end of World War II and 30 years after the end of the Cold War, the  world is still battling authoritarianism. However, due to the increased  global economic integration, authoritarian states have begun to utilize  practices of economic coercion and predatory lending to take advantage  of developing nations.   These vulnerable countries are presented with funding for major  development projects, which ultimately lead to unrepayable debt. When  these governments cannot fulfill their financial obligations, they are  forced to give up strategic ports and lands that can now be used by the  authoritarian regimes to achieve diplomatic and strategic aims that  threaten democracies and stability.   At the same time, we face the challenge and opportunity of leading  the global effort to combat extreme poverty and disease, with an  increasing recognition that public investment and grants alone are  insufficient for the task.    To tackle these issues, I worked with my colleagues last Congress to  pass the new U.S. Development Finance Corporation. This critical tool  put America and her allies in the position to counter economic coercion  by ensuring that our government maximizes the impact of our resources  through a coordinated strategy that prioritizes the mobilization of  private capital through a variety of investment structures and  partnerships.   Additionally, the DFC will work much more closely with our lead  development agency, USAID, and ensure we focus on sustainable  development and allowing countries to make the transition from aid to  trade through investments in infrastructure.   As the implementation of the new DFC continues, I look forward to  engaging with my colleagues and providing this new entity with the  sufficient funding and flexibility it needs to achieve our Nation's  foreign policy goals.   I applaud Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger's support for  the new DFC. I would also like to thank my colleagues Adam Smith, Hal  Rogers, and Jeff Fortenberry for their support and engagement on this  critical issue.   It is paramount that we get this policy right to show America's  commitment and continued leadership in forging strong foreign policy  that benefits all.   