 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would add to the findings of  the importance of averting, minimizing, and addressing loss and damage  associated with the adverse effects of climate change, including  extreme weather events.   It is well known that extreme weather events, such as hurricanes and  tropical storms, are some of the most devastating and costly  consequences of a warming world, displacing thousands of people at a  time and costing government billions of dollars to recover.   The good people of south Jersey know that climate change is occurring  because our streets flood almost every time it rains in the coastal  areas. Unfortunately, we also have the painful reminder of Superstorm  Sandy.   On October 29, 2012, Superstorm Sandy first struck the mainland near  Brigantine, New Jersey, in my district, pounding our coast with winds  of over 70 miles per hour and 13-foot storm surges, ultimately killing  147 people.   Superstorm Sandy was the most destructive natural disaster ever to  strike the State of New Jersey and ranks among the five costliest  natural disasters in our Nation's history.   Here is some of the damage caused by Sandy: Almost 350,000 homes were  damaged. 1,400 vessels were sunk or abandoned. Seventy drinking water  systems were affected. Eighty wastewater treatment plants suffered  power loss or damage. The entire coastline experienced erosion. And  untold billions were sucked out of our economy.   We need to recognize that climate change is exacerbating the  intensity and the frequency of extreme weather events that often cause  the loss of life, property, and security.   Staying in the Paris Agreement is good for jobs and good for the  economy.   Investing in clean, low-carbon technologies will help us expand and  develop the industries of the future and help us compete globally  against other countries that are already making significant investments  in these fields.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, which simply  acknowledges the need to reduce and avoid the human and economic toll  brought on by the changing climate and that we need to develop our  economy in a sustainable fashion.   Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Engel).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   