 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss the proposed  Udall amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. It is not  pending, but it has been filed, and thus I do want to talk about it for  a few minutes.   First, let me be clear: The United States is not responsible for  Iran's reckless activity and its violent ways. It is time once again to  thrust Iran's long, shameful record of malign behavior back into the  spotlight.   For the past 40 years, Iran has refused to behave as a responsible  member of the international community. Indeed, the magnitude of the  Iranian regime's caustic behavior both at home and abroad is  overwhelming. Responsible nations do not threaten the sovereignty of  their neighbors by funding terrorists. Responsible nations do not  catalyze sectarian identities and provoke violence in the region.  Responsible nations do not prop up the murderous regime of Bashar al- Assad in Syria. Responsible nations do not carelessly spread dangerous  missile technology to violent extremist groups that threaten the lives  of civilians. Responsible nations do not attack embassies and hold  hostages. Yet the Iranian regime has done all of these things and  persists.   Make no mistake. The Iranian regime has American blood on its hands.  We all recall the dark days in Iraq and the Iranian roadside bombs that  took the lives and maimed our servicemen and women.   Today, America's sons and daughters deployed abroad are again at  risk. The amendment in front of this body will tie the hands of our  commanders and prevent our troops from even acting in self-defense.  Additionally, this amendment unnecessarily takes options off  [[Page S4522]]  the table, telegraphs our foreign policy to our adversaries, and  emboldens those who wish us harm.   No one seeks a conflict with Iran--not the President of the United  States, not this body, and not the American people. The U.S. Government  has made clear our willingness to negotiate with Iran.   The Iranian people are a proud people. They have a proud history.  They are the descendants of the Persian culture, one of the greatest  cultures on the face of the earth. The Iranian people deserve better  than what they are getting from the regime in power now in Iran.   The fact remains that the Iranian regime is faced with a sharp  choice. The regime must choose between continued terrorist activity and  behaving as a responsible member of the international community. The  Iranian regime should sit down and think about the road that they are  pursuing.   Like all countries, they want national security for their people. Is  the road to national security trying to develop a nuclear weapon that  the world has told them they can't develop? Is it continuing funding  terrorists? Is it continuing the malign activities that it continues  within Syria? None of these things gives them the national security  they want.   They should take a lesson from North Korea. North Korea pursued this  for generations. But in the last 18 months, North Korea sat down and  said: Do you know what? Our national security is better served by  picking door No. 2 instead of door No. 1. As a result of that, the  threat that North Korea has been under has been greatly lifted.   This particular amendment is an amendment that has a place in the  debate, but it has no place in this particular bill. First of all, it  is not within the jurisdiction of the committee that has this bill in  front of them. It is within the jurisdiction of our committee, the  Foreign Relations Committee. These issues on war powers and the  President's ability to use military force deserve thoughtful and  reasoned debate. It is not a cavalier amendment like this that takes  away the ability of our men and women to actually defend themselves.   I urge my colleagues to cast a ``no'' vote on this amendment and get  on with the serious business and the important business of passing the  National Defense Authorization Act.   I yield the floor.   