 Madam Speaker, we need to establish a Space Force, to  keep GPS safe, to keep ATMs safe, and to keep Y-O-U safe.   Space Force is not a Trump idea. True, he tried to hijack it long  after the House Armed Services Committee had voted on a totally  bipartisan and nearly unanimous basis to support a Space Corps. Trump's  belated support for a Space Force does not make this a Republican idea.   Focus on space has been bipartisan since the first Pentagon Space  Command in 1985, an initiative that was terminated in 2002 when America  got distracted by the war on terror. Our adversaries and potential  adversaries were not distracted, however.   Since 2002, they have relentlessly pursued anti-U.S. strategies  against our defenseless satellites. They have made space a warfighting  domain.   On behalf of the free world, we must respond. What is the difference  between a Space Corps and a Space Force? One word. The language in this  year's NDAA is primarily the old Space Corps language, which passed the  HASC this year unanimously.   The Strategic Forces Subcommittee provisions of this bill support the  core mission of our nuclear forces to provide a strong deterrent. They  also support nuclear safety as we modernize and recapitalize our  nuclear deterrent.   We emphasize the importance of strategic stability. The conference  agreement highlights the importance of New START and the Open Skies  treaties for U.S. and international security. We maintain congressional  oversight over these key arms control agreements, including requiring a  120-day notice provision before any withdrawal from these treaties.   U.S. leadership, in cooperation with our allies, is essential to hold  Russia accountable and to prevent an arms race.   The NDAA continues to support effective missile defense while  increasing oversight of critical programs, particularly as the  Department of Defense considers new options for the next-generation  interceptor.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   