 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support this conference report and  commend Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger and their staffs  for the hard work that goes into this. Not many people understand the  important and long time that is spent by the staff in trying to put  these bills together.   I could sit here until the cows come home, which might be shorter  than we think if we run out of cows and get rid of those. But anyway, I  could talk about the provisions in this bill that are important to  Idaho, whether it is the PILT payment, the sage-grouse listing, or  other provisions, but this is an important bill.   What I would like to bring to my colleagues' attention is a very  important section of this conference agreement, section 7. It is with  sadness that this section is included. It honors the late Stephen Sepp.   Sepp, as he was known to his friends and colleagues, spent the last 8  years as a senior adviser to the House Appropriations Committee. He was  instrumental in the enactment of division O of the 2018 Consolidated  Appropriations Act. I know this division well because it was the fire  borrowing and forest management reforms I advocated and worked on for  several years.   Sepp steadfastly worked with Members, the committees, the  administration, and staff over several years to resolve the problems  that fire borrowing caused for the Forest Service and the Department of  the Interior. More than that, he helped solve a problem that threatens  the lives and property of people in the West and, in fact, all over the  country.   His strength, his courage, his sense of humor, and his vast knowledge  of the Federal budget law and rules made him indispensable, especially  to his colleagues. Without Sepp, division O would never have passed.   Along with my fellow colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, the  chairwoman, and the ranking member--and I know our former colleague had  a hand in this, Rodney Frelinghuysen--we would all like to express our  gratitude to his wife, Diem, and children, Ashley and Matthew, for  allowing him the many, many hours he spent with us making Congress and  the Nation better.   Our thoughts are with him today as we pass this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Let's put the  2019 appropriations behind us so that we can move on to 2020.   