 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I thank Chairman Takano, Ranking Member Roe, and members of the House  Committee on Veterans' Affairs for their steadfast commitment to the  men and women of our armed services and for their work on H.R. 4625,  the Protect the GI Bill Act.   Included in this bill is legislation of mine that I have been working  on with Representative McMorris Rodgers for some years now to remedy  the bureaucratic oversight affecting military families across the  country.   Under current law, the Department of Defense includes wards and  foster children in their definition of an ``eligible child'' who is  authorized to receive their parents' unused GI education benefits.  However, the Department of Veterans Affairs does not. Unfortunately,  this misalignment has led to a nightmare for some members of the armed  services and their families.   This issue first came to my attention when a constituent, Sergeant  First  [[Page H8751]]  Class Angela Dees, and her son, Christopher, reached out to my office  to share their story.   Regrettably, their story is not unique, and they are not alone. To  date, nearly 100 wards and foster children were initially approved by  the Department of Defense for the transfer of GI education benefits,  and money was paid out to their schools. Then, midsemester, the  Department of Veterans Affairs revoked their benefits. The students and  their families were notified that they would have to repay tuition  expenses.   These families now face unexpected and crippling debts. They aren't  just stuck with bigger loan payments but with outstanding bills. In  many cases, the students even had to drop out of school.   Children of the men and women who serve honorably should not be  denied the benefits that they were promised because of bureaucratic  oversight. These servicemen and -women have honored the promise that  they made to serve our country, and we need to honor the promises we  make to them.   This legislation would correct this discrepancy and prevent this  situation from happening in the future. Doing so would allow foster  children and wards like Christopher, who were approved for GI education  benefits only to have them revoked, to receive the education funding  that they were promised.   I urge my colleagues to join me and vote ``yes'' on this critical  piece of legislation.   