 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, 9 years ago our Nation took a monumental  step forward to address the needs of millions of Americans with a  preexisting condition. Before the passage of the Affordable Care Act,  individuals across the country were denied coverage or charged higher  premiums due to their medical history.   While I came to Washington to protect our healthcare, the Trump  administration has continued its assault on the Affordable Care Act. In  this case, the administration is trying to use an ACA provision  designed to give States the ability to test new insurance reforms that  could improve the wellbeing of their residents, but, instead, that  provision is being used to undermine protections for people with  preexisting conditions and the coverage of essential health benefits,  all in an effort to prop up junk, short-term insurance plans.   Today, we will stand up to that assault on America's healthcare by  passing H.R. 986, to nullify these efforts. We must be clear that any  future administrative actions by this administration or any other  administration should not harm the vulnerable populations that the  Affordable Care Act was designed to protect.   To that end, my amendment would prohibit any future rule or guidance  from diminishing the Affordable Care Act that would result in reduction  in the availability, affordability, and comprehensiveness for people  with preexisting conditions, the elderly and low-income individuals.   My amendment would affirm these critical guardrails that protect the  care of so many Americans across our country and help strengthen and  uphold the principles of this landmark law.   I would like to thank Chairman Pallone, Chairman Neal, and their  respective staff for their assistance with this amendment.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment to ensure  that this and future administrations do not undermine the healthcare of  vulnerable populations.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, we are at a crossroads in our country.  When we look at the global stage, there are approximately 200  countries, of which 40 are industrialized, developed countries. Of  those 40 industrialized, developed countries, 39 of them have universal  healthcare. Only one does not, the wealthiest, greatest country in the  history of the world. That is why we have tens of millions of  individuals in our country without insurance.   We know that preexisting conditions have to be covered because when  we look at the fact that this country spends 18.5 percent of its GDP on  healthcare, almost double what these other industrialized, developed  countries spend, you would think the United States of America has the  healthiest people in the world.   Madam Chairwoman, that is not the case. I am sad to report that most  critical criteria when looking at Americans' healthcare, we are in the  bottom quartile, even though we spend 18.5 percent of our GDP. We know  that the inability to pay healthcare costs is a leading cause of  involuntary bankruptcy and homelessness.   Preexisting conditions is the underlying reason for those two things.  That is why we must make sure that we protect affordable healthcare in  the United States through the act, and make sure that preexisting  conditions are covered today and tomorrow for future generations.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   