 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Lofgren for her  incredible work. Nobody has done more in this Congress to protect our  democracy and lift up the voices of everyday Americans than Zoe  Lofgren, so I thank her for yielding.   The measure of partisanship here is not whether the Republicans have  refused to get on this and it is a Democratic bill. That is not how you  measure partisanship, because that is an  [[Page H8414]]  easy maneuver. You decide: None of us will get on the bill. It will be  all Democrats that are supporting it or voting for it, and then we can  say it is a partisan bill.   The measure of whether something is partisan or not is to go out and  talk to the people in the country. And this is one of the most  bipartisan bills you could possibly put together, judged by what people  out in the country want to see.   Republicans, Independents, Democrats coming off of the 2016 election  said to this Congress: ``Protect our house.'' Not this House, the  United States of America. ``Protect our elections from foreign  interference.''   That wasn't just coming from Democrats. That wasn't a partisan voice  out in the wilderness. That was everybody saying it, including  Republicans and Independents.   So the fact that the Republicans don't want to get on a bill that  Americans want to see doesn't make the bill partisan. It means that  Republicans are not listening carefully enough to what the American  people want to see.   We have tried now, three times--three times--to get our Republican  colleagues to support these basic measures that would safeguard the  integrity of our elections. H.R. 1, the For the People Act, contained  many of the same provisions.   I get it. I heard what you said: Oh, the bill is too big. It does  these other things. We love the election security stuff--we can go get  those quotes from the H.R. 1 debate--oh, if you would just do the  election security or the ballot box security measures to protect our  elections, we would be on that in a minute.   Well, you got a second chance, a second bite at the apple with the  SAFE Act. I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren) for  shepherding that through the committee, the SAFE Act, that would  protect the ballot box.   But did Republicans vote for that to protect our democracy? No, they  missed the second. Strike two.   So now we have the SHIELD Act to protect us against foreign  interference, foreign money coming into our elections and trying to  influence the outcome, misinformation campaigns coming from overseas,  all this interference that we have to push back on, that the American  people are concerned about.   So here you get a third chance to show that you want to protect our  elections and safeguard our elections. This is the opportunity to stand  up, support what the American people want to see, which is us  protecting our democracy.   