 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, as we work to rebuild from hurricanes, flooding, and  other natural disasters through this supplemental appropriations bill,  I am glad the Appropriations Committee included funding to improve U.S.  weather forecasting, modeling, and computing capabilities.   Improving our forecasting abilities can save lives and protect  property, which is exactly the mission charged to the National Weather  Service. My amendment adds an additional $5 million for NOAA's weather  forecasting, modeling, and cloud computing programs and helps  accelerate implementation of the new Earth Prediction Innovation  Center, or EPIC, for short.   Congress authorized EPIC late last year to serve as a center of  excellence to create an agile, focused, and measurable approach to  community involvement in improving weather forecasting. The center will  create a community global weather research modeling system that is  publicly available to encourage collaboration. It will also strengthen  NOAA's ability to undertake innovative research projects.   Importantly, EPIC has an opportunity to continue breaking down  barriers by accelerating the transfer of research to operations and  operations to research, which will improve our weather forecasting  enterprise. Improving these capabilities will help everyone across the  country, and I urge all my colleagues to support my amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Serrano).    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman, and as there is  no opposition, I will close.   Madam Chair, I would urge support for this amendment. I see my  friend, Mr. Dunn, who has been in front of the Rules Committee half a  dozen times on issues relating to this disaster relief bill and the  impact that it has had on his State, Florida, and all of the Southeast  United States and throughout the Midwest.   We have heard the gentlewoman from Texas make a great case for this  bill, generally.   Madam Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I urge support of  the overall disaster relief bill. We need it now, not later.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   