 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the past few months, the Members of  this body and the Members of the U.S. House of Representatives  resoundingly have voted in favor of S.J. Res. 7, which would remove  U.S. Armed Forces from Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen. This  unconstitutional, unjustified, and ultimately immoral war has  repeatedly come up over the last year, and thankfully America's elected  lawmakers in Washington have taken a stand against it.   The President has vetoed our resolution, but today we have the  opportunity--and I believe we have the absolute constitutional duty--to  once again take a stand on this important matter. Today, we have the  opportunity to override the veto in pursuit of justice, prudence, and  upholding the constitutionally mandated separation of powers. This is  one of the most important, fundamental features of our constitutional  system. Congress and Congress alone may declare war. This is in direct  contrast to the way our old national government--the one in London-- worked. Under that system, the chief executive could take the country  to war, but not in America, not under our system, not in the U.S.  Constitution. In fact, it is one of the distinguishing characteristics  pointed out in Federalist 69.   As we have already heard, the humanitarian crisis in Yemen is dire,  and estimates show that the crisis is even worse than we had previously  thought. The Yemen war has claimed the lives of tens of thousands of  people, including a whole lot of innocent civilians in attacks that can  only be described as horrific. It is believed that from 2016 to 2018,  over 60,000 combatants and civilians were killed in direct violence  attached to this war, but the full scale of suffering from starvation,  poverty, and disease is even more staggering than the stark numbers  that I have just quoted involving direct combat or direct violence.   Over half of the population of Yemen is considered currently to be in  the crisis stage of famine. An estimated 3.3 million children are  malnourished, and over 84,000 children have died just between the start  of the war in 2015 and October of 2018. Poor water and sanitation  conditions have also led to the largest cholera outbreak in history,  with more than 1.3 million suspected cases and over 2,600 related  deaths since the April 2017 outbreak.   Contrary to the claims of some of our critics, the United States has,  in fact, been aiding and abetting the horrors of this war. Indeed,  these critics claim that we have somehow not been involved in a war in  Yemen. But in March of 2015, shortly after Saudi Arabia launched its  war against the Houthi rebels, the Obama administration authorized U.S.  military forces to provide ``logistical and intelligence support'' to  the Saudi coalition. The  [[Page S2589]]  Obama administration provided this authorization without any kind of  approval from Congress. Since then, we have helped the Saudis with  surveillance, reconnaissance and information, target selection  assistance, and, until quite recently, with midair refueling, including  midair refueling involving combat missions. In other words, we have  been materially assisting a foreign power in its efforts to bomb its  adversaries and sometimes helping that foreign power to bomb innocent  civilians on the ground in the process. Other opponents of our  resolution claim that our involvement in this undeclared,  unconstitutional, immoral civil war half a world away in Yemen is  somehow constitutional, is somehow statutorily authorized under the War  Powers Act of 1973, which authorizes the executive branch to use Armed  Forces in cases of emergencies and under certain limited time  constraints.   The conflict in Yemen--a conflict between a regional rebel group on  the one hand and the Saudi-backed government on the other hand--by no  means constitutes or in any way presents a threat to the safety of  American citizens in the United States, and our involvement has far  surpassed the allotment of any emergency time constraint contemplated  under the war powers resolution. Still others say that we are not  engaged in ``hostilities'' that constitute a conflict of war under the  War Powers Act. But these critics, of course, are relying on an overly  narrow and outdated definition from a 1976 memorandum--a memorandum, I  would add, internal to the executive branch. In that respect, it is  self-serving and one that does not include the indisputably high-tech  activities of war today.   The way we fight wars today often ends up involving cyber activity,  reconnaissance, surveillance, and target selection--the precise  activities we are engaged in in this war in Yemen. Even aside from  that, under the War Powers Act, we ourselves do not have to be involved  in hostilities. We don't have to establish that in order to trigger the  War Powers Act--that we are involved in hostilities. The War Powers Act  is triggered so long as we are sufficiently involved with the armed  forces of another nation, when they--those armed forces of another  nation--are themselves involved in hostilities. There can be no doubt  in our minds--not in my mind, in your mind, not in the mind of any  American--that the Saudis are engaged in hostilities in Yemen, and we  are helping them. So it is immaterial; it is completely inconsequential  if you accept this crab, self-serving, narrow, outdated definition of  the word ``hostilities'' found in this 1976 Department of Defense  memorandum.   Finally, some opponents of this effort, of this resolution to call  for our withdrawal from this undeclared, unconstitutional, immoral war  in Yemen, are saying that removing U.S. forces would somehow hurt our  efforts to combat terrorism in the region, specifically against al- Qaida and ISIS, and would endanger the lives of American citizens and  soldiers. In the first place, these critics are dangerously conflating  different geopolitical conflicts. The conflict in Yemen is a regional,  civil war. It is not about al-Qaida. It is not about ISIS. Even if it  were, our resolution, S.J. Res. 7, the one we are talking about today  in the context of a veto override debate--that resolution explicitly  states that it would not impede the military's ability to fight these  terror groups. Furthermore, there is evidence that our involvement in  Yemen might well have--in fact, probably has--further destabilized the  region and that it has actually undermined the effort against al- Qaida's affiliates. A 2016 State Department report found that the  conflict between the Saudi-led forces and the Houthi insurgents has  actually helped al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP,  and ISIS's Yemen branch to ``deepen their inroads across much of the  country.''    So, no, involvement in Yemen is far from being in the best interest  of the United States--not in the slightest, not even by a shred. Every  day it only becomes clearer and clearer that Saudi Arabia is not an  ally that deserves our unwavering, unflinching, unquestioning support  and military intervention, especially when our own security--the  security of the American people on U.S. soil--is not on the line.   Last October, there was of course the killing of Jamal Khashoggi. In  February, a report came out suggesting that the United Arab Emirates  have actually transferred American-made weapons to al-Qaida-linked  fighters and other military groups. In other words, the Saudi-led  coalition is possibly giving our own weapons, in violation of our own  end user agreements with them, to the very terrorist groups we are  trying to fight, the very terrorist groups that opponents of this  resolution incorrectly suggest would benefit from the passage of this  resolution.   Just this past week, news surfaced that the Saudis ruthlessly  beheaded 37 men who were mainly minority Shia Muslims, 5 of them gay  men who were suspected to have been tortured into a confession. Perhaps  we ought not be supporting that regime at all. Perhaps we ought not  give unflinching, unwavering, unquestioning devotion to a regime that  treats its own people that way and that has harmed others in its own  region in the way that it has. At a bare minimum, we should not be  fighting an unjust civil war on their behalf, half a world away,  without congressional authorization.   Article I, section 8 of the Constitution unequivocally states that  Congress shall have the power to declare war--Congress, not the  President, not the Pentagon, not someone else in the executive branch,  not some expert anywhere in the executive branch of government, but  Congress. They did so. They made it this way because they understood  that the decision about whether to go to war is a decision fraught with  immense moral peril. There is nothing pretty about war. It always, when  we face such a decision, involves a decision to put American treasure  and American blood on the line. Even if you think that with modern-day  weaponry and/or the modern way in which we fight wars--if you think  that American blood and treasure is not being put on the line, that  simply isn't true. That is exactly why the Founding Fathers placed this  power in the legislative branch where it can be exercised squarely in  front of the American people by their elected Representatives. This  power was always intended to be exercised only by the branch of  government most accountable to the people at the most regular intervals  because of the moral peril necessarily involved in any decision to go  to war--moral peril involving the use of U.S. resources, the putting on  the line of American blood, and also the moral peril that it creates  wherever we are going to war.   If you truly believe that our involvement in Yemen is crucial to the  safety of American citizens and America's best interests generally,  that is all the more reason to debate it and discuss it right here,  right now. In fact, the Constitution demands it. It already is the law.  We have to do this. If you are so confident that we should be involved  in this war, let's debate it. Let's vote on it. Let's let the American  people see what we are about. Let's let the American people have some  say in the extent to which we put America's good name, its treasure,  and its blood on the line.   Today, we still have an opportunity to have a say, to take a stand  over this most grave matter. I urge my colleagues to take it.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   