 Mr. President, we don't have any more time to waste on  political stunts, on climate denial or, for that matter, on climate  ``delay-al.'' Enough with the straw man arguments from my Republican  colleagues about hamburgers and ``Sharknado.'' Is that really the best  they can do?   Climate change is real, and our pollution is causing its devastating  impacts. Those are just facts.   As an engineer, I am certain our capacity to confront this challenge  rests heavily on our ability to make policy that is actually driven by  facts, by data, and by the best available science. That science  provides us with clear and indisputable evidence that the destructive  wildfires, hurricanes, and flooding we have seen are directly linked to  human-caused climate change.   We are running out of time. It is past time for us to start  implementing real solutions to eliminate our carbon pollution and  mitigate the most devastating effects of climate change, and we must  create a managed transition to an economy that is run on 100 percent  clean energy. I encourage us to look to what just happened in my home  State of New Mexico to see that this is possible, that it is not pie in  the sky.   For more than a century, New Mexico has been a major part of our  carbon-based economy--from coal, to oil, to gas. Yet, just last week,  our new Governor, Michelle Lujan Grisham, signed into law sweeping  legislation to move our State toward being a 100-percent carbon-free  power sector by 2045. I am enormously proud of the hard work that has  led to there being this landmark legislation. This major transition to  clean energy will change our State and our economy for the better.   New Mexicans will save money in their monthly bills. Along the way,  we will create thousands of new, high-paying jobs across our State,  including in the communities that will be impacted by this transition.  We are already seeing the massive economic potential of clean energy  with the enormous wind farms and solar plants that are coming on line  all across our State. Every new project brings new jobs and brings  millions--sometimes billions--of dollars of investment.   That is the kind of action we need to take in the U.S. Senate. The  United States can and must lead the way in this transition. That is why  we are challenging Majority Leader McConnell to put an end to the  political stunts.   Leader McConnell, bring your solutions to the floor. Let's get to  work together.   I yield the remainder of my time to Senator Whitehouse of Rhode  Island, who has been an incredible leader on this issue.   