 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Medicaid Extenders Act of  2019. The Medicaid Extenders Act of 2019 includes legislation that I  worked on, the EMPOWER Care Act, which will extend the vital Money  Follows the Person program.   The Money Follows the Person program allows certain Medicaid  beneficiaries, such as the elderly or individuals with disabilities, to  transition from healthcare facilities to receiving care in their own  homes or communities, if they choose to do so. This program empowers  patients to choose the care that makes the most sense for them while  saving taxpayers money.   Kentucky Transitions, which operates the Money Follows the Person in  my home State, has helped hundreds of Kentuckians transition to  receiving care in their homes or their communities.   I thank Congresswoman Debbie Dingell for working so hard on this  legislation and working together on this bipartisan piece of  legislation. I thank the chairman's kind words as he was talking about  this legislation. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Pandemic and  All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2019, which  includes legislation to update the over-the-counter monograph system.   Our healthcare system is innovating rapidly, and the Food and Drug  Administration can't keep up. The FDA's approval system for over-the- counter medications has not been updated since the 1970s. By updating  the monograph approval system, we make it easier for over-the-counter  medicines to reach the market, providing an affordable way for  Americans to access healthcare treatment.   I was proud to work on over-the-counter monograph reform last  Congress with a number of my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce  Committee, with the efforts being led by Congressman Bob Latta, and it  was bipartisan.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill on the floor  today.   