 Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1 is yet another case of Democrats  attempting a power grab from the States with no regard for the  Constitution and States' powers. The bill completely disregards the  fact that most States have successfully adopted their own process for a  fair and honest and constitutional election.   Thirty-eight States, including my home State of Alabama, have already  implemented some type of online voter registration, most with  safeguards to protect against fraud. Each State is different and has  unique circumstances and challenges that only the State and local  legislators can effectively address.   For instance, in Alabama, where we require voter identification, our  election officials recognize the rural nature of the State and have  taken steps to ensure that every person has a form of ID, which is  required to vote.   Alabama accepts seven different types of ID, including a student or  employee ID. They can get a voter ID card for free. The State even goes  so far as to have a mobile ID unit that will pick people up and take  them to an ID center at no expense.   That is why a Federal judge recently threw out a lawsuit against the  ID law because, in the judge's words: There is no person who is  qualified to register to vote who cannot get a photo ID.   One of the most important requirements for eligibility to vote is  citizenship. H.R. 1 requires States to maintain online voter  registration with no safeguards. They can simply upload an electronic  signature without any validation through a DMV database.   Many officials from States that have implemented online voter  registration will tell you that a huge obstacle is cybersecurity. Any  time parts of the process are connected to the internet, it opens it up  to hacking attempts.   My Democratic colleagues have spent the better part of 2 years  alleging there was Russian influence on the 2016 election. Now they  want to invite China to the party? What about Iran and North Korea?   Just this week, FBI Director Wray was asked if China's digital threat  was overblown. He responded: There is nothing like it.   Voter fraud and registration fraud are real threats to elections.    Mr. Chairman, the Texas Attorney General recently  indicted four people as part of a vote fraud ring funded by the Texas  Democratic Party. Under the new automatic registration scheme in  California, they admitted to registering 25,000 ineligible voters,  including noncitizens. This bill even allows felons to register to  vote, even those who are felons for voter fraud.   Each State is unique, with their own circumstances and challenges.  Elections are a State matter, not a Federal matter. We should continue  to allow the States to act on their own and implement policies that  work best for their State rather than cede the fundamental base of our  liberty: our right to choose our leaders in honest and fair elections.   