 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for not only her  service but also this Special Order. This is such an important issue.   Madam Speaker, having spent so many nights all night on the border,  it is incredible what you see down there. But what is even worse is  what the Border Patrol can tell you about, things that you can find on  the internet, there are videos and there are pictures. I have  daughters, and there are some things I would just rather not see.   But as long as our border is porous and as long as we don't have a  wall or a fence where we need it, people are being drawn into this  country. Mexico alone has about 130 million people. Obviously we can't  have an influx of 100 million people without destroying the economy,  and then we are no longer able to provide light to so much of the  world.   But if we secure our border--wall, fence, barrier--where we need it,  it cuts off the tens of billions--maybe over 100 billion now--going to  the drug cartels and the corruption comes to a crawl. But as long as we  have this porous border, we are funding some of the most evil and  horrendous human tragedy that is going on anywhere in the world.   The police try to stand up--it is not hard to see pictures, find the  stories--mayor--they end up with their head cut off and put on a pike.   How callous, how mean-spirited does somebody have to be and how  politically driven to say ``we don't care about that''? This is a  political issue. We don't want the President to have a win, so we are  just going to let the border stay as porous as it is.   They talk of rape trees where women are tied to the trees and  repeatedly raped. Objectively groups say that maybe 37 percent or more  are molested sexually, normally multiple times. How callous do you have  to be to say, yeah, but this is political. It is helping our party. We  want to keep it going.   It is time to do the right thing by the people of the United States  and, for heaven's sake, to do the right thing by the people of Mexico.    