 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for  yielding, and I am proud to rise today in support of the bipartisan  PACT Act to hold Turkey accountable for its destabilizing and dangerous  decision to invade northern Syria and attack America's Kurdish allies.   After years of fighting side by side with American forces against  ISIS, Syrian Kurds are now under siege and fleeing their homes.  According to the United Nations, over 180,000 people have been  displaced, including 80,000 children. Many are fleeing to the Kurdistan  region of Iraq, which already hosts over 200,000 refugees from the  Syrian civil war.   Turkey's reckless actions have created a humanitarian crisis that  will strain our partners in the region and provide ISIS with an  opportunity to reemerge as a threat to the United States.   The international community must come together to provide assistance  to Kurds and refugees in both Syria and Iraq.   The U.S. Special Envoy for Syria also told Congress last week that  there have been several incidents of potential war crimes committed by  Turkey or its proxies, including the use of white phosphorus, which can  be used as a chemical weapon on civilians and in extrajudicial  killings.   We cannot stand idly by while Turkey undermines the fight against  ISIS, attacks our Kurdish allies, and puts hundreds of thousands of  innocent civilians in harm's way.   These sanctions are an appropriate response that holds Turkey  responsible for its actions and provides incentives for President  Erdogan to change course.   One thing I learned during my time as an undercover officer in the  CIA is that America only succeeds when our enemies fear us and our  allies trust us.   As members of NATO, both the U.S. and Turkey have committed to unite  their efforts for collective defense and for preservation of peace and  security. I hope our Turkish counterparts will recommit to these  principles and work with us to address shared security concerns and  protect the successes of joint U.S.-Kurdish efforts to drive ISIS out  of Syria.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friends, the gentleman from New York and the  gentleman from Texas, for their work and their commitment on this  important, bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   