 Mr. President, yesterday, I went to the Senate floor  to ask unanimous consent on the DETER Act, bipartisan legislation that  I authored alongside Senator Rubio that is languishing in the Senate  legislative graveyard.   The DETER Act is absolutely critical to protect our democracy from  foreign interference. It serves a clear, simple, and essential purpose.  It says to Russia and any other foreign power that, if they interfere  in our elections and undermine the integrity of our democracy, they  will face severe consequences in the form of tough sanctions. Foreign  interference in our elections remains as critical a threat as ever.  That is why, on November 5, seven U.S. Federal agencies jointly stated,  ``Russia, China, Iran, and other foreign malicious actors all will seek  to interfere in the voting process or influence voter perceptions.  Adversaries may try to accomplish their goals through a variety of  means, including social media campaigns, directing disinformation  operations, or conducting disruptive or destructive cyberattacks on  state and local infrastructure.''   The Senate endorsed the inclusion of this bill in this year's  National Defense Authorization Act, unanimously passing a resolution in  the fall instructing NDAA conferees to include such a provision in the  conference report. However, the Republican leadership has stonewalled  the inclusion of this bill in the NDAA. Instead, we are voting this  week on two Ninth Circuit judicial nominees of dubious qualifications,  including one who was rated ``Unqualified'' by the American Bar  Association, ABA.   Circuit courts play an important role in our country. Circuit court  judges review the decisions of district court judges. Instead of  nominating experienced jurists, Republicans have chosen to advance two  nominees, Messrs. Bumatay and VanDyke, neither of whom have absolutely  any experience as judges, at the Sate or Federal level. Mr. VanDyke was  harshly described by his peers and colleagues as someone who is  ``arrogant and disrespectful to others, both in and outside of this  office. He avoids work. He does not have the skills to perform, nor  desire to learn how to perform, the work of a lawyer.'' This harsh  criticism of a judicial nominee from their peers is extremely rare and  factored in heavily into the ABA's ``Unqualified'' rating.   Instead of trying to confirm unqualified radical ideologues to the  bench, Republicans should be working across the aisle to pass  bipartisan legislation to secure our elections and address other  national priorities. Failing to do so is a dereliction of our duty.   