 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the career of my  longtime chief of staff, staff director of the Democratic staff on the  Senate Banking Committee, former staff director for Republicans on the  HELP Committee, and my good friend Mark Powden.   Mark is the model of a public servant and of a Senate staffer. He  spent decades serving in these Halls, first for Senator Jeffords, and  then, in 2007, he joined my office, becoming my chief of staff less  than 2 years later.   I was a brandnew Senator. I still had a lot to learn. There were few  better teachers in this institution and this city than Mark Powden. He  helped steer our office in its early days, setting up a well-oiled  machine, I would like to think, that would serve Ohioans at home and  advocate for them in Washington. Under Mark's leadership, we delivered  results for the 12 million people in Ohio.   When the country wanted to write off the American auto industry, we  said no. We weren't going to abandon this industry and millions of  American workers--literally hundreds of thousands in Ohio. Mark was  passionate about making sure we got the best deal possible for Ohio  workers. It wasn't just auto workers.   Mark took over the job as chief of staff in my office during the  depths of the recession around the time President Obama took office,  after the economy was tanking with a loss of 800,000 jobs a month at  the end of the Bush administration. Ohio had lost 423,000 jobs over a  2-year period--nearly 8 percent of the jobs in the State. Under Mark's  leadership, we worked to create the Hardest Hit Fund, which targeted  resources to communities in places like Ohio that had been devastated  by the financial crisis. Mark and so many others have heard me say that  the ZIP Code where my wife Connie and I live in Cleveland, OH--ZIP Code  44105--at that point, in the first half of 2007, there were more  foreclosures in that ZIP Code than in any other ZIP Code in the United  States of America.   Mark always made sure that investing in Ohio was a priority. We  helped secure $100 million to expand cancer research and treatment at  the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center and James Cancer  Hospital.   Through all of these accomplishments, Mark remained true to his  Vermont roots. It is where he grew up. His first major job in  Washington was with a Republican in those days, a Senator from Vermont.  He tried his hardest always to bring Vermont's bucolic vales to the  Nation's Capital, and he maintained the utmost respect for the  institution of the Senate.   He had an incredible wealth of knowledge on the history of this place  and on legislative procedure and tradition, and he passed it on to  other staffers--from my new chief of staff, when Mark moved over to  lead the Senate Banking Committee, to the LCs new to the Senate, hoping  to learn. We will miss all that about Mark Powden.   I will miss Mark's counsel. I will miss his hard work. I will miss  his sense of humor. I will miss his modesty. I will particularly miss  his farmer jokes that he tells so well after growing up in rural  Vermont. It is not surprising that Mark would not want to be here today  as I honor him because he just doesn't want to show up to be honored.  But after decades in public service, he has earned a long retirement  with his wife Wendy; his two sons, Joseph and Russell; and his entire  family.   Mark, thank you for what you did for me, thank you for what you did  for our State, and thank you for what you do for our country.   I would add to this that one of the people Mark helped to teach is  with me on the floor today. She is about to join a Presidential  campaign. Her name is Hannah Fine. I want to recognize her service.  This is the first time, I believe, she has been on the Senate floor for  a moment like this. So, Hannah, thank you.   