 Madam Speaker, on July 10, 2018, a natural gas leak in Sun  Prairie, Wisconsin resulted in an explosion that killed Fire Captain  Cory James Barr. Captain Barr was a first responder on the scene of the  explosion and gave his life while working to save more than one hundred  people.   Captain Barr was a beloved member of the Sun Prairie community for 30  years. He was born on February 28, 1984 to parents Jack and Janet Barr,  and was a brother to siblings Kim and Chad. He is survived by his wife,  Abby, and twin daughters, Hailey and Aubrey.   Captain Barr first volunteered with the Sun Prairie Fire Department  at age 18, earning him the distinction of the youngest firefighter in  the department's history. In addition to his contributions to the fire  department, Captain Barr owned The Barr House in downtown Sun Prairie  and worked as a realtor. He is remembered as an outgoing, dedicated man  who touched the lives of all his fellow community members.   Hundreds of first responders attended a memorial service in July 2018  to celebrate Captain Barr's life. Sun Prairie Fire Chief Christopher  Garrison spoke to his commitment to the department and the community:  ``If Cory could say something right now he would do everything the same  way all over again. No resistance. No stepping back. He would face the  danger and do it all over again.'' Other speakers echoed Chief  Garrison's sentiments and added that Captain Barr was a loving husband  and father to his wife and daughters.   The Sun Prairie Education Foundation has honored Captain Barr with  the Cory Barr Education Memorial Fund. His classmates from the Sun  Prairie High School Class of 2002 created the Cory Barr Fire Academy  Fund to support the county's firefighter training program for high  school students. Captain Barr's service to his community has now earned  recognition from Congress by dedicating the Sun Prairie Post Office in  his memory. Captain Barr's legacy will live on as an inspiration to  young firefighters in Sun Prairie and across Wisconsin.   