 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding.   I am opposed to H.J. Res. 37, Mr. Chair. This resolution is poor  policy and will not achieve the aims of those who support it. That is  really the crux of the issue here.   My colleagues are using this resolution to express their concerns  with the actions of Saudi Arabia and the status of the war in Yemen,  disregarding the dangerous precedent this resolution will send.   The joint resolution improperly expands the definition of hostilities  to include non-U.S. military operations by third countries. This bill  then reinterprets the U.S. activities in support of those countries as  U.S. engagements in said hostilities.   The Department of Defense and the White House have both correctly  stated that, under the longstanding definition of hostilities, the  United States is not engaged in such in Yemen.   In order to force a privileged measure in the Senate, my colleagues  had to expand and distort the definitions in the War Powers Resolution  to achieve their goals. This is absolutely poor policy, and we cannot  support such a measure.   The misuse of this privileged tool endangers U.S. security  cooperation with over 100 partners around the world, to include Israel,  NATO, and many antiterror allies.   Now, I understand my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are  unhappy with the actions taken by Saudi Arabia. Frankly, I am as well.  Unfortunately, we live in an imperfect world, Mr. Chairman, with  imperfect actors. We must deal with the reality of geopolitics in the  way that they are and not the way that we wish they would be.   We and I find many of the things the Saudis to be doing horrific,  including the murder of Muslim Brotherhood member Khashoggi. I was one  of the first people to go on the record demanding the declassification  of the 9/11 report concerning Saudi Arabia, but this will not be the  first action Saudi Arabia takes that is counter to our beliefs here in  the United States. During the first 4 months of 2017, Saudi Arabia  beheaded 48 people.    Mr. Chair, according to the reports, half of those deaths  were for nonviolent drug charges. The Saudi Kingdom executes its  citizens for blasphemy and crimes against the state, actions that are  protected under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.   I understand that we are dissatisfied--I am, too--but using poor  policy to terminate U.S. assistance will not improve conditions in  Yemen. Iran's own IRGC commander openly admitted that Iran provides  military assistance to the Houthis in Yemen.   In this body, we can choose to stand with Iran or the Houthis or, as  I suggest, to stand with Israel and Saudi Arabia.  [[Page H1547]]    Mr. Chair, this resolution is not the right step. It is poor policy.  I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no.''   