 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to  this bill.   For months, Republicans on and off the Homeland Security Committee  have been highlighting the grave humanitarian crisis at our southwest  border and pleading with House Democrats to take action.   The Democrats' initial response was to deny a crisis even existed.  When that failed, they began to try to blame the President.   The truth is that they have spent the past several months fighting  amongst themselves on a way forward. Even as late as today, the Speaker  had to intervene to stop the radical left in her Caucus from sinking  the bill.   Meanwhile, the crisis has worsened. Madam Speaker, in May alone,  144,000 immigrants were detained, a 622 percent increase over the same  month in 2017.   Innocent children are being exploited by human smugglers.   Border Patrol stations are overcrowded with thousands of migrants  staying in poor conditions. These are in stations, Border Patrol  processing centers, that have a maximum capacity of 4,000 people. We  have 20,000 people in these facilities.   For 8 weeks, the House Republicans have been trying to move my  legislation to provide $4.5 billion in emergency aid requested by our  President, but Democrats have blocked my bill from consideration on 18  separate occasions.   Instead, they bring forward a bill today that isn't serious and has  no chance of becoming law. To appease the radical left, this bill is  stuffed with poison pills.   For example, it includes nothing to stop innocent children from being  exploited by human smugglers and nothing to continue DOD assistance,  which has been essential for managing the crisis. It includes drastic  restrictions on the Secretary's authority to surge personnel and assets  to the border and update policies to improve conditions for migrant  children.   These poison pills will only exacerbate the crisis. They will ensure  that dangerous catch-and-release policies continue unabated. Meanwhile,  migrant families will continue to suffer at the hands of ruthless  smugglers.   Democrats had a real opportunity to work in a bipartisan manner to  address this humanitarian crisis. Unfortunately, once again, they chose  to appease the radical left and reject bipartisan consensus.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to vote against this bill. Then,  let's work together to craft a bipartisan border supplemental that can  become law.    