 Mr. President, our Democratic leader has set three  plain and very obvious questions about fossil fuel-burning carbon  emissions and climate change that should be easily answered by every  single Member of the Senate, and the fact that this is a problem is a  clear indication of fossil fuel influence in this body--the regrettable  extent of fossil fuel influence in this body.   It was not always this way. Here is a letter that a number of us came  to the floor to talk about yesterday. The letter was written December  23, 1986. There had been hearings on climate change in the Environment  and Public Works Committee, and a bipartisan group of Senators wanted  some answers. They wrote this letter to what then existed, an Office of  Technology Assessment for the Congress, inquiring about how serious  they felt this was and what could be done about it, signed by Senator  Stafford, Senator Chafee, Senator Durenberger, and three Democrats in  1986. I do not believe that a Republican Senator could be found to sign  this letter today.   I got here in 2007, and for that year, and in 2008 and 2009, we had  multiple bipartisan climate bills being discussed in this body. Over  and over again, there were a Democrat and Republican who got together  and worked to try to solve the climate problem--more than a decade ago.  We have seen bipartisanship on this issue.   We have even seen, in 2009, this New York Times full-page  advertisement signed by Donald J. Trump, which said that the science of  climate change is ``scientifically irrefutable.'' Those were his words,  not mine, in 2009, which said that if we don't act there would be  ``catastrophic and irreversible consequences for humanity and our  planet''--his words, not mine. That was 1986, that was 2007, and this  was 2009.   Then something happened. Citizens United got decided by the Supreme  Court or, to be fair to the Supreme Court, Citizens United got decided  by five Republican appointees on the Supreme Court.   In my view, the fossil fuel industry asked for that decision,  predicted that decision, and they were off like a sprinter at the gun  when they got that decision. From that moment, all of that bipartisan  activity on climate change here in the Senate ended, and it ended  because the fossil fuel industry was allowed to spend unlimited money  in politics. They found out how to spend unlimited dark money in  politics. It is politically obvious that if one can spend unlimited  money in politics, one can also threaten to spend unlimited money in  politics. So between the unlimited spending and the unlimited,  anonymous dark money spending and whatever they did in the way of  threats and promises, it has been like a heart attack--flatlined--here  in the Senate, since that moment. It is a tragedy.   In fact, if you go back to this letter for a minute, there were six  signatories. We couldn't get six States to come to the floor yesterday  because one of these States has two Republican Senators, and we  couldn't get either of them to come to the floor.   I don't know what has happened to the Republican Party that they  can't take this seriously even now--even as States like Florida are  flooding on sunny days, even as States see wildfires they have never  seen before, even as farmers are recording drought and flood conditions  that are unprecedented, even as my State looks forward to 5 or 6 feet  of sea level rise.   And then we got a clue as to what goes on here. This is a letter that  was written on behalf of Andrew Wheeler, who is the slightly cleaned-up  version of Scott Pruitt and who is pending before us to lead the  Environmental Protection Agency. It ought to tell us a lot that the  Republicans put up a coal lobbyist to represent the people of America  leading the Environmental Protection Agency.   What tells you a lot also is this letter of support for this guy. Who  is on it? These are these phony-baloney front group organizations  funded by the fossil fuel industry that got together to write this  letter:   The Heartland Institute. Koch-affiliated groups gave it $7.18  million, and $730,000 came from Exxon. Heartland is such a slippery,  slimy group that they compared climate scientists to the Unabomber.  That is the company that they travel in.   The Cornwall Alliance. Secret funding--we don't know, but they are  always in this climate-denier fringe crowd. The founder doesn't believe  in evolution. He said that tornadoes are a punishment from God, and  that AIDS is punishment for being gay. You are running in great company  with them, guys.   FreedomWorks is next. They received $2.5 million from Koch-affiliated  groups, and at least $130,000 from the American Petroleum Institute.   The Competitive Enterprise Institute is next, with at least $2  million given from Exxon, and Koch-affiliated groups gave at least $5.2  million.  [[Page S1560]]    Americans for Prosperity. This is basically the hit squad for the  Kochs in politics. It is one of the largest dark-money election  spenders, spending more than $70 million since Citizens United on  Federal elections. They received a minimum of $12 million, that we know  of, in funding from the Kochs and more than $23 million from the Koch- linked Donors Trust. Donors Trust, by the way, is a big enterprise  whose sole purpose is to launder away the identity of big donors so  that their money can flow without people knowing who is behind it.   Americans for Limited Government received at least $5.6 million from  Koch-affiliated groups.   Freedom Partners is described as ``the Koch brothers' secret bank.''  It has spent more than $55 million in dark money on Federal elections  since Citizens United and received at least $3 million from the Kochs,  but, as usual, its funders are shrouded in secrecy.   Americans for Tax Reform. The American Petroleum Institute gave at  least $525,000, and Koch-affiliated groups gave at least $330,000.   The Energy and Environmental Legal Institute received at least half a  million dollars from Koch-affiliated groups.   CFACT received at least $580,000 in funding from Exxon and more than  $8 million from Koch-linked groups.   Then, at the bottom is this little Caesar Rodney Institute, which is  part of the larger State Policy Network, funded by the Kochs to spread  their propaganda and poison into State legislatures.   This crew of fossil-fuel-funded, climate-denying front groups have  received a minimum of more than $63 million from the fossil fuel  industry, and this is why we have Andrew Wheeler, a coal lobbyist,  lined up to run our environmental agency in this country.   I yield the floor.   