 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues, first of  all, in, yes, opposing this Green New Deal, this joint resolution, that  is full of so many dangerous policies and positions. But before I get  into my reasons for that, let me also join my colleague from Wyoming in  saying I am for the things he is for and even more--carbon capture,  utilization, and storage, refined coal, all kinds of ways that we can  accomplish the same goals together, with realistic proposals, not  fantasies.   Let me also say something that should warm the heart of our colleague  from Massachusetts. The Koch brothers strongly opposed my candidacy and  my election to the U.S. Senate. I owe them nothing, and I am grateful.   You know, I wasn't always this pessimistic about the possibilities in  this Chamber. I believe, in fact, that divided government presents an  opportunity for the parties to come together to find common ground and  to have legislative victories based on shared goals and shared values.  I hope we can get back to that.   I had hoped for it even on controversial issues, like immigration and  healthcare, and I certainly hoped for it on energy policy, but when I  heard that the Democrats were proposing this Green New Deal, I didn't  view it as an opportunity for political gamesmanship. I viewed it as an  opportunity to find common ground, to compromise, to find balance, and  to negotiate the way that I believe our founders intended it.   I don't think killing innovators with something like a Green New Deal  is how we accomplish the goals they say they are for in their Green New  Deal.   You can imagine my disappointment when I read the contents of this  joint resolution. The Green New Deal is not serious policy. It is a  fantasy. I am personally disappointed to see so many of my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle cosponsor this--especially those who are  seeking higher office--and ignore the realities.   Someone earlier mentioned that the Green New Deal never talks about  airplanes. No, but it does say that we want to transition to 100- percent renewable energy by 2030. Well, I don't know how you fly  airplanes without having fossil fuels.   As the Presiding Officer may have seen, in my State of North Dakota,  we are having a really, really cold winter. In fact, most of the Upper  Midwest is. The National Weather Service referred to a stretch of this  really cold weather earlier this winter as a polar vortex. We call it  winter.   Polar vortex or whatever you want to call it, it has been a rough  winter. Rough winters aren't rare or new to us, but this one has been  particularly cold. We were well below zero several days in a row. In  fact, during the polar vortex, one day the wind chill was well below 50  degrees below. By the way, for those of you from the South, 50 below is  below zero--zero. It is a really low number.   But I believe there are some facts that have been left out related to  how this will affect human health.   On January 1, in Hettinger, ND, it reached 42 degrees below zero  without wind chill. That is real temperature. Again, that has happened  in many communities throughout the State.   During these low temperatures, guess what doesn't happen. The wind  doesn't blow, and when the wind doesn't blow, windmills stop providing  energy, and they actually start consuming it. When I was a regulator, I  cited a couple thousand megawatts of wind turbines in North Dakota.   When the energy can't be produced by wind turbines, it turns to gas,  and, then, guess what happens. Natural gas providers have to ask their  customers to curtail their gas consumption because they need the gas  for a more firm supply of electricity that backs up the wind turbines.   Again, I was a utility regulator. I saw this happen a lot, and it  happened just a couple of weeks ago in the Midwest.   Can you imagine that when temperatures drop below minus 22 degrees  and wind turbines stop working? That means that many North Dakotans,  like my mom and my grandchildren, have to rely on intermittent  electricity to fill the gap caused by the cutbacks in gas. Do you see  the cycle of this? It is a circle. One bad thing leads to another bad  thing.   In this situation, it is when--not if--an electric outage occurs  during a polar vortex, it would be disastrous for the people of my  State and many others. This is a serious health risk, and I do not want  my friends and family to ever wonder if they will be able to warm their  homes when they need it the most.   Even if the Green New Deal were to pass, we could never afford it.  You have heard a lot of statements today from Members about the  expected cost of up to $93 trillion. You can argue that it is not $93  trillion--that it is only $90 trillion, it is only $80 trillion, or it  is only $50 trillion. It is too much. It is unaffordable. And $93  trillion is more than 90 percent of the combined wealth of all--I said  ``all''--American households in this country. It would cost every  American family as much as $65,000 per year, which, as you know, is  more than the average yearly household income.   A tax-and-spend agenda to pay for an energy plan that wouldn't even  work flies in the face of one of our Nation's greatest success  stories--our domestic energy production.   To a large degree, the U.S. rocket ship economy is being driven by  the energy renaissance happening all across our country, like in my  State of North Dakota. Our strategy of energy dominance encompasses an  ``all of the above'' approach--harnessing wind, oil, natural gas,  solar, nuclear, and, yes, coal potential.   Millions of Americans are employed by energy development, and that  number is only expected to grow.   In fact, in 2020 the United States will become a net energy exporter  for the first time. At the same time, emissions have steadily decreased  over the years, and it serves as a very important national security  hedge. Why would we halt this positive momentum and stymie promising  solutions?   The key to a better energy future is not taxation regulation but  innovation and empowerment, as so beautifully articulated by my friend  from Wyoming.    If these recent polar vortexes and cold winters taught us  anything, it is that we have a well-rounded energy policy that  encourages the best ideas. We need to be pragmatic and collaborative to  find solutions. That is not what defines this Green New Deal. It is  unrealistic, unworkable, and unaffordable.   I hope we never become so lopsided that my friends, neighbors, and  family back home are unable to turn the heat on when they need it the  most.   I yield the floor.   