 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, less than 10 days ago, this body missed a  perfect opportunity. You see, natural disasters are unpredictable, but  you know what isn't? Congress failing to do their job and prepare for  them.   For too long Washington has governed by crisis and shifted its  responsibility to adequately care for those in need, opting instead to  saddle our children and grandchildren with an impossible debt.   Then days ago, this body wanted to spend more than $19 billion with  no consideration of how to pay for it. Was it for a worthy cause?  Absolutely. Of course. I would hope that every dollar appropriated by  Congress is for a worthy cause. But as then-Representative Mike Pence  said in 2005, following the devastation of Hurricane Katrina, does  Congress have a duty to ensure that a catastrophe of nature does not  become a catastrophe of debt?   Congress should pay for these emergency packages by either cutting  spending in other areas that are less of a priority or responsibly  budgeting for them ahead of time.   Disaster aid shouldn't be added to the debt. That is akin to going to  the emergency room after an injury, putting the charges on a credit  card, and then pretending that credit card bill is never going to  arrive.   The bottom line is this, that even during an emergency, Washington  needs to pay its bills.   My amendment is relatively simple, Mr. Chair. My amendment would be a  1-year reallocation of the Department of State and USAID's bilateral  economic assistance and independent agency funds to cover the disaster  recovery.   Let me explain. Combined, these accounts amount to more than $23.9  billion and would fully cover the disaster recovery, including the  $5.87 billion in debt servicing costs of the borrowed funds, all while  prioritizing America's recovery and resiliency.   America is still the most philanthropic country in the world and  would continue to be.   Mr. Chair, this amendment recognizes our dire fiscal health by  reducing foreign aid during these times and prioritizing Americans and  American recovery efforts first.   As the President and this administration have said on multiple  occasions, we must prioritize our domestic needs first and put the  American citizens at the front of the line, especially during these  times of disaster relief and especially since we are the ones that will  foot the bill.   With these spending offsets, I believe we can show the American  people we are serious about their recovery from disasters in a fiscally  responsible manner that will not burden our future generations with  debt and despair.   Finally, we can help our neighbors and serve the Americans impacted  by natural disasters by prioritizing our families before foreign  interests.   Congress should take this opportunity to put America first and lead  responsibly.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. It is about  prioritizing domestic needs. It is about prioritizing these families  that have suffering. It is about prioritizing these children who are  suffering.   We need to be responsible.   Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for their  hard work in the appropriations process, but nowhere is this spending  disaster relief ever talked about. It is time that we do so.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   