 Mr. President, today I wish to recognize two  remarkable female leaders of the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot Tribes  in honor of National Women's History Month. Both Tribes have  reservations in the State of Connecticut and are an integral part of  our community. The women I recognize today represent so many other  Native American women who were strong in conviction, fearless in  leadership, and dedicated to preserving their Tribal identity.   Dr. Gladys Iola Tantaquidgeon was a Mohegan Medicine Woman born in  1899. After learning tribal spirituality and herbalism from her  ``grandmothers,'' Dr. Tantaquidgeon studied at the University of  Pennsylvania, writing in the field of anthropology and working with  noted anthropologist Frank Speck. She researched herbal medicine among  related east coast Tribes in order to broaden her Mohegan pharmacopeia.  For her impressive academic achievements, Dr. Tantaquidgeon received  honorary doctorates from the University of Connecticut and Yale  University. She was also inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of  Fame and received the National Organization for Women's Harriet Tubman  Award, the Connecticut Education Association's Friend of Education  Award, and numerous Native American honors.   Her contributions extended beyond academia. In 1931, she, her brother  Harold and their father, John, founded the Tantaquidgeon Indian Museum  in Uncasville, CT, using education to help remedy prejudice. Then in  1934, John Collier, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, recruited Dr.  Tantaquidgeon to serve as a community worker on the Yankton Sioux  Reservation in South Dakota. For 9 years, she served as a specialist  for the newly formed Federal Indian Arts and Crafts Board to promote  Indian art, encouraging the restoration of critically important ancient  practices the Federal Government had prohibited at that time.   Dr. Tantaquidgeon used her strong sense of social justice to support  women in difficult situations by working as the Niantic Women's Prison  librarian in the 1940s. She continued her life of service to others  when her personal records of correspondence about Mohegan births,  graduations, marriages, and deaths played a pivotal role in gaining  Federal Recognition for the Mohegans in 1994.   Throughout her amazing 106 years of life, she led the way for women,  especially women of color, to seize new opportunities and for everyone  to engage in a greater level of discussion and education about Native  American history and culture. Her legacy will leave a positive academic  and social impact for years to come.   The other exceptional woman I wish to remember today is Martha Ann  ``Matt'' Langevin, a Mashantucket Pequot Indian. Born in 1901, she  spent her entire life in Mashantucket and dedicated her years to  researching traditional medicinal uses for indigenous plants and herbs.   Ms. Langevin strongly advocated for the preservation of the  Mashantucket Pequot land, culture, and way of life. She stood at the  forefront of efforts to defend the Tribe's lands whenever State or  local government officials tried to take them away. Her readiness to  protect her community demonstrates Ms. Langevin's indomitable  determination.   She was also an incredibly thoughtful, loving friend to many. With  three siblings and seven half-siblings, Ms. Langevin was considered a  beloved aunt by her nieces and nephews, as well as by other Pequot  children who stayed with her when their parents left to find work. She  took excellent care of the children.   Much of Ms. Langevin's life focused on gardening, preserving food,  and watching over her ancestral lands. One of her most important  undertakings was her constant work to preserve Pequot traditions and  land, a task she took up with great passion and conviction. An inductee  into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame, Ms. Langevin will be  remembered for her compassion and zeal for continuing traditions and  looking after the people and the lands she loved.   I applaud both of these women's immense accomplishments, and I hope  my  [[Page S2100]]  colleagues will join me in recognizing Dr. Tantaquidgeon and Ms.  Langevin as we celebrate National Women's History Month.   