 Madam Chairwoman, I thank Chairwoman Wasserman  Schultz and Ranking Member Carter for their work on this legislation.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of en bloc package 1, which includes  my amendment to H.R. 3055 to help address critical staffing shortages  at the VA.   Madam Chair, we in Congress have no higher obligation than to care  for our veterans who had our backs, and that starts with making sure  they have the resources they need when they come home.   The number of unfilled positions at the VA has grown steadily, and  currently it is nearly at 49,000 across the entire VA system.   Madam Chair, 49,000 vacancies is a huge problem that we must tackle.  One constituent in my district, an 89-year-old, has been waiting on the  adjudication of his appeal to the VA for more than a year. That is  absurd. When we called the VA to inquire, we were told: ``This is just  how long it takes.''   Madam Chair, the Appropriations Subcommittee on Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies looked closely at  this issue and stated that the committee is concerned that the  significant number of vacancies will lead to longer waits for veterans  going without service.   I agree. We must address this problem and address it quickly. Our  veterans don't have time for longer waits for doctor appointments,  mental health crises, housing assistance, and so much more.   Our veterans deserve better, and I am proud to offer this amendment.    Madam Chair, I thank Chairwoman Wasserman Schultz and  Ranking Member Carter for their work on this legislation and  leadership.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of amendments en bloc No. 6, which  includes my amendment to H.R. 3055 to increase our investment in the  Veterans Health Administration for the purpose of hiring more mental  health professionals.   Madam Chair, we in Congress have no higher obligation than to care  for our veterans.   According to the inspector general for the VA, mental health  professionals are the most needed occupation at the VA. Many of those  in the veterans community are suffering from mental health conditions  with so many of them, unfortunately, suffering in silence. Less than  half of all returning veterans in need receive the mental health  treatment that they deserve and need, and that is unacceptable.   We have seen an increased incidence of post-traumatic stress  disorder, traumatic brain injury, and depression from our veterans  coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan. My office has worked with a  number of veterans who are suffering from PTSD to make sure they get  access to the care they have earned.   An average of 20 veterans die by suicide every day. In New Jersey, my  home State, the rate of suicide in the veterans community is almost  double that of the rest of the population. This is shameful.   Madam Chairwoman, surely we can all come together as a body to  support this most pressing and urgent need. My amendment will help do  that, and I am proud to offer it.   