 Madam President, let me just take a few minutes here to  share an idea that when we come back next week, we will be talking  about the budget. We are going to be talking about making really  difficult, very difficult decisions.   I would state that we on the Senate Armed Services Committee have an  advantage over some of the other people because one of the critical  areas in the budget coming up is how we treat the military. I think it  is important for people to understand that if you are a member of the  Armed Services Committee, you are in a position to know something the  other Members don't know. It may sound like someone is not doing their  job, but that is not true at all.   When you are on the Senate Armed Services Committee, there are  hearings that take place. Starting in January, there are posture  hearings. Posture hearings normally take about 6 hours a week. In  posture hearings, we find out about matters that others just don't have  time to find out about unless you are a member of the committee. If you  are a member, you are sitting there for 3 hours a week.   I don't say this critically of the previous administration because--I  would say, in the Obama administration, the top priority was not  defending America. In fact, he established something called parity.  Parity meant that for every one dollar put into the military budget, we  have to put one dollar into the nonmilitary budget. That had never  happened before, at least it had not happened since World War II. At  that time, it was established that national defense would be our  priority. Every Democrat and every Republican President at that time  all the way up until the Obama administration had defending America as  the top priority.   What happened during that administration was that we actually had a  dramatic reduction. If you use constant dollars, that reduction took  place between 2010 and 2015, using constant dollars. For this  description, we used 2018 dollars. Going into 2010, it was about $794  billion. Going into 2015, it was $586 billion or something like that.  So there was about a 25-percent reduction in the defense budget in a 5- year period. That had never happened before in the history of this  country. Yet we suffered through, and we paid dearly for it.   A lot of people are not aware of it, unless you are on the Armed  Services Committee because we see it. When the current President came  in, President Trump, his budget boosted that back up. Now we are  talking about real dollars, and it was $700 billion in fiscal year  2018. Then for fiscal year 2019 it was $716 billion.   Now we are getting into where we are today in the current budget. We  passed a defense authorization bill, and in it we actually came out  agreeing that we had to get to $750 billion. Someone might ask why. We  had something called the National Defense Commission report. It was a  document that was a good document that talked about how we were going  to need to appropriate because during the Obama administration we saw  China and Russia become peer competitors in many areas. In fact, they  ended up with some things better than ours. Let me give an example.  Artillery during that period of time for both China and Russia had us  outranged and outgunned. How many people know that? People assume  America has the best of everything. Well, that was true up until this  time.   Air and defense, there were only two Active-Duty battalions with no  new technological advancements. Nothing happened during that time. That  allowed China and Russia to start creeping up and getting ahead of us.   On nuclear triad modernization, we had no modernization increases at  that time, but Russia and China did. In fact, China actually has today  a nuclear triad, and Russia is actually building one. The U.S. defense  against electronic warfare--we didn't have that kind of a defense. With  Russia, you can remember what happened in Ukraine.   Hypersonic weapons is the newest thing that people talk about. It is  a type of weapon system that moves five times the speed of sound. It is  the weapon system of the future. Prior to the past administration,  prior to the Obama administration, we were ahead in our research on  hypersonic weapons, but by the end of that time and up until this new  administration came in, we were actually behind Russia and China. I  only say that because we really took a hit.   The only time--we have had three opportunities, one in fiscal year  2018, one in fiscal year 2019, and then another on the budget we are  going to be voting on this coming week. That was our opportunity to  catch up.   I would just say this: If you are on the Armed Services Committee,  you have an obligation because you are in a unique position of knowing  the efficiencies that we have. Others don't have that. Many of the  Members take the time and they find out that they can get this done.   But we are in a position where--General Dunford, as an example, said  that we have lost our qualitative and our quantitative edge in  artillery. We are actually outnumbered 5 to 1 by China and 10 to 1 by  Russia. In air and missile defense, China and Russia have weapons that  prevent access--we call them SAMs, surface-to-air missiles. Nuclear  modernization--no real U.S. modernization took place during that time.  We had some of our top people admitting that we had deficiencies, and  we quickly tried to correct them.   Along came fiscal year 2018. In fiscal year 2018, we got back up to a  $700 billion budget, and we started working on things. We had the  manual. It is a manual I normally bring down with me to the floor when  we talk about this because this is something that everyone agreed on as  the manual was put together. It was the NDS Commission report. It was  put together by 6 Democrats and 6 Republicans--all experts in national  defense--and everyone agreed that would be our blueprint to pull us out  of where we were at that time, and it was working. We were on schedule  to do it. We are currently on schedule with this budget.  [[Page S5089]]    It says that while we are rebuilding our military, we should be  anticipating that we have to increase our military spending by between  3 percent and 5 percent over this period of time. That is a net  increase. Well, the budget we came out with in the defense  authorization bill was $750 billion, and it was a budget that almost  gets us there but not quite.   The President's budget agreement that came out the other day has a  figure of $738 billion. That is very close to where we are supposed to  be. It is a 2-year budget, and that is a good thing for the military.  Those of us on the Defense Committee understand that. So that brings  that $738 up to $740.5 billion for 2021, so it is very close to the  $750 billion defense authorization.   I only say that because that makes it more important for anyone who  is serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee to be in a position  to know what I just said. And that is something that most people don't  know, and I don't believe that most of the Members of this body know,  but those who are on the committee do know it. We have to keep in mind  that this budget is going to be the only way that we are going to be  able to do what needs to be done.   This is the short version. I will come back and talk more this coming  Monday and give a lot more details than I gave now. I will say this: I  would encourage any member of the Senate Armed Services Committee to  understand that they are in a position to know what the problem is, and  a lot of other people do not know this. I would anticipate that members  of the committee would be in that unique position to know and would be  supporting a budget that gives us enough room to get back into position  to recover from the losses that we took from the previous  administration. That is what is at stake. That is what we are  anticipating. I would anticipate that our members from the committee  should be doing that.   I yield the floor.   