 Thank you.   Mr. President, I thank Senator Harris for her partnership and  leadership on this bill. I also thank my colleague and my friend, Tim  Scott from South Carolina, for his leadership and partnership on this  legislation.   As Senator Harris just said, this is not the first time we have come  down to the floor of the U.S. Senate to implore this body to recognize  lynching for what it is--bias-related terror. It is not the first time  we have come down to this body to try to right the wrongs of history.  After numerous attempts--dozens and dozens--during the height of  lynchings in the United States, this body failed to act. This body did  not stand up to protect American citizens and condemn the horrors of  lynching.   In December of last year, as Senator Harris and I were standing here,  this body actually made a historic decision. It was a profound moment,  an emotional moment. They made the decision to pass the Justice for  Victims of Lynching Act by unanimous consent--no opposition.   After a long, painful, and shameful history of this body, the U.S.  Senate finally voted unanimously to make lynching a Federal crime.  Unfortunately, the bill was not taken up in the House before the end of  the last Congress. So we are here today with the hope and expectation  that for the second time this body will make history by passing Federal  anti-lynching legislation and that, for the first time in history, this  bill will actually become the law of the land.   Senator Harris referenced the Equal Justice Initiative, which  documented over 4,000 cases of racially motivated lynchings between  1877 and well into the 20th century. Lynchings were used to terrorize,  marginalize, and oppress Black communities, to kill human beings in  order to sow deeper fear, inequality, and injustice for generations.   The use of lynching to inflict racial terror is ugly, disturbing. It  is a tragic part of our history, but we know its legacy does not just  live in our history books. Less than 2 weeks ago, an actor and activist  was brutally attacked in Chicago by two men yelling racial and  homophobic epithets.   Lynching is not a relic of the past. We are seeing in the present  pernicious evil, and we still have yet to confront this in this body.  Bias-motivated acts of violence and intimidation in America are  actually on the rise. Hate crimes are on the rise for the third year in  a row. Hate crimes against Black Americans are on the rise. Hate crimes  against Jewish Americans are on the rise. Hate crimes against LGBTQ  Americans and Muslim Americans are on the rise. This is unacceptable.  Justice for the victims of lynching has been too long denied, and as we  look forward we must collectively in this body make a strong,  unequivocal statement.   The last time Senator Harris and I came to the floor with this  request, I read from an excerpt of a speech given by Congressman George  Henry White, the first Member of Congress to introduce an anti-lynching  bill more than a century ago and the last Black Member of Congress to  serve for decades following Reconstruction.   In 1901, in the last speech he ever gave on the floor, the last  speech of a Black Congressman for decades, he said about the terror of  lynching: ``This evil peculiar to America, yes, to the United States,  must be met somehow, some day.''   For too long in this body, in the U.S. Congress, we have relied on  the inevitability of ``some day'' when it comes to addressing this  profound injustice. For too long we have failed--failed--to ensure  justice for the victims of lynching, and failed to make clear that in  the United States of America, in this great country, lynching is and  always has been not just a Federal crime but a moral failure.   We have the opportunity right now, again, to make history in this  moment. We have the opportunity right now to recognize the wrongs of  both our history and our recent past, to honor the memories of those so  brutally murdered, and to leave a legacy that future generations can  look back on. We will know, after some 200 attempts in this body in  more than 100 years, that on this day, this moment in American  history--notably Valentine's Day; as one leader once said, ``Never  forget that justice is what love looks like in public''--that on this  day, we can right this wrong.   I would like to recognize the Senator from California.   