 Mr. President, we have had many discussions on what is  happening on appropriations bills. So I thought I could help clear some  things up.   Next week, the Senate Appropriations Committee will mark up a  supplemental appropriations bill. We are doing this to address the  humanitarian crisis, which it is, on our southern border. There is  absolutely no need for this to be a partisan process. So many of us,  Republicans and Democrats, agree we need to address the humanitarian  crisis on our southern border.   We have seen the news reports showing crowded conditions at Custom  and Border Protection facilities. We have seen the pictures of women  and children sleeping outside on the ground because the facilities are  full. I have gone through places where they basically have cages  holding children--and this is happening in America. And we have seen  the numbers of unaccompanied children in our care swell as kids come  across the border looking for help and compassion.   Now, most of these people are fleeing violence or dire poverty in  their home countries. Most know how dangerous the trek north will be,  but they feel they have no choice but to make the trek anyway. Some  have said they know they may die on the trek north, but they are going  to die from gang violence and the murderers back home if they do not.  They fear for their lives.   By the time they reach us, they are exhausted, they are scared, and  they are hungry. The vast majority actually just turn themselves over  to Border Patrol Agents as soon as they cross into the United States.  Rather than try to evade law enforcement, they look for the U.S.  authorities in uniform. They turn themselves in to them and are then  escorted by Border Patrol through the billion-dollar, actually useless,  Trump wall. They are not looking to do us harm. They are looking for  mercy.   Now, we may disagree about what has led to this crisis and what  changes may be needed to our immigration system. But I take issue with  claims from across the aisle that Democrats oppose any and all  solutions to address this crisis. Everybody knows that is simply false.   We have a responsibility to make sure that the people in our care are  treated humanely. After all, we are Americans. We ought to show the  world we stand for American values. As vice chairman of the  Appropriations Committee, I take this responsibility seriously.   The Department of Health and Human Services Office of Refugee  Resettlement--the Agency that cares for unaccompanied children who  cross the border--is running out of money. They are expected to exceed  their Federal appropriations by the end of this month. Because they are  running out of money, they have already begun to scale back on services  that are not critical for life and safety, including education,  recreation, and legal services. We ought to take action. Customs and  Border Protection processing facilities are vastly over capacity. That  not only creates dangerous conditions for the migrants who are in our  care but also dangerous conditions for our Border Patrol staff.   We have seen these pictures of men and women and children sleeping  outside with Mylar blankets in temporary shelters, under bridges, and  in overcrowded conditions inside facilities that cannot accommodate  them. I have seen this. It cannot continue. We have to do better. We  Americans have American values. We should act like it.   The Senate Democrats are willing to provide money to address these  problems. We have a responsibility to do so--Republicans and Democrats  both--but we also have a responsibility to put basic conditions on this  money. We want to make sure the taxpayers' dollars are appropriately  spent. We cannot provide a blank check, especially to this  administration.   HHS and DHS facilities have to meet appropriate standards. So the  care we provide reflects the fact that we are Americans with American  values. We must not let detainees languish outdoors in 100-degree  temperatures for more than 30 days without showering or changing  clothes--and that is happening.   Children in our care should only be housed in facilities that meet  State licensing requirements--not in cages. They should have access to  education, recreation, and legal services. DHS should not be using  information on potential sponsors for unaccompanied children to deport  them. We found that has happened. We had people willing and capable of  taking care of these children instead of the U.S. taxpayers spending  thousands upon thousands of dollars. Instead of saying thank you, we  say: Well, we are going to check your background. Maybe we should  deport you.   It makes me think about the number of people who have served in our  military and overseas that are immigrants and then get deported. Now,  that is hard to understand. It is probably easier to understand for  people who have refused to serve, but it is hard to understand.   That is no different than saying: Oh, you served our country, you  faced dangers, and you were shot at wearing the uniform of this  country. But we are throwing you out.   Now, Members of Congress with oversight responsibility of these  Agencies should be able to have access to detention facilities. The  Trump administration should not request these resources  [[Page S3340]]  from Congress and then not tell Congress what they are going to do with  it by saying: We sure as heck are not going to let any Member of  Congress--Republican or Democrat--see what we do with it.   Money appropriated for humanitarian assistance should be used for  humanitarian assistance. It should not be diverted to pay for a wall,  which would do nothing to solve this humanitarian crisis.   Now, these should not be controversial propositions. They are  reasonable conditions to include. They should get bipartisan support.  We can do it if Republicans want to, but what we are not going to do is  allow the Trump administration to use this humanitarian crisis to  supplement funding for an enforcement agenda that is not only  controversial but also ineffective and cruel.   For example, the President has asked for funding to increase ICE  detention facilities by 7,600 beds. There is no need for this increased  funding. We should not provide it.   The administration's inclination at every turn is to just use  detention to solve our immigration problem, while not actually working  to solve our immigration problem, at enormous cost to the American  taxpayers. It is expensive, inefficient, and it is wrong. The other  thing is that it does not work. Alternatives to detention exist. They  are safe, effective, and enormously less expensive to the taxpayers.   The administration needs to use the resources it has for ICE  detention services to house those people who truly present a danger to  our communities. Yes, house somebody who is a criminal. House somebody  who has a criminal record. But do not lock up every man, woman, and  child simply for being here without proper documentation, spending  thousands upon thousands of taxpayer dollars to lock up a 5-year-old.  They are really not the people we should worry about. But the Trump  administration's dramatically escalating the arrest and detention of  immigrants who have no criminal record makes no sense. It is an  enormous waste of taxpayers' dollars.   We carefully negotiated ICE bed levels in the fiscal year 2019  Homeland Security appropriations bill just a few months ago, which got  strong bipartisan support. That was just a few months ago; there is no  reason to revisit it now just a few months later.   Congress should also ensure that funding it approved 2 years ago-- overwhelmingly, by both Republicans and Democrats--to deal with the  root causes of immigration from Central America is spent for those  purposes. If we do not deal with the reasons people are leaving their  countries, of course they are going to keep coming. That is just common  sense, and that is why we appropriated these funds. That is why  Republicans and Democrats voted to appropriate these funds and the  President signed those appropriations bills. We should insist they are  used for the purposes that Republicans and Democrats voted for them to  be used.   When President Trump decides to withhold a half a billion dollars of  that funding, that is self-defeating. That does about as much to stop  illegal immigration as tweeting about it does.   So in addition to being ready, willing, and able to help address  humanitarian issues at the border, Democrats are also advocating for  longer term solutions that both parties should support if we are  serious about solving this crisis.   As some Senators recall, when I was chairman of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, we had months of hearings, weeks of markup, hundreds of  pieces of information coming, and witnesses, and I brought a  comprehensive immigration bill to the floor 6 years ago. There were 68  Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, who voted for it. Even  though it passed the Senate, the Republican Speaker of the House  refused to bring it up.   The irony is that yesterday the Acting Homeland Security Secretary  testified that if we had enacted that bill--the bill I brought to this  floor, which 68 Senators voted for--it would have made a difference in  the current crisis. It is unfortunate that the Republican Speaker  blocked it.   He did say it would violate the Dennis Hastert rule, and they had to  uphold that. Well, no, it violated common sense by not bringing it to a  vote.   So as we did back then, any immigration reform we consider today has  to be done on a bipartisan basis. That is how we got the big vote here.  I know that these are controversial matters. Of course they are. That  is why we struggle over them. But bipartisanship is the only way to get  things done around here.   Given the urgency of the need on the southern border, I hope my  Republican colleagues will not use this bill as a vehicle to force  debate on divisive immigration proposals that should be left to the  authorizing committees, not to the Appropriations Committee. If we turn  this into a protracted debate about immigration reform, we will only  delay much needed humanitarian assistance on the southern border.   We could do both. Pass the appropriations bills, but then let's have  a real debate, as we did a few years ago, on immigration reform,  something that got two-thirds of the Senate--Republicans and  Democrats--to vote for it.   As I said at the beginning, consideration of a supplemental  appropriations bill to address the humanitarian crisis should never be  a partisan issue. We all want to make sure that we appropriately care  for the vulnerable families seeking refuge at the United States of  America's border.   I urge all Members to focus on areas of agreement in this package.  There are a lot of areas we can agree on, Republicans and Democrats.  Focus on it, pass it, and get assistance out the door as quickly as  possible.   I see another Senator is waiting.   I yield the floor.   