 Madam President, 2 years ago, I exposed the Democrats'  plan for socialized medicine and allowed every Senator here to take a  clear stand and reject this disastrous idea once and for all.  Unfortunately, very few Senate Democrats were willing to oppose  socialized medicine then. Well, they are back at it again today. So now  I am here again to shed some much needed light on what seems to be a  never-ending game to score political points and, even worse, to set the  stage for terrible policy--a continuing call for socialized medicine.   We are seeing this false narrative of ``free socialized medicine''  making headlines, but you see, it is not actually free; somebody has to  pay for it. In fact, every single one of us and our kids and our  grandkids will be paying for it for a long time if this nonsensical  plan becomes reality.   Montanans face enough hardships with rising prescription drug costs  and rising premiums. The Democrats' socialized medical scheme will cost  the American taxpayer $32 trillion over 10 years--$32 trillion--not to  mention that this scheme would kick millions off their healthcare plan  and eliminate private health insurance.   In combination with the left's absurd Green New Deal, what we are  seeing here today is a pattern when it comes to the Democrats' very  liberal and leftist agenda. They don't blink an eye when their liberal  policies cost the taxpayers trillions of dollars, and they aren't  coming up with feasible solutions.   In fact, too many Montanans are faced with the very tough choice of  choosing between health and putting food on the table. Prescription  drug prices are out of control. Montanans are sick and tired of being  sick and tired. They want Congress to do something. They want results.  They want outcomes. That is why I have been fighting for a commonsense  solution like my bill, the CREATES Act, which addresses high  prescription drug costs and improves access to care in our rural  communities.   The left's pie-in-the-sky proposal promises a great deal, but we all  know the extent of empty promises in this town. These proposals do  nothing but throw hard-working Montanans under the bus, foot the  massive tax bill to the taxpayers, and prop up failed policies just to  appease a radicalizing base across this country in the Democratic  Party. The people of Montana want better than this. They deserve better  than this.   To my colleagues who are attempting to make a hard run to the left to  score some points within your base, I simply ask this: Will you please  put your country over your party? Will you put the interests of the  people over your own self-political interests, or will you continue to  peddle the lie of socialized medicine to the American people?   I think it is time we get to work, hunker down and roll up our  sleeves and produce real results that the people of Montana and across  our Nation deserve. They deserve serious answers, and they deserve  serious solutions, and it is long overdue that we give them that.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   