 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, the  gentleman from Pennsylvania, for his leadership on this.   I am honored to be a part of this group dealing with a problem that  we all know is a reality and yet so few seem to be willing to do  anything about.   We have thousands of new aliens entering our country every day, and  this surge of illegal immigrants flooding across our porous borders  puts our Nation at risk in more ways than one.   In 2017 alone, more than 900 Americans died every week from the  opioid-related crisis and overdoses. Every American, everyone in this  chamber knows personally someone who has been affected by this, be it a  family member, a friend, a coworker, a neighbor, where the opioid  crisis has penetrated into these lives. And its advancement continues  to march down the streets of our Nation.   The story of the opioid epidemic certainly begins many times with  prescription pain medications, pharmaceutical companies, pill mills,  overprescribing, many of these kinds of ways, but today we see the  opioid crisis being driven by the widespread availability of cheap,  powerful drugs like heroin, often laced with synthetic opioids like  fentanyl.   Make no mistake about it: this is a human tragedy. It is a family  tragedy. It is a national tragedy. It is a national crisis that we are  facing right now, largely because of loopholes that we have in our  immigration laws, but also unquestionably because of the physical  barriers that don't exist. As a result, we have illegals continuing to  storm into our country and bring with them all sorts of illegal  activity.   Earlier today, I stood alongside my colleagues and met many angel  families who have been so personally impacted, have lost loved ones  because of our deeply flawed immigration policies and so forth.   One in particular I met today Susan Stevens. Susan had a daughter,  Victoria, who 1 year ago next week lost her life. She was a  cheerleader, she was an artist. She was a vibrant young lady whose life  was taken from this world largely because of our inability to deal with  and stop the smuggling of illegal drugs coming into our country and to  secure our border.    We have all heard the statistics. Nearly 90 percent of heroin coming  into our country comes into our country from the southern border, 90  percent. Sadly, stories like Victoria Stevens' are becoming all too  common; we are hearing these stories on a daily basis.   I am stunned when my colleagues on the other side look at the  President's cry at this national crisis at our border as some sort of  political stunt. This is no political stunt. This is reality.   Two weeks ago we all watched as Speaker Pelosi jokingly made the  claim that she would be willing to give a single dollar to secure our  border. I would remind the Speaker, this is no joking matter and this  is no laughing matter. These are real lives. This is a Nation that is  being impacted by her refusal to deal with the issue at hand.   This country ought to be a safe haven for law-abiding citizens, but  instead we are watching communities that have become vulnerable and  susceptible to crime.   How many more families need to lose loved ones before we take action?  How many more families will no longer hear the laugh of their child  because we are not taking action right here, before we secure our  borders? What is it going to take? The Mexican cartels are a cunning  enemy, and yet Democrats refuse to acknowledge the situation. They call  it a manufactured crisis.   I guarantee you, had they been there today with these angel families,  they would not have left saying this is a manufactured crisis. They  would have been pricked to the heart of the reality of what we are  facing in this country.   And yet they refuse to come to the table. They refuse to come with  real solutions. They refuse to compromise at all.   Instead, as has already been mentioned, this past weekend they go to  Puerto Rico on a virtual vacation while hundreds of thousands of  American workers are losing their paychecks, being held by Democrats  off on a vacation at an island getaway.   The Democrat playbook is nothing but obstruct at all costs. And,  again, this was played out today while the President invites them to  the White House, and they refuse to show up yet again, showing what  they are really made of. And they refuse to deal with our borders.   More than 49,000 Americans died last year from heroin and opioid- related overdoses, and yet the Democrats, with their open border  policies, refuse to deal with this situation.   I am convinced that they are becoming accomplices in the countless  deaths yet to come by their refusal to deal with the dangerous drugs,  illegal activities, and our broken borders.   This is precisely why we must deal with the President's request for a  border wall and to do so immediately. The consequences are too dire. We  cannot continue to wait.   We are here today committed to ensure the integrity of our borders  and the safety of the American people through the building of the wall  on our southern border. We are here today fighting for the families of  the victims who want a reasonable immigration system to protect our  children and our grandchildren.   Tackling this immigration problem and protecting American families  from criminal aliens is a fundamental responsibility and duty that we  all have, and I am honored to stand with my colleagues to press this  issue and to call the Democrats to come to the table and deal with the  issue.   Madam Speaker, again, I thank my friend; I appreciate so much the  time.   