 Mr. President, I am on the floor to talk about a problem  that is far too common here in Washington; that is, Federal Government  shutdowns. They don't make any sense. If we don't do something in 12  days, Congress, once again, will face an unnecessary and costly  government shutdown. We have to avoid that.   I have been through five different government shutdowns since my time  working in the George H. W. Bush White House back in 1990, and three  shutdowns just over the last 5 years. None of them worked.   I don't know anyone who likes them now because we found out that when  you shut down the government, taxpayers actually pay more, not less. It  might seem like if you shut down the government, that is good for  taxpayers, but it is actually bad for taxpayers. They foot the bill for  the backpay of Federal workers for the days they weren't allowed to go  to work, and they pay for other things, too, that they wouldn't have to  pay for if Congress did its job, got its spending bills done, and  didn't shut down the government. Delayed projects, late payment fees,  lost productivity, deferred maintenance--it all adds up. Shutdowns also  disrupt government services, of course.   By the way, it is not just the poor government programs and services  at the time--that continues. So even now, 9 months since the last  government shutdown, you have the Agencies and Departments saying:  Well, we would like to be able to process your tax return or we would  like to be able to, as I found out last week, process your 501(c)(3)-- which is a charity return to give you a nonprofit status, you can get  contributions that are deductible--but because of the shutdown, we are  still backed up. They are delayed and late. That hurts everybody.   Federal contractors, of course, are hurt. A lot of those are our  constituents, private sector individuals. Federal employees,  themselves, of course, get hurt, especially those who are considered  essential. They have to go to work even though they are not getting  paid. A lot of people, whether it is TSA personnel at the airports or  our Border Patrol down at the border, are doing their best to protect  us. Yet they are told they can't get paid, so they can't make their car  payment, their mortgage payment, or their rent. It puts them in a tough  situation. Again, it also hurts taxpayers and families and communities  all across the country.   No shutdown was more frustrating for me than the one we had most  recently. It was the longest shutdown ever. It was 35 days this past  winter, in December. During that month, we all heard firsthand from our  constituents how they were affected by the shutdown. I heard from NASA  engineers in Cleveland, OH, as an example. We have the NASA Glenn  Research Center there.   I also heard from TSA employees every time I flew. I asked them: How  are you doing? They would tell me, and it was tough--missed paychecks,  mounting mortgage payments that I talked about. In some cases, medical  bills were piling up. Morale was down. Families were hurting. Again,  even after the government opened and backpay was sent to the furloughed  workers, a lot of that damage had already been done.   What we have learned is, it wasn't just Federal workers and their  families who felt the effects of the shutdown. The economy as a whole  suffered too. The Congressional Budget Office has done some estimates  of this. After the shutdown, they estimated it had reduced economic  growth by a combined $11 billion for the fourth quarter of 2018 and the  first quarter of 2019. Not only that, but CBO--the Congressional Budget  Office, a nonpartisan group that looks at these issues--later projected  that the rate of economic growth would have been 0.4 percent higher in  the first quarter of 2019 than it was if not for the government  shutdown. That sounds like a small number, 0.4 percent, but that is a  big deal. That means economic growth in the first quarter of this year  would have been 3.5 percent, not 3.1 percent. That is a big deal. That  is billions of dollars in lost growth, not just because people weren't  working who should have been working but because there was lost  productivity in our economy and billions of dollars in lost growth just  because we couldn't figure out how to keep the lights on here in  Washington, DC.   All of this is indicative not just of the loss of purchasing power  for Federal employees but also a serious ripple effect to Federal  contractors, small businesses, and others who serve the Federal  Government.   Shutdowns have another effect. Each time our government fails to fund  itself, the public's faith in our institutions, including, of course,  in this body, the Senate, the House, the Presidency, falls even  further, not just here but around the world. It just seems crazy that  the Federal Government can't stay open. People can't get that, and I  understand why they don't get it.   Now, with the threat of another government shutdown looming just a  few weeks away, let's not repeat the mistakes of the past. The reason  our Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations looked at this issue over  the past 9 months was to learn the lessons and to get the actual  numbers to determine what the real impact was of the shutdown.   This week, the Permanent Subcommittee, of which I chair, released a  [[Page S5567]]  bipartisan report signed by me and the ranking member, Tom Carper, the  result of which is what we are reporting today. We learned that the  total cost of the three government shutdowns that have occurred in the  last 5 years alone have combined for a total of 54 days of partial or  full government closure. During those three periods of shutdown, the  pricetag to the American taxpayer was $4 billion. So the three  government shutdowns that have happened in the last 5 years, taxpayers  had to eat $4 billion--three shutdowns, $4 billion.   We also learned that a lot of that number comes from the loss of  productivity. Furloughed Federal workers who were prohibited from going  to work during that shutdown were owed $3.7 billion in backpay, which  they got even though they weren't working because they couldn't work.  Compounding that was at least another $338 million in other costs,  including extra administrative costs, lost revenue, late fees on  interest payments, and other costs.    On top of everything else, the workers who weren't able to come in to  work represented a combined lost productivity of about 57,000 years of  lost productivity. Think about that--almost 57,000 years of  productivity loss. Again, this is from folks who are Federal employees  who weren't allowed to work because the government was shut down but  who later got paid.   These figures, the $4 billion in costs to the taxpayers and the  56,938 years in lost productivity, are relatively low numbers. It is  actually higher than that. Do you know why? It is because although we  got figures from 26 different Agencies and Departments--and over the 9  months we did this research, we sent this questionnaire around to all  the Agencies and Departments--a bunch of them, comprising less than  half but close to half of the workforce, refused to respond to us. Why?  Because they said they didn't know how many of their workers were  furloughed. They didn't know how many of their workers were essential  employees. They didn't know what the lost productivity was. That is  equally disturbing. That included the Department of Defense, the  Department of Agriculture, the Department of Justice, the Commerce  Department, and the EPA. They wouldn't give us complete information  about employee furloughs and backpay because they said they just didn't  have the information. The cost is even higher than indicated here. We  don't know how much higher, but we know it is at least this high.   We are sending letters to the Agencies that were unable to provide  the complete financial information related to employee furloughs and  backpay to find out why and to ask them how they plan to address those  issues going forward. Over the 9 months we did this research, our  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations is not done with its work  because, in the process, we uncovered another problem, which is  Agencies not even knowing the basic information about their workforce  and what happens during the shutdown.   Our report also documents examples of how the shutdown negatively  affected the Federal Government's ability to conduct important  operations on a wide range of issues. I encourage people to take a look  at the report.   While we shut down the government over fighting about border  security--remember, that was the issue at the time, whether we are  going to have a wall or not and what kind of funds were going to go to  border security--the Department of Homeland Security had to delay  important facility maintenance, which had a serious impact on law  enforcement officer operations and safety, including at the border. The  lack of these critical maintenance and repair services actually made it  more risky, even endangered the lives of some law enforcement officers,  and made it harder to defend the border. The shutdown certainly didn't  work in that regard.   Meanwhile, the Department of Justice was forced to cancel about  60,000 immigration hearings for nondetained aliens who were scheduled  during the 35 days of the shutdown. During the 35 days, you couldn't  have immigration hearings. There were 60,000 immigration hearings  canceled. We already had a big backlog in these hearings, as some of  you have heard about, to the point that often it takes a couple of  years to have your case heard by an immigration judge. Now it is even  worse. Again, we still haven't resolved that issue. That is a problem  that is compounded so that today you have so many of these hearings  that are still outstanding.   A lot of my constituents back in Ohio were affected too. Let me give  you an example. We have a poor neighborhood in Cleveland, OH. A guy  wanted to start a deli there, which was a great idea. It is kind of a  food desert there. This deli was ready to go, ready to be put into  operation, but they couldn't get the approval by the U.S. Department of  Agriculture to use the machines to accept the SNAP benefits--the food  stamp benefits--so they had a really hard time launching. They couldn't  make much money because a lot of people in the area were SNAP  recipients. The USDA couldn't certify the machines to have it work  because of the shutdown. That one was really frustrating for me.   At the Piketon, OH, uranium enrichment plant, a lot of employees were  unsure if their healthcare premiums would be paid, despite potentially  being exposed to levels of radiation that could be dangerous to them.   At a vineyard in Lorain, OH--Lorain County is a place where there is  more wine being grown. It is exciting--this vineyard submitted six  label approval requests to the Alcohol and Tobacco and Tax and Trade  Bureau. The Alcohol and Tobacco and Tax and Trade Bureau has to approve  these labels. The owners of the vineyard were left in limbo throughout  the entire shutdown as they waited for approval. They lost sales  because in that business, it is all about the new thing. You want to  have your new label out there, your new product out there. That was  frustrating to me too. These are small business owners--again,  entrepreneurs who are taking a chance, trying something exciting that  has been a growth to business in our State, but they couldn't get  approval.   The National Transportation Safety Board stopped an investigation of  a plane crash in Wayne County, OH, that took the lives of two  individuals in January because of the government shutdown.   It doesn't just affect the border or TSA or others I have talked  about; it affects a lot of our constituents.   Ohioans applying for Customs and Border Protection Trusted Traveler  Programs had their applications suspended during the shutdown and then  faced long delays in getting their applications approved once the  government reopened because of the backlog.   Home loans across the State were unable to get processed because of  the backlogs at the IRS, where employees were still working overtime  and weekends to catch up on work as caseloads doubled. Even last week,  I talked about this nonprofit that couldn't get its 501(c)(3) status  because of the backlog, the IRS said, even though it happened 9 months  ago.   There are only a few examples here I have been able to give you.  Again, I would encourage you to look at the report. Go onto our website  for the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations and take a look at it.  There are so many issues and vulnerabilities that happen in all of our  States. It is clear we need to find a way to prevent this from  happening again.   Part of the problem we face here is that this constant threat of  shutdowns has become kind of the norm. People are already talking about  it--12 days from now. Are we going to shut down or not? It has kind of  a chilling effect on our economy just to talk about it.   For the past two decades, the government has routinely operated on  temporary funding because we don't get our spending bills done.  Congress is supposed to pass 12 appropriations bills, which comprise  all the Agencies and Departments. Last year, we did a pretty good job  of getting close to the 12. You have to go back to 1997 to find a year  when we completed all 12 of the spending bills.   If we don't complete a spending bill and have it signed off by the  House and the Senate and signed into law by the President, we do these  temporary spending bills. They are called continuing resolutions. You  just kind of continue the spending from the previous year. They are  always short term.  [[Page S5568]]    So there is discussion right now of, in 12 days, having a continuing  resolution. That is a lot better than a shutdown. It is not what we  should be doing, because at the end of that CR, we will have another  impasse, likely, and that is when you get another threat of a shutdown.  It is much better to pass the actual appropriations bills.   Since 1997, we have had a total of 117 continuing resolutions to fund  the government. It used to be very rare. Now it is not just common; it  is the norm. So moving forward, I hope one thing we can all agree on is  that we should do the appropriations process, do the individual bills,  and have the debate. We are going to have differences, and that is  fine. At the end of the day, we have a vote on the floor.   Today, we tried to go to the so-called minibus, a group of four  different appropriations bills. It shouldn't be that hard. We should be  able to get these things done. I hope we can agree that no matter what,  we should not have government shutdowns.   One recommendation our report makes--again, this is a bipartisan  report coming out of our subcommittee--our report says that the  Congress should enact an automatic continuing resolution to permanently  prevent the Federal Government from shutting down, so forever not to  have shutdowns by just saying: If you don't get your spending bills  done, you will simply have a continuing resolution that is automatic.   During the shutdown in January, I once again introduced our  legislation called the End Government Shutdowns Act. It is legislation  that now has 33 cosponsors here in the Senate. That is about a third of  the Senate. It is legislation that has mostly Republicans--almost two- thirds are Republicans. In the past, it has been bipartisan. This year,  it has not been. I hope it will become that. I have introduced this  legislation every Congress since 2010.   My hope is that we will never have to publish this kind of a report  again that talks about how many days we had a shutdown, what the cost  was to taxpayers--$4 billion in this case--over the last 5 years alone,  and the 57,000 hours of lost work productivity. We shouldn't have to  have these kinds of reports because we shouldn't have shutdowns. We do  need to put legislation on the floor and have a vote on it to be able  to stop it.   Our legislation is pretty simple. It says that you continue the  spending from the previous year if you can't come to an agreement, and  then after 120 days, you reduce the spending by 1 percent across the  board. Why? To give the Appropriations Committees--the people who write  these spending bills--the incentive to get to work, because none of  them, Republican or Democrat, like across-the-board 1 percent spending  cuts. They want to make their decision as to where the funding goes,  and they don't want the funding to be reduced. Then, every 90 days, it  reduces it another 1 percent. Again, it is to give them the incentive  to get their work done.   There is other legislation out there, one of which passed the HSGAC  Committee--the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee-- about a month and a half ago. It had some other elements to it--that  during a shutdown, we would be restrained from doing certain things on  the floor. The government couldn't travel, including the executive  branch. I think some of those bells and whistles that were put on it  are not great policy, but I think it is so important that we end  government shutdowns, we have to figure out a way to come together as  Republicans and Democrats to get this done.   I think we are at the point now where, if Democrats won't support the  1-percent cut, which is what they are saying despite supporting it  previously--some of them--and the House sets a bipartisan bill, then  let's look at just an auto CR, just automatically avoiding the shutdown  and continuing the spending from the previous year.   The point is, we need to figure out a way to keep the lights on and  not have these shutdowns. We need to stop missing our deadlines. We  need to stop putting our taxpayers in a bad situation where you do a  shutdown at enormous cost to them. We need to put our Federal employees  in a better position, where they are not being furloughed and they are  not being told: You have to go to work, or we are not going to pay you.  That is not fair either.   So let's pass legislation to provide for a continuation of government  spending, and let's do all we can to try to get our spending bills done  to avoid getting in that situation. I hope my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle will not allow us to fall back into this 12 days from now,  and I hope instead we will redouble our efforts to pass spending bills  on time into the future and immediately look at legislation that says:  Let's end government shutdowns forever to avoid this problem going  forward.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   