 Mr. President, I rise to vote against William Barr's  nomination to serve as Attorney General. Although Mr. Barr has served  as Attorney General in the past, I do not believe he is the right  candidate to lead the Department of Justice at this time.   Americans are facing unprecedented times. The President fired former  FBI Director James Comey to circumvent and frustrate a Federal  investigation. Former Deputy Director of the FBI Andrew McCabe  confirmed today that he opened an investigation into the President  himself regarding his potential ties to Russia after Comey's firing.  Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Trump and his  campaign for collusion and Russian interference in the 2016  Presidential elections. Some of the President's close confidants have  been indicted, pled guilty and are cooperating with the Special  Counsel. Yesterday, a judge ruled that President Trump's former  campaign manager, Paul Manafort, lied to Federal investigators about  his interactions with Russians during the campaign.   During this tumultuous time, Americans need an Attorney General who  values transparency, who is independent, and who can stand up to a  President who has shown repeatedly that he believes that the Attorney  General of the United States is his personal attorney and not the  attorney of the American people. After closely following Barr's  nomination hearing and analyzing his record, I do not believe he will  stand up to the President and effectively lead the Department.   Before Barr was formally nominated to be Attorney General, he wrote  and distributed a 19-page memo where he characterized the Mueller  investigation as ``fatally misconceived'' with ``potentially disastrous  implications not just for the Presidency, but for the Executive branch  as a whole and for the Department in particular.'' Barr wrote this memo  well aware that his knowledge of the facts surrounding the Mueller  probe is severely limited to public reporting.   Nevertheless, Barr concluded that Trump's publicly reported  interactions with former FBI Director James Comey could not constitute  obstruction of justice and sent the memo to Deputy Attorney General Rod  Rosenstein, Assistant Attorney General Steve Engel, the Solicitor  General, White House Special Counsel, Jared Kushner's attorney, and  Donald Trump's personal attorneys. He made certain that everyone in  Trump's orbit knew his name and knew about this memo.   This behavior should alarm not only Senators but every American.  Former  [[Page S1353]]  FBI Director Comey testified under oath that President Trump said to  him, ``I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.'' President Trump publicly  railed against former Attorney General Sessions for following the  guidance of Department of Justice ethics officials and recusing himself  from anything pertaining to the Russia investigation. During his  confirmation hearing, Barr would not commit to following the advice of  career ethics officials at DOJ if they recommend that he recuse himself  from the Russia investigation to avoid any appearance of conflicts of  interest. Instead, he said that he would rely on his own judgment. Mr.  Barr is essentially asking Senators to trust him and his judgment. Why  should Senators trust his judgment when there are systems and processes  in place that were created for this exact circumstance? Mr. Barr cannot  call himself an institutionalist concerned with maintaining the rule of  law while seemingly being unwilling to submit to the rule of law when  it applies to him.   It is not surprising that the President would select as his next  Attorney General someone who not only refuses to recuse himself from  the investigation but also believes that elements of Mueller's probe  are ``fatally misconceived.''   Finally, during his confirmation hearing, Barr was repeatedly pressed  by Republicans and Democrats on whether or not he would agree to  release the final Mueller report in its entirety. Barr would not commit  to do so. I believe that the report should be made available not only  to Members of Congress but to all Americans so that they can see the  evidence for themselves and reach their own conclusions. If we want  Americans to trust their judicial system, we must insist on  transparency and honesty.   Beyond those issues, I am concerned about Mr. Barr's commitment to  civil rights. During his confirmation hearing, he seemed ignorant about  the disparate treatment between Whites and Blacks in our criminal  justice system. When he served as Attorney General under President  George W. Bush, he advocated for policies that have in turn led to mass  incarceration of nonviolent offenders. In 2015, he publicly opposed the  Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act, bipartisan legislation that  would have reduced Federal mandatory minimums, and required the Bureau  of Prisons to provide more rehabilitative programming to prisoners.   Last year, Congress passed the First Step Act with broad bipartisan  support. The First Step Act included similar provisions to the  Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act. The First Step Act will not be  successful without direction from the Attorney General. I intend to use  my position on the Appropriations Committee to hold Barr accountable  and to make sure he is proactively implementing this law.   Americans deserve to have an Attorney General who is loyal to the  office and not to the President. I do not believe Mr. Barr is that  Attorney General.   