 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss legislation that  Senator Cardin and I introduced last year and successfully worked to  move through the legislative process, with lots of help from many  others.   The Women's Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act was passed  by the House and Senate near the end of the 115th Congress and was  signed into law in January of this year. We are thankful that our  colleagues in both Chambers joined us in supporting this meaningful  legislation focused on improving the lives of women and families around  the world.   Because women make up the majority of the world's poor and are often  held back by gender-specific constraints to economic empowerment, such  as lack of access to financial services and credit, it was important to  recognize that it is within our power to help elevate and enable them  to achieve their economic dreams and aspirations.   In many corners of the world, cultural and historical barriers that  make it difficult for women to start businesses, build savings, and  make meaningful economic contributions to their communities are long  established and serve to prevent many women from attaining greater  stability in their everyday lives--to the detriment of their own  societies as well as the global economy.   Building on our own past and experiences in the United States, we can  help women in the world overcome obstacles that impede their ability to  substantially contribute to economic activity and industry at home and,  more broadly, within the world economy.   The Women's Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act provides an  avenue to address this inequality by tapping into the proven abilities  of existing U.S. Agencies for international development programs.   USAID, which uses strategic investments to promote growth and  development while advancing U.S. interests and influence, is perfectly  situated to implement this initiative because it understands how to  effectively deploy resources to--as its mission states--``lift lives,  build communities, and establish self-sufficiency.'' The WEEE Act will  help the more than 1 billion women who are left out of the world's  formal financial system by working to close the nearly $300 billion  credit gap that exists for women-owned small and medium-sized  businesses.   Expanding USAID's microenterprise development assistance authority to  include small and medium-sized enterprises with an emphasis on  supporting those owned, managed, and controlled by women is critical  because if these promising, industrious entrepreneurs and innovators  are given the opportunity to succeed, the benefits will undoubtedly  reach far and wide.   The WEEE Act will also modernize USAID's development assistance  toolkit to include innovative credit scoring models, financial  technology, financial literacy, insurance, and more to improve property  and inheritance rights--all of which are vital in helping to overcome  deep-rooted cultural and institutional hurdles that preclude women from  accessing the resources necessary for economic success.   Finally, the law directs USAID to include efforts that promote  equality and female empowerment throughout its programs. This may seem  like a small step, but in reality, it can help transform the way  international aid is implemented to the benefit of many women across  the globe, poised to succeed when provided the same tools and resources  as their peers in nations where those hurdles are absent.   USAID, especially under the leadership of Mark Green, the  Administrator, does an exceptional job of stretching a finite amount of  resources to achieve meaningful results in some of the world's most  impoverished nations.   I have complete confidence that Administrator Green and his team will  implement the Women's Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act in  a way that will simultaneously, and even necessarily, work to the  benefit of our international aid mission, while also helping to uplift  and empower women in countries all over the world to succeed in a way  that has been just beyond their reach until now.   Research shows investing in women has a high rate of return, and that  is  [[Page S696]]  exactly what the WEEE Act recognizes and seeks to capitalize on.   As Senator Cardin, senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, noted when we introduced the bill: ``Investment in women  creates a positive cycle of change that can lift women, families,  communities, and entire countries out of poverty, and this legislation  will help us make inroads toward that important goal.''   I would like to thank former Chairman Ed Royce and Congresswoman  Frankel, as well as their staffs, for their leadership on this bill in  the House.   I would also like to thank Senator Cardin for joining me in  sponsoring the bill here in the Senate, as well as our former colleague  and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, for his  work to move this bill through the committee process.   Finally, I would like to acknowledge the support and assistance  provided by the White House, particularly from Presidential Advisor  Ivanka Trump, who worked tirelessly to advocate for this bill, garner  support from NGOs, and ultimately helped us see it across the finish  line.   All of those who worked on this bill share an understanding that  because women in some parts of the world are pushed so far to the  margins that they are denied access to even the most basic financial  services, much less business loans, leveling the playing field is the  right thing to do. If we can achieve this goal, the world economy  stands to grow significantly.   Now that the WEEE Act has become law, we have taken one significant  step forward to realizing this laudable aim, and women in developing  nations stand to benefit from USAID's upcoming efforts to help them  find and secure their place in our global economy.   The Women's Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act advances  U.S. values and stimulates real, lasting economic opportunities around  the globe for women. It will change lives and communities, promote  equality, and help entrepreneurs and innovators thrive--all of which  will benefit the global economy and the pursuit of prosperity.   Once again, I extend my thanks and gratitude to all who have worked  so hard and helped this bill become law, and I look forward to  following its implementation and results.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  January 29; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; further, I ask that the Senate  recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly  conference meetings; finally, I ask that all time during adjournment,  recess, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the  motion to proceed to S. 1.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the  previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:52 p.m., adjourned until  Tuesday, January 29, 2019, at 10 a.m.   