 Madam President, today, brave men and women, boys and  girls, are standing up and demanding that the Chinese Communist Party  protect Hong Kong's autonomy, protect free speech, and defend human  rights.   Despite these peaceful protests, the Chinese Communist Party is  fighting back with brutality and violence. The police brutality that we  have seen and the Chinese Communist Party's larger assault on the  people of Hong Kong has  [[Page S6654]]  been shameful. Just this past weekend, the Hong Kong police began  attacking young, innocent students who were peacefully protesting that  brutality. They were attacked with tear gas and rubber bullets.   These students' college campus was turned into a warzone, where no  one was safe. Today, we have the opportunity to tell the world, these  blatant human rights attacks and this campaign to bully Hong Kong into  submission are not OK and America won't stand for it.   Last month, I traveled to Hong Kong. I met with many brave men and  women who were standing up. I met with the dissidents, the pro- democracy protesters who are speaking out for Hong Kong's autonomy and  free speech and basic human rights. Along with them, I dressed in all  black to express my solidarity with the peaceful protestors who have  taken to the streets.   Right now, in response to that protest, tear gas, sponge grenades,  rubber bullets are being fired at university campuses in Hong Kong. In  Xinjiang Province, millions of detained Uighurs and other religious  minorities are languishing in concentration camps, and across China,  Falun Gong practitioners are captured and murdered so that the  Communist Party can harvest their organs.   Freedom from this brutality and the tyranny of the Chinese Communist  Party is the battle cry of the dissidents in Hong Kong. What have they  been waving? American flags. What have they been singing? The American  National Anthem--reciting quotations from our Founding Fathers who  risked everything for freedom in America.   Madam President, I want to thank Senators Rubio, Cardin, Risch,  Menendez, and all the members of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, both Republicans and Democrats who have joined together.  This legislation the Senate is preparing to pass, the Hong Kong Human  Rights and Democracy Act, is important legislation. It is bipartisan  legislation. I urge the House to take it up and pass it and pass it  promptly.   The people in Hong Kong are engaged in an existential battle for  liberty, and they should know and they will know, by our actions in  just a few moments, that the people of America stand with Hong Kong.   I yield the floor.   