 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, one programming note: At this point in the  schedule, we were scheduled to deal with three Sherman amendments, No.  20, No. 21, and No. 22.   No. 22, also in the Rules Committee numbering No. 83, was included in  an en bloc adopted by this House last evening.   Amendment No. 20, Rules Committee No. 301, is not being considered at  this time because it will be included in an en bloc that comes up later  today.   So we are now focused on No. 21, Rules Committee No. 82, and I rise  in support of that amendment.   Mr. Chair, on September 1, 1983, Korean Air Lines 007 was shot down-- 269 casualties, including a Member of this House, Congressman Larry  McDonald.   On July 17, 2014, Malaysia Airlines number 17 was shot down--298  casualties.   If there is one thing this House can agree on, it is that we are  opposed to shooting down--especially, deliberately shooting down-- civilian aircraft. And yet the Government of Azerbaijan has stated,  with regard to flights going into Stepanakert Airport, that they  envision the physical destruction of airplanes landing in that  territory.   This threat has been repeated several times by Azeri officials, and  in times past, Azerbaijan has actually shot at civil airliners going  into Stepanakert Airport. That is why this amendment is necessary. It  prohibits the transfer of Defense Department articles to Azerbaijan  unless the President can certify that the weapons being transferred  will not threaten civilian aviation.   It would be a tragedy if a civilian airliner were shot at or shot  down as it landed or took off from Stepanakert Airport in the Republic  of Artsakh. But if that, God forbid, ever happens, let it not be an  American weapon.   We are on notice that antiaircraft weapons transferred to Azerbaijan  may very well be used against civilian aircraft. That is why it is  necessary for us to have this provision.   After 23 years of studying these issues on the Foreign Affairs  Committee, I am not convinced that we should transfer any weapons,  under any circumstances, to the Government of Azerbaijan until it comes  to the table and resolves the Artsakh dispute. But, certainly, we  should not, having been put on notice, transfer weapons that we cannot  be sure will not be used to shoot down civilian aircraft.   I am pleased to have the cosponsorship of this amendment by  Representatives Speier, Schiff, and Pallone, and I believe that this is  a necessary step. Because, as we provide weapons to countries around  the world, we should not provide antiaircraft weapons that we believe  might very well be used to shoot down our civilian aircraft.   I would point out that the Stepanakert airport is located in the  Republic of Artsakh, previously known as the Republic of Nagorno- Karabakh, a historically Armenian territory that was lumped in with  Azerbaijan by no less than Joseph Stalin in a deliberate effort to  create ethnic tensions in the Caucasus to the benefit of the Soviet  Union and in an effort to punish the Armenian people.   The people of Artsakh established their independence decades ago, and  whatever your view as to the status of that territory, you should  support this amendment unless you believe it is appropriate to shoot  down civilian aircraft.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for including my  amendment in the en bloc. This amendment is cosponsored by Chairwoman  Waters.   Russia interfered in our election. To date, our sanctions have been  illusory. A few individuals have been told they can't get visas to  visit the United States. They will never see Disneyland.   This amendment provides real, serious sanctions on the Russian state  by saying that no U.S. person can make additional purchases of Russian  sovereign debt.   It provides a mechanism for removing these sanctions. If the  administration concludes that Russia goes just one election cycle  without interfering in our election, and if Congress agrees with that  conclusion, then these sanctions are lifted.   Finally, the amendment narrowly defines interference in our  elections. It makes it plain that if Russian television wants to  editorialize or Putin wants to put out a press release, that is fine.  Rather, it is interference in our election where Russia interferes with  voter tabulation or voter registration processes, where Russia steals  information for the purpose of influencing our election, or where  Russian hackers use false flag communications pretending to be American  spokesmen when they are not.   We need a serious mechanism to punish Russia for what they did in  prior elections and to deter them from interfering in our future  elections. This amendment does that, and I am pleased to include it in  the en bloc.   