 Mr. President, I rise to discuss for a few moments  reflections upon the hearing we had this week in the Intelligence  Committee on worldwide threats. This is an annual hearing and is in  public, at least the first part. Then there is a closed session  afterward with the heads of our intelligence Agencies--the CIA, the  FBI, the NSA, the Defense Intelligence Agency, and, of course, with the  Director of National Intelligence.   This is an important hearing because it basically outlines to the  American people the threats we face and the seriousness of those  threats. It is an opportunity for those of us on the committee and for  Members of the Senate in general to understand the nature of the  threats, what the intelligence is, and what the information is that we  have to help us make good policy decisions.   Good intelligence is crucial to making good decisions. We live in an  incredibly complex world, and my work on the Intelligence and Armed  Services Committees over the past 6 years has educated me as to just  how complex and difficult a lot of these issues are. I remember a long  discussion about the Middle East at one of the Intelligence Committee  meetings, and one of the members on the committee said that this is a  really hard, complicated subject. The witness that day, who was from  the CIA, said: ``Welcome to the Middle East.''   These are very difficult issues, but in order to make rational,  thoughtful, important, and very results-oriented decisions based upon  the information from these hearings, we have to know the facts. We have  to understand what the implications are and what the likely results are  but also, more fundamentally, just what is going on, on the ground.  Whether you look back 50 years, 100 years, or 150 years, often our  worst foreign policy misadventures have been based on one of two  things--either bad intelligence or intelligence that was somehow skewed  in order to meet the desires of the policymakers. If we don't have good  intelligence, we can't make good decisions.   A lot of attention has been paid to the people who were testifying at  that hearing--as I mentioned, the heads of the FBI and the CIA and the  Directors of National Intelligence, Defense Intelligence, and the  National Security Agency. Yet those individuals were speaking on behalf  of thousands of other people who are scattered around the world, who  often risk their lives to gain the information they were sharing with  us that day. It was not Dan Coats' opinion or Gina Haspel's opinion or  Paul Nakasone's opinion. They were distilling and presenting to us the  intelligence and the information that had been developed by their good  people over the course of the past month, week, years to inform us and  to inform the President of the best information available so we can  make the best decisions.   After the hearing, what disturbed me was the reaction of the  President of the United States. Instead of absorbing and listening to  this information, he dismissed it. He not only dismissed the  information, but he dismissed the messengers and said they had to go  back to school or that they were being naive. Now, I don't want to be  heard as having said that the intelligence community always gets it  right. I know, in my having sat through hearings on Afghanistan and  Syria and on many of the other difficult subjects we face, that there  are mistakes made and that Dan Coats does not have a direct line to the  Almighty in terms of the facts. They are not always right. Yet, if one  is going to dismiss their findings, it should be based upon some  additional set of facts or information from some source.   There were two things that bothered me about the President's  reaction. One was he essentially dismissed the facts in a whole series  of cases--of Iran and ISIS. Those were two we talked about. With regard  to North Korea and Russia, basically, he said: I don't believe any of  it. The problem with that is, it undermines the confidence you have in  the decision-making authority at the highest level if facts don't  matter. The information that is supplied is not by Dan Coats, not by  Gina Haspel, not by Paul Nakasone but is the view--the distilled  wisdom--of the thousands of people whose job it is, whose profession it  is, to ferret out the truth.   At the beginning of the hearing, Dan Coats gave the best synopsis I  have ever heard of the mission of the intelligence Agencies, of the  mission of our intelligence community. It was very simple--to seek the  truth and to speak the truth. That is exactly what they did at that  hearing. They sought the truth through the auspices of these very  professional, very thorough Agencies that are scattered throughout the  world. Then they spoke the truth by telling us what they learned.   The second problem I have with the President's reaction is a little  more subtle, and this goes to the heart of the relationship between the  intelligence community and policymakers. The subtle message that was  being sent was: Don't tell the boss things he doesn't want to hear.  Don't give it to us unvarnished. Style the information; sly the  information; amend the information in order to meet what is perceived  to be what the boss wants to hear. Whether the boss is this President,  a past President, or a future President, that is disastrous. The  intelligence community has to deal in facts and information, not  policy, but if the message is sent down through the ranks of ``don't  give me an assessment that disagrees with where I started,'' that will  start to happen.   Indeed, it is human nature. All of us want to be in the good graces  of the boss. All of us want to give our superiors information they want  to get. I was in law school over 50 years ago and had a friend who had  been a captain in Vietnam. He told the story of being on the ground in  Vietnam. There was a skirmish in which a half a dozen Viet Cong were  killed. He filed his report. His report went to the division. At that  point, half a dozen became 15. It went to headquarters where 15 became  50. It then went to Washington where 50 became 150. That is because  Washington wanted to see higher counts. That was the perception that  corrupted the process, not because people were being corrupt in the  sense of being evil or of wanting to do wrong but because they were  doing what is human nature, which is ``I want to please the person  above me in the chain of command.''   If the President of the United States is not so subtly telling the  intelligence community what he wants to hear, that will inevitably  affect the quality of the product he receives, which, indeed, will also  inevitably affect the quality of decisions he makes.   Again, I am not saying the intelligence community is always right. I  certainly believe the President or any other policymaker, including  Members of Congress who receive this information, need to review it  critically--ask questions, probe and prod--and try to be sure the  information is correct, but to dismiss it out of hand in a tweet, it  seems to me, is dangerous. It is dangerous because it undermines the  Executive's authority to make good decisions based upon the facts, and  it is dangerous because it has the potential for skewing the  information itself in the future. Either one of those things is a  danger to national security.   If the President has facts that are different than those that are  presented by the intelligence community, he should at least present  them and say: This isn't consistent with what I learned at ``such and  such'' a conference or what I am hearing from the State Department or  from what I am hearing from Homeland Security. Yet to simply say they  are naive, that they don't know what they are doing, and they should go  back to school denigrates the work of thousands of loyal, patriotic  Americans who are doing their level best to produce information upon  which good decisions can be made.   I stand today not to say the intelligence community always gets it  right but to say the intelligence community should at least get an  honest hearing and that the information they present is important to  this country. It is important to the President, and it is important to  the Congress. The day we  [[Page S791]]  start encouraging them to skew the information is the day the national  security of this country is at risk.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   