 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My amendment provides a much-needed increase of $3 million in funding  to International Trade Administration Enforcement and Compliance to  enforce the antidumping and counter vailing duty trade remedy laws.   My proposed offset is a similar reduction in International Trade  Administration, Global Markets. This program would still receive a  substantial increase in funding above the administration's request.   I thank the committee for its work in this regard to help fund trade  enforcement, but much more must be done.   Trade remedy enforcement is about protecting our manufacturing  workers and our businesses from illegal trade practices that cost jobs  and harm our economy. Look no further than my district in 2015 when  U.S. Steel announced that it was idling operations due to, in no small  part, illegally dumped and subsidized steel imports.   Unfortunately, when it comes to nations that engage in illegal trade  practices, business is booming, and no manufacturing business is immune  from harm. The number of antidumping and countervailing duty cases has  steadily increased over the years. In addition, even when the United  States has acted to protect our market, nations like China have found  ways to circumvent these protections to continue dumping products into  our country.   Antidumping and countervailing duties are our most important shield  against such illegal trade practices. However, these cases are very  complex. The investigations are time and labor intensive. They require  the collection and analysis of vast quantities of data. They require  thorough investigations and the verification of information from  foreign respondents.   While I am pleased the enactment of the bipartisan legislation I  sponsored has sped up this process, cases can take many months before a  determination is delivered. By then, it may be too late for victims of  illegal trade practices.   In addition, many businesses that are victims of illegal antidumping  and countervailing duty trade practices don't have the resources to  avail themselves of these remedies. They and their workers are relying  on us to provide a fair and level playing field.   Policymakers must set priorities. I fully support efforts to assist  our businesses to export to foreign nations.   The United States has the most open and competitive market in the  world. It is well past time other nations follow our example.   At the same time, our first priority must be to protect our workers  and businesses from unfair competition. Additional resources for the  Department of Commerce's Enforcement and Compliance will not only help  with those that have filed petitions, but it will also permit the  agency to self-initiate investigations, particularly for those workers  and firms that don't have the resources and administrative capacities  to file cases themselves. It will help combat the illegal circumvention  of products through other nations.   Mr. Chair, I urge the House to adopt my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in closing, let me say that this is an issue  that we have dealt with in this Nation for a very long time. This gives  us the opportunity to aggressively go after those that are illegally  importing and transporting those goods that are hurting American jobs.   For the sake of our American jobs and our businesses, I ask for the  support of the body, and I yield back the balance of my time.   