 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Madam Speaker, today I am in support of this resolution on the 30th  anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre, and I thank  Representative McGovern and Representative Smith for their leadership  on this resolution, which serves to remember the victims of the  violence and suppression of democracy protest in Tiananmen Square in  1989, and calls on the current Communist Government of China to respect  the universally recognized human rights of all people living in China  and around the world.   I just remember as a young man watching this--as probably many of the  people do--whole thing unfold on our television sets. We were rooting  for these people yearning to be free, and the man standing in front of  the tank. It is just emblazoned in our minds.   Thirty years ago in the spring of 1989, thousands of Chinese students  began staging peaceful protests for democratic reforms in China. They  were asking their Communist government for rights that are fundamental  to any democracy, including: freedom of expression, freedom of  assembly, and the elimination of official corruption.   They were asking for rights and freedoms that we enjoy in the United  States, but the Chinese citizens were being denied then, and believe it  or not, are still being denied today. Regardless of what we see on  television, regardless of what we might think because it says, ``made  in China,'' things are different in China.   When faced with the growing and intensifying peaceful protests, the  Communist leaders in 1989 chose a violent and authoritarian response,  and then lied about it and acted like it didn't happen. They chose to  declare martial  [[Page H4234]]  law and to intensify their use of authoritarian tactics to oppress and  control the people of China, culminating in the events in Tiananmen  Square.   On June 4, 10,000 to 15,000 soldiers in armored columns of tanks  outside Tiananmen Square fired directly at Chinese citizens and  indiscriminately at crowds in Beijing, inflicting high civilian  casualties. These were unarmed crowds, Madam Speaker, fired upon.   To this day, we still don't know how many civilians were killed that  day. Estimates range from hundreds to a few thousand and we can say  with confidence that thousands more civilians were wounded on June 4  and even a greater number were arrested for taking part in these  protests.   We are here today to honor those who were lost and affected by the  violent, authoritarian suppression of the Chinese Communist Government  in 1989, and to call for an end to China's current, continued  authoritarian suppression.   Unfortunately, parallels can be drawn between the Chinese Government  that perpetrated the Tiananmen Square massacre and the current regime  of President Xi and the Communist Party. In China today, there is  official government repression of freedom of speech, religion,  movement, association, and assembly.   We know at least 1 million, and some estimate up to 3 million Chinese  Muslims are forcibly interned in detention camps designed to erase  their religious and ethnic identities. This is something out of the  1930s and the 1940s that the world said would never happen again. It is  happening right now.   The Communist government has deployed tens of millions of evasive  high-tech surveillance cameras throughout the country to monitor the  general public. The cameras and other forms of surveillance are used to  intimidate political dissidents, religious leaders and adherents, and  minority groups.   In the Tibet Autonomous Region and other Tibetan areas, the Communist  government has installed surveillance cameras in monasteries. Tibetans  also face the monitoring and disruption of telephone and internet  communications.   And this is absolutely just the beginning with the establishment of  the system of social credits.    The State Department's 2018 Report on Human Rights Practices in China  has a long list of human rights abuses by the Chinese Communist  Government, to include: Unlawful killings by the government; forced  disappearances by the government; torture; arbitrary detention;  political imprisonment; arbitrary interference with privacy; physical  attacks on and criminal prosecution of journalists, lawyers, writers,  bloggers, dissidents, petitioners, and their family members;  interference with the rights of peaceful assembly and freedom of  association; as well as severe restrictions on religious freedoms.   I hope we can take an opportunity today to honor the victims of the  1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, highlighting that the Chinese people  still know very little about what transpired that night.   I also hope we can have a continued conversation about the current  Communist Chinese Party's authoritarian and oppressive tactics that are  continuing to violate the basic human rights of the Chinese people, and  I hope this is just the beginning of the conversation.   China is a clear and present danger. They have been in an economic  war, and information war. They have been at war with the West, and  particularly the United States, for the last several decades, and it is  high time that the American people wake up. This should just be the  beginning.   I thank the makers of this resolution for doing so, but I hope it is  just the beginning of the conversation, but more than the conversation,  the concrete actions that we take against China's aggressive and  authoritarian actions, not only to their own people, but to the rest of  the world, including the United States.   I hope that we not only support this President and this  administration when he does the right thing, taking a hard stance  against China, but that this Congress will take the lead on concrete  actions regarding China's malevolent behavior around the world, but  particularly in China, with their markets, with dumping on American  markets, with intellectual property theft, and the list goes on and on.   