 Mr. President, today I rise to speak about National Small  Business Week. As ranking member of the Senate Committee on Small  Business and Entrepreneurship, I want to thank the 30 million small  businesses in America for their contributions to our economy during  this National Small Business Week.   I look forward to National Small Business Week every year because it  is a chance for us to honor the small businesses and communities in  Maryland and across the country that may not make headlines, but they  steadily move our economy forward by improving industries, developing  new products, and creating employment opportunities for more than 47  percent of all American workers.   One tradition of National Small Business Week is that the Small  Business Administration selects a Small Business Person of the Year  from each State, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin  Islands, and Guam.   This year's Maryland Small Business Person of the Year is Zhensen  Huang,  [[Page S2758]]  the chief executive officer of Precise Software Solutions--an  innovative information technology company that is based in Rockville,  MD. Dr. Huang is also a professor of information systems at the  University of Maryland Baltimore County, where he is training future  leaders in Maryland's technology sector.   Small business owners like Dr. Huang are the cornerstone of  Maryland's economy, and their deep roots in the community help to shape  the culture and character of our State. I thank Dr. Huang for bringing  dynamism and ingenuity to Maryland's economy, and I wish him and his  colleagues continued success.   I have met with countless small business owners like Dr. Huang as I  have traveled across my home State of Maryland, which we proudly call  ``America in Miniature'' due to our diversity. From bustling  metropolitan areas like Baltimore City and the DC suburbs to rural  communities on the Eastern Shore and in Mountain Maryland, small  businesses are not just where we buy products and services; they are  the building blocks that make up our communities.   That is why I requested a seat on the Small Business and  Entrepreneurship Committee when I began serving in the Senate in 2007.  I wanted to make sure small businesses in Maryland and across the  country were receiving the support they needed from Washington.  Nationwide, small businesses account for 99.9 percent of all  businesses, with there being a total of nearly 31 million small  businesses that employ 60 million Americans.   According to the Small Business Administration Office of Advocacy,  small businesses created 1.8 million net jobs in 2016, the most recent  year for which data is available. Of those jobs created, more than 1.2  million were created by small businesses with fewer than 20 employees.  It is clear that small businesses are the growth engine that power our  economy, so it is on us in Congress to ensure that they receive the  support they need to overcome the unique challenges they face.   When I meet with small businesses across Maryland, one of their top  concerns is often their access to capital. Capital is the lifeblood of  small businesses. So, for many small businesses, an SBA-backed loan is  a lifeline that is the difference between success and failure in the  early, fragile stages of a small business's life.   I see the benefits of SBA-backed loans every time I drive past Under  Armour's headquarters in Baltimore. Without an SBA-backed loan, Under  Armour may not have been able to grow from a small business being run  out of a basement to the global brand, with thousands of employees in  Baltimore, that it is today. Last year alone, SBA-backed financing  helped nearly 75,000 small businesses access more than $36 billion in  capital, and it supported more than 725,000 jobs.   The SBA's finance programs are models of public-private partnerships  and do a lot of good in this country, but some of the programs are not  adequately reaching underserved communities, especially those of  minorities, women, and veterans. I do note that the SBA's Microloan  Program and the 7(a) Community Advantage Pilot Program do punch above  their weight in reaching underserved borrowers. We can learn from how  those programs are being operated to help underserved communities in  order to help modify loan programs such as the 7(a) and 504 so they may  be able to reach more of the underserved communities.   The chronic shortfall of SBA loans reaching the minority communities  is especially important in Maryland, which I am proud to say has the  highest average number of minority-owned businesses in the country.  Minority-owned firms are two to three times more likely to be denied  credit, more likely to avoid applying for loans based on the belief  that they will be turned down, and more likely to receive smaller loans  and pay higher interest rates on the loans they do receive.   Last September, I held a field hearing in Baltimore at Morgan State  University--a revered HBCU--to learn more about the struggles minority  entrepreneurs face in their accessing of capital.   One of the key takeaways from the hearing was that minority small  business owners need SBA to fill the gaps when private lenders often  fall short. Additionally, access to capital must go hand in hand with  entrepreneurial development training. The entrepreneurial development  programs at the SBA provided mentorship, business advice, and training  to more than 1.2 million entrepreneurs during fiscal year 2018.   These programs are invaluable. Data show that small businesses  created by entrepreneurs who receive at least 3 hours of SBA counseling  have higher success rates than small businesses created by  entrepreneurs who have not received that amount of counseling.   Knowing that small businesses, especially minority-owned small  businesses, need more support from the SBA, not less, is why I remain  deeply troubled by the administration's efforts to make vital business  counseling and SBA-backed loans more difficult to access.   The administration's fiscal year 2020 budget proposed more than a  quarter of a billion dollars in new fees for SBA-backed loans. Simply  put, this is a $255 million tax on American small business owners.  Additionally, instead of investing in entrepreneurial development  programs, the administration's recent budget proposed $67 million in  cuts to these programs.   The administration's efforts to undermine the SBA are even more  concerning considering the current lack of leadership at the Agency.  Since the resignation of Administrator Linda McMahon, the President has  not sent Congress a nomination for a new Administrator. I also remain  concerned about the administration's failure to nominate a Deputy  Administrator--a position that has been vacant for more than 12 months.   We hear from the administration that we haven't acted on their  nominees. We don't have the nominees to act on. As I speak, there are  thousands of small business owners from across the country who are  visiting Washington, DC, in order to participate in the National Small  Business Week events that have been scheduled, and many more are  participating in events across the country.   Let us honor them and their contributions by giving the SBA the tools  and leadership it needs to help entrepreneurs build successful small  businesses. I look forward to continuing to work with Chairman Marco  Rubio and our colleagues in the House, in a bipartisan fashion, to  support American small businesses so they can continue developing  innovative products and services and creating jobs.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   