 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1952, the  Intercountry Adoption Information Act, and thank my colleague from  Georgia, Representative Collins, for his partnership on this bipartisan  effort. I would also like to thank Chairman Engel and Ranking Member  McCaul for working together to ensure its expeditious consideration by  their committee and by the full House.   Whether adopting at home or abroad, every family should have the  information they need to navigate the process successfully. Yet,  families hoping to adopt from foreign countries can be unaware of  political and legal obstacles that may prevent them from doing so.   Russia's adoption ban in 2012 and the Democratic Republic of Congo's  intercountry adoption ban in 2013 are just two examples of policies  that left families in limbo while they were already in the process of  adopting.   More recently, more than 200 American families and Ethiopian children  with pending adoptions were stuck in heartbreaking uncertainty--unable  to unite their families--when  [[Page H3975]]  the Ethiopian government halted all foreign adoption processing.   As countries like Russia and Ethiopia change intercountry adoption  processes, or ban adoptions to the United States altogether, families  must have up-to-date information regarding policies that could make the  adoption process difficult, or even impossible. No family members  should be left in the dark, oceans away from each other, wondering if  they'll ever be united.   Under the Intercountry Adoption Act of 2000, the State Department is  required to provide an annual, public report on intercountry adoptions.  H.R. 1952 is simple. It would ensure that this report also includes  information on policies that may prevent or prohibit adoptions to the  United States.   This information would help families navigate the adoption process  successfully. I'm proud to lead this effort with Congressman Collins,  and I urge my colleagues to support it.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of Stronger CAPTA, which includes  provisions from the Safe Home Act, which is bipartisan legislation I  introduced with Representative   Don Bacon.   These provisions address unregulated custody transfers. This is the  frightening practice of transferring a child, usually an adopted child,  to a stranger outside the safeguards of the child welfare system.   Known as rehoming, this phenomenon occurs when parents lack the  supports to meet their children's needs and, instead, place them with  individuals who haven't undergone background checks, home studies or  supervision, where they are at risk of further abuse.   Unregulated custody transfers are a form of child abuse and neglect,  and Stronger CAPTA removes any ambiguity that might prevent child  welfare agencies from being able to investigate these cases. So it will  give States the tools to prevent, identify, and respond to such dangers  so that they can safeguard our most vulnerable youth.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Schrier for her leadership, and  I urge my colleagues to support Stronger CAPTA.   