 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of the Taiwan Assurance Act, a bill introduced to  deepen and expand U.S.-Taiwan relations. I want to thank Chairman Engel  and all those on the other side of the aisle and the gentleman from New  Jersey for agreeing to be the lead Democratic cosponsors of this  important bill that deepens our ties with Taiwan.   Of note, the bill urges the State Department to eliminate self- imposed restrictions on U.S. diplomatic interactions with Taiwan and to  provide Congress access to those policies for the first time.   Prior administrations have applied unnecessary and arbitrary  restrictions on their own interactions with officials from Taiwan. At  times, these restrictions expanded, apparently in response to  complaints by Communist China.   As the body that produced the Taiwan Relations Act, it is necessary  and appropriate for Congress to have awareness and a say in how these  policies are made. They go well beyond what is required by the  carefully crafted TRA, which does not even state that U.S.-Taiwan  relations are unofficial.   Since the TRA was enacted in 1979, Taiwan's Government has evolved  into a vibrant democracy, while the Chinese Government has become more  and more authoritarian.   It is improper to restrict relations with Taiwan to avoid offending  the Chinese Communist Party, and it is out of step with reality to keep  pretending that Taiwan is anything other than a fully functioning  democracy.   Taiwan deserves a more elevated relationship with the United States,  and I urge my colleagues to join me in rewarding Taiwan's commitment to  democracy by supporting the Taiwan Assurance Act.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just like to, once again, thank  Chairman  [[Page H3457]]  Engel and the entire Foreign Affairs Committee for their enthusiastic  support of this measure and their support for the democracy of Taiwan.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution reaffirming the  United States commitment to Taiwan and the implementation of the Taiwan  Relations Act.   I also want to thank my good friend Chairman Engel and Congressman  Sires for offering this resolution, which gives us an opportunity to  reflect on the importance of U.S.-Taiwan relations at a very critical  time.   As the House considers this measure today, the United States and  Taiwan share in a celebration, the 40th anniversary of the Taiwan  Relations Act, which occurred on April 10 of this year. The Taiwan  Relations Act remains one of Congress' most distinguished and lasting  contributions to U.S. foreign policy.   The TRA built an unshakable foundation for U.S.-Taiwan relations, and  the people of Taiwan have repaid this gesture by transforming Taiwan  into a beacon of democracy and individual liberties. As is often said,  Taiwan is a force for good in the world.   Reaffirming the U.S. commitment to Taiwan at this moment is also  essential because we are standing together to face a growing threat.  Communist Party General Secretary Xi Jinping is using all the tools at  his disposal--military, economic, informational, and diplomatic--to try  to destroy Taiwan's democracy.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution to  remind him once again that he will not succeed on our watch.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot), the senior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and a  former chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and  Nonproliferation.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my Championing American  Business Through Diplomacy Act, which I was pleased to introduce with  the support of my good friend, Chairman Engel.   Promoting American business abroad means promoting American  leadership, prosperity, and our values. It has always been, and should  remain, a key component of global diplomacy.   The very first edition of the Foreign Service Journal, then called  American Consular Bulletin, published in March of 1919, included a  letter from the editor that stated: ``The Consular Service was  organized by our Government for the purpose of furthering the interests  of American businesses abroad.''   This legislation makes the promotion of U.S. economic interests a  principal duty of our missions abroad and requires economic and  commercial training for our diplomats.   It also directs our foreign missions to promote trade agreements and  establish points of contact who can assist American businesses  interested in entering those foreign markets.   Promotion of American businesses abroad has never been more  important. As transitioning economies work to expand their wealth and  capacity, they look to America to bring expertise, financing, and  ingenuity.   If America does not step up its economic engagement in the world,  this vacuum will be filled by others, with a potentially devastating  impact on American national security.   While I speak, China is aggressively filling that void. However, its  approach does not respect the rights of workers, the environment, or  even the sovereignty of other nations.   China's Belt and Road Initiative is ensnaring developing nations into  Chinese debt traps from which they may never escape. This effort is  also leading to a new Chinese adventurism, complete with military  outposts and expanded leverage in various countries.   Ground zero for this competition in the developing world is Africa. I  have spent much time with African Governments and business leaders. All  have told me that America is just not there to compete. I applaud the  administration for its new Prosper Africa efforts and know that this  legislation is key to its success.   I can think of no better antidote to combat this predatory influence  than unleashing the vitality of American values through our private  sector. I naturally think of the world-class tech and energy companies  in my own district and home State of Texas.   Creating more international opportunities for American businesses  will help push back on growing Chinese influence across the globe.   It is time for America to fully wake up and get on the field, or we  may ask ourselves later why we did not do more to contain the Chinese  threat.   For these reasons, the Championing American Business Through  Diplomacy Act is a critical initiative that deserves our unanimous  support.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to just, again, thank Chairman Engel  for his support of this bipartisan bill, which was adopted unanimously  at our committee markup last month.   American businesses represent ingenuity, industry, and opportunity.  Unlike our strategic competitors, they do not go overseas pushing  large, government-subsidized construction projects that involve massive  debt or giving up control of strategic infrastructure.   They seek only access to markets and a fair playing field, which  allows the kind of win-win partnerships that are the genius of the free  enterprise system.   In this era of strategic competition, supporting their access to  these economies abroad should be a priority of American diplomacy. The  stability that we help provide with our enterprise will help bring us  and the world security as well. That is the aim of this bill.  [[Page H3461]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   