 Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak about immigration in  America.   My father was born in Italy. He came to the United States as a young  boy. I am a first-generation American, and I don't like the hateful and  divisive rhetoric being used about immigrants today. I am appalled at  the way my country is treating the children and families of immigrants.   My dad came to America in the early 1920s. He was the first of his  neighborhood to graduate from college. During World War II, he served  as a navigator on a B-24 and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross  with three oakleaf clusters. He returned home and  [[Page H7603]]  graduated from Harvard Law School on the GI Bill.   As a young, Harvard-educated lawyer and Italian immigrant, however,  my dad couldn't find a job. Italians were not respected, and after  Hitler teamed up with Mussolini during the war, Italian Americans were  not trusted, either.   My dad decided to return to Glen Cove, where he teamed up with  another Italian lawyer, ran for city court judge, and became the  youngest judge in the history of New York State.   My father achieved many other great successes, and he would always  say, ``What a country.'' His life was the very essence of the American  Dream.   Our American Dream, however, is at risk. It may soon be the American  nightmare.   Well, I still believe in my father's American Dream, and I am  committed to keeping it alive.   Immigration has been an issue for decades, yet after all these years,  Congress has yet to pass immigration reform.   President Trump's cruel, divisive, and simply unworkable positions  have made things worse. His policies and rhetoric have exacerbated the  problem, permeating a culture of fear that forces many immigrants  further into the shadows.   I have been an advocate for fair and reasonable immigration policies  for more than 25 years. As mayor of my hometown of Glen Cove, New York,  in 1994, I created the very first shape-up center on the East Coast of  the United States of America. It gave newcomers from Central and South  America a safe place to get hired and made sure they got paid for the  work they did. If they didn't get hired, they could stay and learn  English or new job skills.    As county executive, in 2007, I refused to let ICE work with my  Nassau County Police Department because ICE was acting like cowboys,  drawing guns and knocking down doors, intimidating children and  families who were not even subject to their raids and all of who  together presented no risk of violence whatsoever.   Today, those same guys who gathered on the street corners of Glen  Cove now own their own businesses and own their own homes, and their  kids attended school with my kids.   But now, President Trump's heartless immigration actions are  separating parents from their children, and children are being housed  in cages.   I have seen it with my own eyes. This past July, I traveled to  McAllen and Brownsville, Texas, to personally inspect the detention and  relief centers, visit points of entry, speak with migrant families, and  meet with humanitarian aid organizations. My visit to the detention  centers along our southern border was heartbreaking. I saw men, women,  and children being held in awful conditions.   Our system is broken. These centers are overcrowded, unsanitary, and  clearly ill-equipped to care for people in great numbers.   Meanwhile, the administration continues to promulgate more callous  and mean-spirited decisions aimed at further attacking immigrants.  Deporting children with cancer and diverting funds from military  programs to build the wall, including money that was meant to go toward  building schools for military families, and keeping immigrant children  locked in indefinite detention are unconscionable.   These decisions endorsed by this administration are not consistent  with American values. America is founded on the fundamental principle  that ``all men and women are created equal.'' It is not that everyone  with a green card or U.S. citizenship is created equal; it is that  every man and woman is created equal and should be treated with human  respect and dignity.   We must continue holding congressional hearings on forced family  separation; the detention of children for prolonged periods of time;  the decision to end TPS and DACA, the Dreamer plan; and the  overwhelming backlog in U.S. immigration courts.   We must also defund hate, as my friends at Bend the Arc are  advocating, and set a floor for refugee admissions at 95,000, as my  friends at the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society are advocating.   In addition to defunding the hateful policies of this administration,  we must also strive for comprehensive immigration reform that treats  people like human beings, lives up to the American Dream, gives a path  of citizenship for TPS recipients and Dreamers, gives protection to  millions of others, and secures our borders.   Robert F. Kennedy once said, ``When we tolerate what we know to be  wrong, when we close our eyes and ears to the corrupt because we are  too busy or too frightened, when we fail to speak up and speak out, we  strike a blow against freedom and decency and justice.''   We need to restore truth and compassion to the debate over  immigration in America, and we need to do it now, because the promise  of the American Dream demands it.   