 Mr. President, late last night, we received the text of  the appropriations agreement to fund the remaining portions of the  government through the end of this fiscal year, which is through the  end of September.   We were successful in doing something that we had not done in a long  time previously, which was to fund 75 percent of the Federal  Government, leaving 25 percent remaining. Unfortunately, the remaining  25 percent was held hostage to this unreasonable and unnecessary debate  over whether we should fund border security. I say the debate was  unnecessary because I thought that we all shared a conviction that it  was important to secure our border.   It is important to note that most of the bill that we will vote on  later today has been out in the public domain for more than 6 months.  It is the product of bipartisan deliberation by the Appropriations  Committee and has been available to any Senator who might want to be  acquainted with the details.   The part that is relatively new is the detail relative to border  security. I am pleased that, notwithstanding Speaker Pelosi's statement  that physical barriers are somehow immoral, this does authorize and  fund up to 55 miles of additional fencing along the U.S.-Mexico border.   I believe that border security consists of three components: physical  barriers in hard-to-control locations; technology, which is important  as a force multiplier; and then, of course, the boots on the ground-- the Border Patrol agents, who are absolutely essential. I am pleased to  say that this piece of legislation incorporates all  [[Page S1348]]  three of those components of what makes up smart and sensible border  security.   I am also happy to see that the initial demands made by our  colleagues across the aisle that we limit the number of detention beds  are not in this bill and that law enforcement can continue to detain  people with criminal records who happen to be illegally in this country  so that we can discourage and deter further illegal immigration.   One of the worst aspects of our broken immigration system is this  notion of catch-and-release. During the George W. Bush administration,  I remember talking to Secretary Chertoff about this huge upsurge in  Brazilians coming across our border. I asked Secretary Chertoff why we  were seeing all these Brazilians coming. He said it was catch-and- release. They knew that if there were no penalty associated with coming  across or if they wouldn't be detained, there was no deterrence.   I am glad to see that this appropriations bill, which will prevent  another government shutdown, contains no cap on detention beds to  detain criminal aliens and others who are exploiting vulnerabilities in  our immigration system.   I would say, though, one of the things that is notably absent in this  bill is an extension of the Violence Against Women Act, which provides  resources to assist women who are victims of domestic violence and  sexual assault. Republicans made absolutely clear from the get-go that  we wanted to extend the current law. I am incredulous that our  Democratic colleagues objected to extending the current law, the  Violence Against Women Act.   It is really hard for me to believe that Speaker Pelosi and House  Democrats object to a modest extension of this critical legislation,  which helped countless victims receive the support they need, but  because of the political jockeying, the Violence Against Women Act will  expire at midnight tomorrow. There were two options available to us.  One was to provide an extension through the end of the fiscal year-- through the end of September--which would have allowed us to work on a  long-term reauthorization under regular order. The second option, which  our Democratic colleagues chose, is to do nothing and let this  important legislation expire while trying to plot out a long-term plan.  The choice seemed pretty obvious to me, but apparently not to Speaker  Pelosi and not to the Democratic leader here in the Senate.   Since my days as attorney general, I have long been a believer in  advocating for victims' rights. I am beyond disappointed that we have  ended up in this situation. It is shameful to play politics with the  Violence Against Women Act. But because of their obstruction, this  important resource for victims across the country will lapse tomorrow  night at midnight.   