 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to President  Trump's nominee for Chief Counsel of the Internal Revenue Service,  Michael Desmond.   This nominee comes before us just a week into this year's filing  season, when our need for an IRS that treats all taxpayers fairly is  clearer than ever.   Already, thousands of taxpayers across America are grappling with the  fallout of the Trump tax bill and its capping of the State and local  tax, or SALT, deduction. Already, the IRS has reported an average 17  percent drop in the size of tax refunds this year. Already, the broken  promises made by President Trump and his Republican allies are being  laid bare.   They promised middle-class families thousands of dollars of tax  relief and a $4,000 raise in their salaries. Instead, they got $1.5  trillion in more debt and an economy that is even more rigged for big  corporations and wealthy CEOs.   As bad as the Trump tax scam is for the whole country, it is worse  for New Jersey families. That is because Republicans paid for a big  chunk of their corporate giveaways by gutting the State and local tax  deduction that New Jersey and other States' middle-class families  depend on to write off their property taxes. In 2016, 1.8 million  people--about 40 percent of New Jersey taxpayers--deducted their  property and State income taxes. More than 80 percent of them earned  less than $200,000, and the average deduction totaled $18,000--far  above the arbitrary cap imposed by the Trump tax bill.   With tax season under way, many homeowners are just now realizing how  badly their President ripped them off. To add insult to injury, the IRS  issued haphazard guidance for the Trump tax bill that unfairly targets  States like New Jersey, trying to simply lessen the burden heaped on  them by the GOP.   In the final days of 2017, just days after President Trump signed the  tax bill, New Jerseyans rushed to prepay their 2018 local property  taxes and preserve their deductions before the new cap on the SALT  deductions took effect. But then came Trump's IRS, which issued  guidance to try to limit their ability to deduct property tax payments  made in 2017 on their Federal returns--a stunning backdoor attempt to  retroactively apply the cap on property tax deductions without cleared  legislative tax to warrant doing so.  [[Page S1509]]    Months later, the IRS again changed the rules on us by attacking New  Jersey's new charitable deduction tax credit program. The IRS never had  a problem when 32 other States offered tax credits for charitable  donations. Only when New Jersey and other similarly situated States  created a similar program did the IRS decide to change the rules.   Mr. Desmond would be the Chief Counsel of the IRS, the position  directly overseeing the IRS's interpretation of these rule changes.  Throughout his nomination, I was given no indication that Mr. Desmond  would give fair treatment on these important issues affecting New  Jersey and other States.   The full deductibility of State and local taxes has been a bedrock  principle of our Tax Code since the income tax's creation in 1913, and  that concept stretches all the way back to Alexander Hamilton's  writings about the autonomy of States under the U.S. Constitution.   This commonsense policy allows States to invest in things like public  safety, education, and infrastructure--the very things that make New  Jersey a great place to live, work, and raise a family.   Make no mistake, the property tax deduction isn't just important for  homeowners. It matters to all New Jersey families. It is why our public  schools rank among the best in the Nation. It is why Save the Children  named us the No. 1 State in America to raise a child. I want it to stay  that way.   We must protect the investments that make New Jersey a place where  families thrive. That is why last month I introduced bipartisan  legislation to fully restore the State and local tax deduction. It is  called the SALT Act, which stands for ``Stop the Attack on Local  Taxpayers.'' It is no secret that in New Jersey and in many of the  Nation's most economically productive States, families face high  property tax bills and a higher cost of living. Our bill is designed to  provide some relief. Simply put, the more you pay in property and State  taxes, the more relief you get from our bill, and we help pay for it by  repealing some of Trump's most unnecessary tax breaks for the  superwealthy. It is the exact opposite of what the Trump tax bill says,  which is, basically that the higher the cost of living is in your  State, the more you pay in State and local taxes and the more you will  owe to the Federal Government. That makes no sense.   Make no mistake, President Trump and his administration and the IRS  have it out for States like New Jersey. Mr. Desmond would be the  arbiter of how the IRS would interpret important tax issues affecting  these States. That is why I oppose his nomination.   I yield back my time.   