 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Ms. Jayapal, for  yielding me some time. I want to thank my friend from Wisconsin (Mr.  Grothman) for his supportive words. I appreciate that.   I am happy that we here today to pass H.R. 2134, the Helen Keller  National Center Reauthorization Act of 2019, which I am glad to author  and introduce with my colleagues, Representatives  Tom Suozzi and   Tom  Cole. Without their support, as well as the support of Representatives  Rosa DeLauro, Pete King, and Chairman Bobby Scott, this legislation  would not be on the floor today.   The Helen Keller National Center for Deaf-Blind Youths and Adults was  first authorized by Congress in 1967 to assist the deaf-blind community  in America. To this day, it is the only comprehensive national program  that provides information, referrals, support, and training exclusively  to Americans who have combined vision and hearing loss, while also  supporting families and professionals who work with the deaf-blind  community.   Unfortunately, the center's authorization has lapsed, but through our  actions today, we will be able to reauthorize it through 2023 and  continue to advocate on its behalf during the annual appropriations  process.   In my home State of Wisconsin, the Helen Keller National Center has  partnered with the Wisconsin Division of Vocational Rehabilitation  through a formal agreement to provide job preparation and job placement  services, independent living, and communication skills, training, and  self-advocacy training.   Additionally, it co-led the Midwest Deaf-Blind Transition Institute  this past July, where deaf-blind youths from across Wisconsin and their  family members explored post-high school options and met with peer  mentors.   The center has also recently provided training to 55 professionals in  Wisconsin on haptics, a system of providing tactual signs to deaf-blind  persons to relay information, which can increase independence and  engagement in daily life.   Clearly, the work the Helen Keller National Center performs is vital  and life-changing. That is why I am proud to stand here on the floor of  the House of Representatives in support of the center and its work. The  Helen Keller National Center is worthy of all of our support.   I thank Sue Ruzenski at the Helen Keller National Center for bringing  its work and the needs of the deaf-blind community to my attention.  [[Page H7734]]    I thank Jacque Mosely of the House Education and Labor Committee, who  has been invaluable.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to stand in support of the  American deaf-blind community and vote in favor of this bipartisan  legislation before us.   