 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is one of Congress's main duties-- arguably, its single most important duty--to provide for the common  defense of our great country. That sometimes means and necessarily  entails providing additional funds for unforeseen costs and emergencies  in times of war. Troops might run out of equipment or munitions or  might need to be transported through war zones, and it is of the utmost  importance that they have what they need and that they can get where  they need to go to fight for our country and to protect us against our  most pressing and dangerous threats.   In the past, Congress provided emergency supplemental funding to take  care of precisely these costs. If it didn't appropriate enough to begin  with or if some of these unforeseen costs arose, perhaps in excess of  what Congress had already planned for, Congress would fill the gap and  would make adjustments to the following year's base budget to account  for them. In other words, Congress was doing its job, and it was doing  its job in a thoughtful manner--one that was fiscally responsible and  one that acknowledged Congress's constitutional role as a lawmaking  body and the body responsible for funding war operations and declaring  war.   But after the September 11 attacks, something seemed to change. In  2001, the Bush administration created a fund called the Global War on  Terrorism account, sometimes known operatively as GWOT, separate from  the base budget. From then on, what was once emergency spending for  warfighting gaps became a general fund that Congress has used for  military spending and primarily for operations in the Middle East. Year  after year, Congress has anticipated this very type of spending, and  year after year it has failed to integrate that anticipated spending  into the baseline budget.   When the Obama administration took over, it changed the name from  GWOT to Overseas Contingency Operations, or OCO. This is an account  that was newly created in that administration, but the Obama  administration left the fundamental practice of GWOT in place. This was  GWOT by a different name.   When the Budget Control Act was passed in 2011, President Obama  requested OCO to be exempted from its defense spending limits. That  practice has continued to this day, such that these funds are still  exempt from those limits.   What has been the result of this trajectory? Well, OCO has morphed  into an unaccountable slush fund for the Pentagon, insulated from  scrutiny and certainly unchecked by budget spending caps. It is no  longer funds that are provided for unforeseen expenses, and no one here  really pretends otherwise.   Instead, administrations from both parties have continued to ask for  billions of these dollars each year, completely outside the budget  process, for what really are predictable, ongoing activities in the  Middle East and elsewhere. And Congress has continually enabled them,  perpetuating this broken, unaccountable system of budgeting and  spending.   Since 2001, Congress has appropriated about $2 trillion in total for  these funds, accounting for 17 percent of defense spending during that  time period, with each dollar adding to our rising and, indeed,  staggering debt of $22 trillion. This is not responsible budgeting,  oversight, or governance, and it must not continue.   In addition to mending this broken, irresponsible method of  financing, it is far past time that we reassess the operations toward  which this money is going.   We have now been in Afghanistan for 18 years, and we have now been in  Iraq for 16 years. We have deposed Saddam Hussein, and we have killed  Osama bin Laden. We have accomplished much of what we set out to do,  but we have also been pulled into nation building in countries  thousands of miles away, causing serious harm to those countries and  our own credibility in the process. Yet these wars drag on and on, with  no end in sight.    Unfortunately, the bill before us, the National Defense Authorization  Act for fiscal year 2020, maintains the broken status quo for OCO,  authorizing yet another $75 billion--a $7 billion increase from last  year. It perpetuates the misguided strategy we have been undertaking in  the Middle East since the beginning of the wars in Afghanistan and in  Iraq.   It continues funding--in dollars and weapons and with people-- missions that have no clear end goal for problems that were never ours  in the first place. For example, it authorizes almost $5 billion for  the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, and it calls for a stabilization  strategy in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Somalia, Yemen, and Libya. But in  addition to these dubious nation-building investments that lack an  overall strategy--at least an overall strategy communicated to the  American people that tells them how these operations will make them  safer--there is still a deeper problem. Congress never authorized  military engagement in four out of six of these countries to begin  with.   Article I, section 8 of the Constitution unequivocally states that  Congress shall have the power to declare war--Congress, not the  President, not the Pentagon, and not someone else in the executive  branch, but Congress. Regardless of whether engagement in a particular  country may or may not be a worthy foreign policy goal, we cannot  escape this point.   The Founders could not have been clearer. The executive branch must  have authorization from Congress to go to war. This was understood at  the time of the founding. It was written into Federalist 69, in which  Alexander Hamilton explained that this is one of the distinguishing  characteristics between our system and the system from which we broke  away--from London-based national government headed by a King, a King  who had the authority to start a war on his own without consulting his  Parliament. Our system was to be different, so they put the power to  declare war in Congress.   Why? Well, because it is the branch of government most accountable to  the people at the most regular intervals through elections. They did it  this way and designed it this way precisely because they understood  what is at stake when we go to war. It is not only our precious  financial resources on the line but our most precious human resources-- the brave men and women who are willing to lay down their lives when we  go to war.   So they intended these decisions to be debated and discussed and  considered with utmost deliberation and consideration in front of the  American people by their elected, accountable representatives.   For these same reasons, it is as much Congress's duty to take an  active role  [[Page S4530]]  in prudently overseeing the operations that it has authorized and  denying funds to those it has not. Unfortunately, this National Defense  Authorization Act largely falls short here too. First, instead of  perpetuating these seemingly indefinite wars, it ought to actively  prepare a strategy to phase out our engagement in the Middle East,  particularly for authorizations of force that have lasted for almost 20  years. Second, for any remaining authorizations, it ought to aim for  using our resources and our personnel in a way that is far more  efficient than the status quo.   Meanwhile, the world has not been static since we began the war on  terror. Our country is facing new threats. The national defense  strategy laid out by President Trump and the administration does  refocus our efforts on stemming the threats posed by Russia and China,  and this NDAA does reflect some of that strategy by addressing some of  our most immediate needs to counter them.   For instance, it reaffirms defense commitments in the Indo-Pacific  and in the Baltic States, as well as information gathering on technical  and nuclear capabilities that can be found in both countries. It also  prioritizes the Arctic region, which both Russia and China are seeking  to leverage.   But there are other threats this NDAA fails to address; namely, our  threats in the Western Hemisphere. In fact, it lacks a comprehensive  defense strategy or plan for the Western Hemisphere entirely. It is by  no means prudent to ignore our neighbors to the south, especially given  the rampant instability throughout the region, including that caused by  the Maduro regime in Venezuela. Indeed, if we fail to secure our  borders from the immediate threats we face in the Western Hemisphere,  it could become impossible to truly provide for our Nation's common  defense.   We ought to reject the status quo and reject the failures evident in  this bill and the process that brings it to us. What we should be doing  is drawing down our OCO account and integrating this spending into the  $642.5 billion baseline defense budget. We should be having a real  debate on whether we should continue to be entrenched in the Middle  East, and we should be adjusting our defense strategy and the dollars  behind that defense strategy to address the most pressing threats we  face today.   These matters are some of the most important decisions we will ever  be called upon to make in this body as Senators, as officers within the  legislative branch of government who are sworn to uphold, protect, and  defend the Constitution of the United States. We should take the time  to get these things right. They merit debate over the course of months,  not simply days or weeks, and they merit not just the participation of  the Armed Services Committee members but the active participation and  the utmost care and diligence of all 535 Members of Congress, who  themselves have taken an oath to uphold, protect, and defend the  Constitution of the United States.   It is about time that Congress exercise its most solemn duty of  prudently budgeting and strategizing to protect the American people.  Providing for the common defense requires nothing less.   I yield the floor.   