 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, transportation is responsible for  roughly two-thirds of our national consumption of petroleum and one of  the largest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions. But imagine a  future where we could produce low-cost, secure clean energy  technologies to move people and goods easily across our Nation. Imagine  if we could then sell our advanced American technology and products to  the rest of the world.   Well, that is a future, by working together, we can indeed achieve.  There is no question that the cars and trucks of the future can be  equipped with technology to make them safer and more fuel efficient  while also saving consumers money.   Rapidly emerging technology has the potential not only to reduce air  emissions, but their development could also create jobs in Michigan and  across the Nation, and these are jobs that cannot be outsourced. We  must ensure that the United States leads the way in developing these  innovations. That is why I reintroduced the bipartisan Vehicle  Innovation Act with my colleagues Senator Alexander and Senator  Stabenow.   The Vehicle Innovation Act promotes research and development  investments in clean vehicle and advanced safety technologies. The bill  also modernizes  [[Page S2411]]  the Vehicle Technologies Office within the Department of Energy, which  exists to help create and sustain American leadership in the transition  to a global clean energy economy.   This office's leadership has already led to improvements in engine  efficiency through vehicle weight reductions and reduced fuel  production costs, and the Vehicle Innovation Act will help ensure that  these continued innovations move forward.   I am proud to again partner on this bill with Senator Alexander and  fellow Michigander, Senator Debbie Stabenow. In the last Congress, we  were able to pass the Vehicle Innovation Act through the Senate. Now,  with fellow Michigan delegation Members, Congresswomen Debbie Dingell  and Haley Stevens, leading this bill in the House, there is no reason  this legislation should not be enacted into law.   The bill is supported by labor, by industry, and by conservation  groups, including the United Auto Workers, the Motor & Equipment  Manufacturers Association, the Auto Alliance, the BlueGreen Alliance,  and the Natural Resources Defense Council.   America should lead the world in clean energy advancements, and I  urge my colleagues to support the Vehicle Innovation Act.   I yield the floor.   