 Mr. President, later today, the House of Representatives  will pass a proposal that will be supported by 95, 97 percent of  Americans.  [[Page S1513]]  This is a proposal to make sure anybody in this country who wants to  buy a gun in a legitimate transaction has to go through a background  check--a background check that in 90 percent of the cases takes less  than 5 minutes of time. That background check will assure that only  people who should be buying guns and owning guns will be buying and  owning guns--people who don't have violent criminal histories and  people who don't have histories of serious mental illness. It is a  popular proposal. It is an impactful proposal. It will save thousands  of lives all across this country.   I have come down to the floor to just remind my colleagues as to why  this is so important, and I want to tell a quick story to try to put a  little meat on the bone when it comes to this conversation we are  having about the importance of making sure people go through background  checks before they buy weapons.   Mr. President, 2008 to 2012 was a period of time in this country's  history where violence was declining. Homicides were declining. Gun  murders were declining. They were declining across the country.  Specifically during that period of time, they were declining in the  Midwest. Yet there was one State that stood out as a curious outlier  during that period of time, and that was the State of Missouri.   In the State of Missouri, there was a dramatic jump during this  period of time in gun homicides. In fact, it happened right away after  2007. In 2008 and 2009, about 50 to 60 to 70 additional people every  year were being murdered with guns inside Missouri. A researcher from  Johns Hopkins went to try to figure out why this was, and I think it is  important to tell that story on the floor today.   Let me give a little historical context first. During the Civil War,  Missouri was one of the most violent, most dangerous places in the  country because there were these outlaws, these renegades of  Confederates who were out in the bush--they call them the  bushwhackers--who were doing regular battle with Union troops. It was  one of the first instances of true, sustained guerilla warfare in this  Nation. When the Civil War was over, they didn't go home. They had been  brutally put down by the Union, but they stuck, and they formed their  own smaller criminal enterprises.   We know about this because Jesse James and his brother Frank were  amongst those who made their name as bushwhackers fighting the Union  and then turned into criminals who robbed stage coaches and banks and  trains.   To combat this post-Civil War continuation of violence, Missouri  decided to change its firearms laws, and it started with a crackdown on  the ability of individuals to conceal weapons. It extended to a change  in the Constitution to make it perfectly clear that Missouri  politicians had the ability to limit who could own guns and who  couldn't.   Eventually, a provision got passed that said that in order to own a  handgun, you had to get a permit from your local authority. As time  went on, that permit came to include a background check, so that if you  wanted to own a gun in Missouri, you had to go and get a background  check. You had to prove you did not have a serious criminal history or  a serious history of mental illness.   What happened in 2007 was that, very quietly, that provision got  repealed. It was part of a much louder effort to repeal a whole host of  gun laws in Missouri. Missouri kind of became the epicenter of the  NRA's focus in the 2000s. It was this Southern--semi-Southern State  that still had pretty tough gun laws, and the NRA went all in and had  their annual convention in St. Louis and spent millions of dollars  trying to elect folks who would sign laws they were pushing through the  legislature. In 2007, they finally got their way. They got all these  laws that had been passed since the Civil War repealed. One of them was  the law that required you to get a background check before you could  buy a gun.   The researcher from Johns Hopkins sort of looked at all these laws,  controlled for all sorts of other factors, and came to the conclusion-- you should read the paper; it is very well done--that it was this  provision which removed the background check that led to this dramatic  spike in violence. He has all sorts of interesting data to show why  that is. All the other violent crime in Missouri stayed flat from 2008  to 2012, but gun crimes spiked. All of a sudden, guns bought in  Missouri were being used in crimes all over the region. Other States  started to report an increase--a curious, sudden increase--in crime  guns that were bought in Missouri. Well, guess why. It was because all  of a sudden, you didn't have to get a background check if you wanted to  buy a gun in Missouri. All of a sudden, criminals and people with  serious mental illnesses could get guns through gun shows and internet  sales--transactions on the private market--without that background  check.   I tell this story because I hear opponents of this bill in the House  saying: This isn't meaningful. It won't work. These mass shootings  weren't perpetuated with weapons that were bought without background  checks.   Well, that is true. This one public policy intervention won't stop  every single bad thing that happens in this country. But the data is  the data, and it shows us that States that have background checks have  dramatically lower rates of gun crime than States that don't have them.   A little bit earlier than the changes made in Missouri, my State of  Connecticut made the opposite change. My State of Connecticut made a  change to go from being a non-background check State to a background  check State. We put in a local permit that came with a background check  requirement. So even if you bought your gun outside of a bricks-and- mortar gun store, you had to get a permit, and that permit required you  to get a background check.   Well, that same researcher went to Connecticut, ran all the numbers,  and found out that in Connecticut, after that change was made, gun  murders dropped by 40 percent. They increased in Missouri by about 25  percent and decreased in Connecticut by about 40 percent--and again  controlling for all sorts of other factors that could explain those  changes.   So on both sides of the ledger, there is what I would tell you is  incontrovertible evidence that a State that has background checks is  going to end up having many fewer gun crimes than a State that doesn't  have them. The problem is, as we saw in and around Missouri, guns don't  respect borders, so when Missouri dropped its gun background check  requirement, those guns started moving into other States.   That is what happened in my State. The guns that are used to commit  crimes in our cities--the guns that are trafficked out of the back of  vans--aren't bought from Connecticut gun stores; they are bought by  criminals in other States because they know they can go to gun shows  and they can turn to internet sales in those other States and buy those  weapons.    The same thing happens as weapons move across our border. I have  heard an awful lot from this President about how dangerous Mexico and  Central America are. Well, there is some truth to that, but the guns  that are being used in those crimes are trafficked from the United  States of America, and the way they get to the southern border is  through States that don't have background check requirements.   Just go online and check out what people say who have been arrested  for gun trafficking. They tell you exactly how they did it. They go to  gun shows in Texas. They buy guns at unregulated gun shows in Texas,  and they take them back across the border and sell them in Central  America.   So we have all the evidence we need--empirical evidence, anecdotal  evidence--to pass this piece of legislation, but maybe the most  important reason that we should pass it, that we should take it up here  in the Senate when it passes the House later today, is that it is just  so darn popular. There really isn't anything else in America today that  is as popular as universal background checks. The minimum score is  about 90 percent. There is plenty of really good polling that says that  97 percent of Americans support universal background checks. Grandma  isn't that popular. Apple pie isn't that popular. There is nothing we  debate here that gets 97 percent on agreement other than the issue of  background checks.   So I am here on the floor today to try to fill in some of the details  on why this is so important and to implore my colleagues, once it  passes the House of Representatives, to bring it here. Obviously, I  would love to have a vote on  [[Page S1514]]  the House bill, but I understand how this place works. We are going to  send a letter to Chairman Graham asking him to at the very least  convene a hearing on background checks in the Judiciary Committee.   We came to a conclusion here in the Senate as to a bipartisan  background checks proposal that could get 50 votes--in 2013--and I  would love to start that process again. But there is no reason not to  do it because all the evidence tells us that when we make sure that  only the right people buy guns, a lot less people die from gun crimes.   This is not controversial anywhere except for Washington, DC.  Everybody out there in the American public wants us to pass universal  background checks. Maybe some other interventions in this space are a  little bit more controversial, split folks a little bit more, but not  background checks. This thing is decided outside of the Senate Chamber  and the House Chamber. Popular in the public, deeply impactful, will  save thousands of lives--that is a triple we don't get very often here,  and we should take advantage of the opportunity.   Let me leave you with this: I convened a panel a couple of nights ago  to talk about the importance of background checks, and there were a  number of parents of those who were lost to gun violence. One of the  parents was from Sandy Hook. Another was a parent of a child who was  killed in Chicago, and she really wanted to make sure we knew what the  real impact of gun violence in America was. She wanted to make sure we  knew that the victims aren't just those who show up on the police  blotter; the victims are the parents and the brothers and the sisters  and the friends and the coworkers.   The average number of people who experience some diagnosable trauma  when somebody in their life is shot and killed is 20. So when you hear  the number that 100 people in the United States die every day from  guns--which is a number 10 to 20 times higher than in any other high- income nation on a per capita basis--you have to understand that number  isn't really 100; that number is 20 times higher than that because the  people who have to live with that loss have to ask these questions: Why  did they shoot themselves? What do I do about that individual who shot  my son? How do I get over that combination of pain and anger? That is  hard to understand unless you have spent time with the mothers and the  fathers who will be dealing with this catastrophic, life-changing  trauma for the rest of the time they are on this Earth.   So that is why this is so serious to me. It is because we have an  answer for their pain--not an answer that will stop every gun crime in  this country but an answer that will result in thousands fewer people  dying. We know that because the evidence tells us that. And I can't  explain to these families--to that mother in Chicago--why something  that has been proven to work and is supported by 90 percent of  Americans can't get a vote or a debate in the Senate.   I will leave it at that for today. I hope that when this passes in  the House with a big bipartisan majority, we will take advantage of the  opportunity to get a big bipartisan majority here in the Senate. If the  Republican majority commits to starting that process, I guarantee that  will be the result.   I want to thank all of the people who made this possible in the House  today.   For the record, I have introduced a version of H.R. 8 here in the  U.S. Senate.   To Chairman Nadler,   Mike Thompson, Speaker Pelosi, Majority Leader  Hoyer, and to their Republican cosponsors who helped bring it to the  floor--I thank them on behalf of all of the folks they will never know,  those lives they will save by their action today if we do the right  thing and take it up here in the Senate.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   