 Mr. President, I come to the floor to express my  support for ratifying the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949  on the Accession of North Macedonia. In light of the Kremlin's ongoing  aggression against the United States, against Ukraine, and against many  of our democratic allies, today's vote sends an important signal that  we are serious about standing up to Moscow. A strong NATO is critical  to the security of the United States, and supporting NATO's expansion  is one of the most important things this body can do to protect our  Nation.   This historic vote would not be happening without the Prespa  Agreement between Greece and North Macedonia, which resolved the two  countries' name dispute and came into force in February. I want to  acknowledge the hard work of these countries, as well as the tireless  efforts of American diplomats, to make Prespa a reality.   North Macedonia has already made notable contributions to the  security of the U.S. and of NATO. North Macedonia has deployed more  than 4,000 troops to Iraq in support of U.S. efforts there, and in  2018, North Macedonia boosted its contribution to Afghanistan by 20  percent.   It actively supports the international counter-ISIS coalition and has  also supported missions in Kosovo. This history of partnership with the  U.S. on important security issues speaks strongly in favor of North  Macedonia's inclusion in the Alliance.   NATO is strongest when all of its members contribute, and I am glad  that North Macedonia is committed to hitting the target of spending 2  percent of its GDP on defense by 2024. The government has already made  great progress towards that target, and we must hold them to that  promise.   I also want to stress the importance of all NATO members spending 2  percent of GDP on defense. Our allies have increased their defense  spending since 2014 in response to a clear and growing threat from the  Kremlin. We must work to make sure that trend continues, and we must do  it as partners, not as bullies.   We must also remember that belonging to NATO is about more than  military capabilities. NATO was established as a club of democracies  that abide by a certain set of principles. When the Clinton  administration was considering new members, former Secretary of Defense  William Perry laid out some criteria for inclusion in this group:  individual liberty for citizens, democratic elections, the rule of law,  economic and market-based reforms, resolution of territorial disputes  with neighbors, and civilian control of the military.  [[Page S5915]]    North Macedonia has made progress on rule of law and democracy, but  more work remains to perfect the system. NATO member states should not  consider this process complete and must continue supporting North  Macedonia's work to fully implement its reform commitments.   Finally, admitting North Macedonia into NATO is an important step  towards fully integrating the Balkans into the international  institutions that contribute to peace and stability in Europe. I hope  that today's vote will provide momentum for North Macedonia to open EU  accession talks as well. There is unfinished work for peace in the  Balkans, and the United States must remain committed to the region to  resolve these long-running challenges.   The Kremlin, of course, does not want to see stability in the  Balkans. It does not want to see the spread of democracy and rule of  law. It does not want countries like North Macedonia to experience the  peace and prosperity that integration with the West brings. That is why  Russia tried to stop the Prespa Agreement with disinformation and  political manipulation, and why it has vocally opposed North  Macedonia's NATO accession.   With today's vote, we can make clear that no country outside the  Alliance gets a veto over who gets to join NATO, especially not Russia.  We can show our support for a country that has partnered with us on  important security missions and is making tough but necessary reforms.  We can promote stability in a critical region of the world and reduce  Kremlin influence there. Most importantly, we can protect our homeland  by expanding an alliance that has proven invaluable to national  security.   While it is a positive step that we are voting to ratify North  Macedonia's NATO accession protocol, it is also an opportune moment to  take a step back and consider the Senate's treaty power more broadly.   Article 2 of the Constitution endows the President and the Senate  with shared power over treaties. The President, it states, ``shall have  power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make  treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur.'' While  the Constitution does not expressly dictate a procedure for terminating  treaty relationships, Senators have long asserted that the shared  treaty power extends to withdrawal and therefore also requires Senate  approval.   Regardless of whether the executive branch agrees with this position,  what is completely unacceptable is that Senators are first learning  about treaty withdrawals and threats to withdraw online or in the  newspaper instead of through proactive outreach by and meaningful  dialogue with the executive branch.   The stakes could not be higher. Among the three treaties President  Trump has pulled out of just this year is the Intermediate-Range  Nuclear Forces Treaty--INF Treaty--a cornerstone of the nuclear  nonproliferation regime with Russia. The Senate approved this; treaty  in 1988 by a vote of 93-5.   Now, there are rumors swirling that the President will imminently  pull out of the Open Skies Treaty, a multilateral arms control  agreement that has been a critical element of U.S. and European  security. The Senate approved that treaty in 1993 without any recorded  opposition.   As with so many aspects of President Trump's foreign policy,  withdrawal from Open Skies would be another gift to Vladimir Putin.  Just last year, the United States conducted an extraordinary flight  authorized under Open Skies and intended to reaffirm U.S. commitment to  Ukraine and other partner nations. Further, when the Ukraine crisis  first emerged, the United States used images collected by U.S.  surveillance missions under the Open Skies Treaty to publically  demonstrate that Russian forces had invaded Ukrainian territory.  Withdrawing from the Open Skies Treaty would be perceived as casting us  further doubt on the status of the U.S. commitment to Ukraine's  security and would advance the Russian narrative that the United States  is an unreliable partner in the region.   These withdrawals not only demonstrate a reckless approach to foreign  policy--an approach that gratifies the Trump administration's short- term goals at the expense of our country's long-term interests--they  also erode the Senate's prerogative on treaties. Given the  constitutional mandate of shared responsibility for treaties between  the Senate and President, along with a heightened standard for Senate  advice and consent, it is inconceivable to think that unilateral treaty  termination, absent any engagement whatsoever with the Senate, could be  constitutionally sound, yet that is what this President is doing and  what this Senate must reject.   It is in this context that we must face an unfortunate truth relevant  to the continuing health of the NATO alliance, which is the constant  threat that President Trump may suddenly pull the United States out of  NATO altogether. It is a dangerous option the President has apparently  raised with subordinates. If recent history is any guide, the fact that  a U.S. withdrawal would be reckless, dangerous, and, as the former  Supreme Allied Commander of NATO has said, ``a geopolitical mistake of  epic proportion,'' does not mean that the President will not pursue it.   With that in mind, it is unfortunate that Senator McConnell refused  to allow amendments to the North Macedonia Protocol. Had he allowed a  more open process, I would have offered an amendment that would have  conditioned Senate advice and consent on the protocol to a requirement  that the President not withdraw from NATO without Senate approval.  While this step may not have been necessary previously, we must  regretfully move in that direction to respond to President Trump and to  protect against his ability and willingness to jeopardize U.S. national  security through hasty and unilateral treaty withdrawals.   So, while I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in voting to  ratify North Macedonia's NATO accession protocol, I must express my  concern that the Senate has not yet taken any steps to prevent  President Trump from pulling the United States out of NATO or other  treaties absent any Senate input or approval.   