 Mr. President, I appreciate the words my colleague from  Ohio has started with and shared and the work done by this Chamber not  only to cut taxes and grow our economy for businesses and entrepreneurs  around the country but for individuals, small towns, and families.   I live in a town of about 3,000 people. It is a little, tiny town.  Growing up, we had two stoplights, and thanks to some of the oil and  gas development that took place around our town several years back, we  now have a third stoplight. It is big time now. The reason it is, is  because we allowed innovation to flourish. We allowed technology to  develop new ways to develop our energy resources, but while the  policies in the field and in commerce have advanced, sometimes the  policies in this place have grown stale. That is why I was excited to  support the tax cuts of last Congress that have energized our economy,  that have created new opportunity for American workers and families,  and that have led to billions of dollars being brought back into the  United States from overseas.   Of course, one of the provisions many of my colleagues have talked  about today is the Opportunity Zones Program that was established in  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. When we were getting the Opportunity Zones  Program up and running, as a cosponsor of that legislation, my office  heard complaints that there might not be enough money for the  investments that would be utilized within these opportunity zones. In  fact, we heard from people who were saying that no one would be  interested in starting a business in struggling American communities.  Other critics complained it would be too tempting to pick only census  tracts that were already well-positioned for growth. What I am hearing  and seeing in Colorado have proven both of those criticisms wrong.   Clarity is the compass to navigating any new venture. Treasury has  been actively working to make sure its regulations best position the  Opportunity Zones Program for success.   Real estate investments have experienced early success with this  program; however, we need more than just real estate investments to  make all of America and all of Colorado prosperous. Operational  businesses and other entities will support the long-term successes of  these communities as well--not just real estate, the operational side.   With its second round of regulations recently released, operating  businesses received much awaited, positive news from the Treasury.  Industries like clean energy, new breweries, or other capital-heavy  businesses received the clarification they need for opportunity zones  to succeed. These critical tax provisions--those for accelerated  depreciation--will encourage money to come off the sidelines and will  translate into large investments in our communities.   While we are still in the infancy of the Opportunity Zones Program,  Colorado already has roughly 40 projects in the works. The Office of  Economic Development and International Trade, which is the office  tasked with implementing opportunity zones in Colorado, has been  working alongside local and State entities to maximize its programs for  Coloradans. It is in an effort to ensure that the 126 opportunity  zones--of which about 60 percent are in rural areas--are successful.   I am going to make sure we continue to fight to leave no part of  Colorado behind, and the Investing in Opportunity Act will promote  growth in all four corners of our great State.   That little tiny town that I talked about is going to benefit from  the opportunity zones that take place. Whether it is a new  manufacturing plant, a pizza shop, or a movie theater, investments like  these will make a world of difference to small communities. It is the  difference between people staying in the town they love versus being  forced to leave and find a different job.   Let me give an example. There is a jewelry store in Wray, CO, Amos  Jewelry. It is on the main street of this little town. My guess is that  when this jewelry store leaves, if there is nobody to take over the  business, maybe that will be just one more empty storefront in that  town. Nobody will come in to take it over. There is no Zales or Kay  Jewelers that is going to come in and replace this smalltown jewelry  store. But through an opportunity zone and the chances we are giving  people to invest in rural areas and underinvested areas, maybe there  can be new life breathed into these small communities--that business,  that jewelry store and others like it--to make sure that we don't lose  businesses and to make sure that we grow active businesses and that we  start new businesses as well.   It is the difference between having access to services on our local  Main Street--like that jewelry store; like fixing a watch--and being  forced to travel to the next town over and taking the dollars out of  that town and bringing them to a different city. It is the difference  between going out at all and staying home. A boarded-up storefront  tells people to go somewhere else; it is not a ``Welcome Home'' sign.  When those boards are taken down, the town comes back to life--new  spirit, new opportunity. Opportunity zones have the potential to take  those boards down and to revive our Main Streets.   Whether it is small towns, big cities, or midsized economies and  communities, the zone shares one common trait: They are communities  across  [[Page S2551]]  America that have been left behind. These opportunity zones can unlock  investment, rebuild infrastructure, and rebuild hope for so many  struggling families who no longer feel they have the ability to climb  America's economic ladder--those opportunities that were in reach for  America's previous generations.   Looking ahead, it will be important to ensure that these real estate  and commercial developments are benefiting community members. We know  that with new businesses comes new job opportunities, which in turn  provide investments in struggling education systems and housing  markets. It is a tide that lifts all ships. In the end, these  investments are aimed to help all families who are working to pay rent,  to become homeowners, and to pay down a mortgage.   We need to work together across the aisle to ensure that we develop a  pipeline for the next generation of workers to enter these new job  markets, because each and every person in Colorado and everyone across  our great Nation should have access to the American dream.   I was pleased that not too long ago, at a White House conference  hosted over at the White House, the mayor of Silt, CO, was able to join  in the discussion at the Opportunity Zones Conference. Mayor Keith  Richel and other officials from Colorado met in Washington, DC, to  discuss opportunities, and I am very pleased they were able to do this.   I hope my colleagues, instead of fighting to repeal the tax law,  which included opportunity zones, will instead embrace the opportunity  to invest, to grow, and to create more prosperous communities.   I yield the floor.   