 Madam President, first, all of us heard the sad news  today--nice for him but sad for us--that Tom Udall will not seek  reelection.   He is one of the most principled, hardest working Senators we have.  He is bright, he is dedicated, and he has such integrity, which runs in  the Udall family. When he gets up to speak, every Senator, Democratic  and Republican, always knows how well thought out his remarks will be  and how sincere they are. He is not doing this for some angle or  political purpose. He is just the kind of person the Founding Fathers  wanted to serve in the U.S. Senate.  [[Page S1927]]    Tom's leadership on reforming the campaign finance system, on  protecting the environment, on advocating on behalf of Native American  communities, shepherding legislation to protect America from harmful  chemicals, and so much more, has been invaluable.   We will all be saying more about Tom in a little while. We will miss  him. He has been a wonderful Senator, a great friend, and a wonderful  member of this caucus.    Mr. President, I will be brief. The resolution does not  say it has to be done immediately. The resolution certainly allows for  the Attorney General to make sure that nothing is released that  violates the law. All it says is that it ought to be released. It is  hard to understand why the majority leader wouldn't be for that  resolution.   None of his objections--none--are in the words of the report. In  fact, the words of the report are very simple. It shows a sense of the  Congress that it should be released--not when, not in violation of the  law, not in a hurried matter, just to be released.   So I am sort of befuddled by at least the majority leader's reasoning  in this regard because it is not in the words of this resolution.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, again, this language was good enough for  every Republican in the Senate, as well as every Democrat. The  President himself says it should be released. It is hard to understand  why the majority leader should stand alone in objections no one else  found to be reasonable or sustainable and oppose this resolution. The  report should be made public, and the Senate should resolve that it  should be.   I yield the floor.   