 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to address the Senate on  the nomination of David Bernhardt to head the Department of the  Interior.   I ask unanimous consent that I may use this chart in order to further  my goal of making it clear why he should not be nominated and confirmed  as Secretary of the Interior.    Madam President, under Secretary Bernhardt, the  Department of the Interior will come to stand for the Department of Oil  Interests, DOI.   This wheel of Bernhardt's giveaways makes it very clear what the  objective of his tenure as the Secretary of Interior will, in fact,  entail.   Bernhardt's nomination is just a continuation of the Trump  administration's cartel Cabinet. Only a month ago, a former coal  lobbyist was confirmed to head the Environmental Protection Agency. Let  me say that again. Just last month, a coal lobbyist was nominated and  confirmed to be the head of the Environmental Protection Agency of the  United States--unbelievable. But now Republicans want to install a  former oil lobbyist to head the Department of the Interior because, in  Trump's administration, it is nothing but foxes guarding the henhouse.   We need more answers about Mr. Bernhardt's lobbying activities. We  need answers on whether Mr. Bernhardt used his position at the  Department of the Interior to help former clients. The American people  need to see the documents associated with Bernhardt's lobbying  activities. Most importantly, we should not confirm a former oil  lobbyist to lead the very Agency that is tasked with protecting our  public lands from despoliation.   Let me now point to the wheel of giveaways for more oil--more oil.  And that is the goal of his appointment.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is one of our national treasures  that is under threat from Big Oil and the Trump administration. This is  the wildest place left in America, and it should not be turned into a  drilling playground. Yet Republicans here in the Senate voted in 2017  to hand this special place--the Arctic Refuge--over to Big Oil. Now  this administration is trying to hit the gas on drilling there, in one  of the Earth's most pristine wilderness areas.   Last year, Mr. Bernhardt said that he would ``expedite'' oil  development in the wildlife refuge, and he has worked inside the  Department of the Interior to limit environmental review of drilling  activities. So let's just imagine gushing oil poisoning the habitat of  magnificent creatures like polar bears and caribou, snowy owls and the  Arctic fox; rigs and pumps threatening the ancestral homeland of the  Gwich'in and Inupiat peoples, which they call ``the sacred place where  life begins.''  [[Page S2413]]    I have spent my career protecting the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge  for future generations, and today I will not support the nomination of  David Bernhardt to undermine the protections we have worked so hard to  put in place. We must stand up for the generations yet to come that  cannot yet speak to protect our public lands and our oceans.   At the same time, the Trump administration is trying to roll back the  fuel economy standards for the vehicles we drive. In other words, since  we put 70 percent of all the oil we consume in our country on a yearly  basis into the gasoline tanks of the vehicles we drive in our country,  if you increase the fuel economy of every one of those vehicles, it  will reduce the amount of oil you need to drill for.   What do the Republicans want to do? What do the oil companies want?  What do the Koch brothers want? What does ExxonMobil want? Well, it is  very simple. By not increasing the fuel economy standards of the  vehicles we drive, we need more oil because cars will consume more in  the course of a year. They then say: Ah, let's turn to the Arctic  National Wildlife Refuge--a sacred place--and find more oil, because  the vehicles we drive won't be that efficient.   What kind of sacrifice are we going to make in our country because  the Koch brothers and ExxonMobil want to have more oil drilled for? We  are going to have the Trump administration say: The only way we can  justify it is if the cars, the light trucks, the SUVs that people drive  are not that efficient; therefore, we need all the oil we can get, even  though we are a technical giant and we know we can make these vehicles  so much more efficient, so we never have to drill there. That is a sin  against the environment and a sin against our country and future  generations that should be able to enjoy this pristine area, the  wildlife refuge.   Let's move on to another part of the wheel of giveaways--even more  oil that will be another giveaway during the Bernhardt time at the  Department of the Interior.   On January 4, 2018, the Department of the Interior announced a plan  to revise the offshore drilling plan to eliminate protections for the  east and west coasts, the eastern Gulf of Mexico, and the Arctic Ocean.  The plan proposed to open up more than 90 percent of the U.S.  coastlines to oil and gas leasing.   Since then, the bipartisan opposition has been deafening. All  Governors along the east and west coasts have opposed or expressed  concerns about expanded oil and gas exploration off their coasts. More  than 340 municipalities and over 2,100 elected local, State, and  Federal officials have formally opposed offshore oil and gas drilling  and seismic airgun blasting in our ocean. But David Bernhardt is not  listening to those concerns. Instead, he is listening to his former  fossil fuel clients. He is moving ahead with this terrible offshore  drilling plan that would threaten State after State with the threat of  a spill in the ocean off of those States.   We should not confirm Bernhardt to lead the Department of the  Interior. Handing the keys to the beaches of our country, the  coastlines of our country, and our fishing and tourism industries in  our country over to Big Oil is not what our citizens want. That is the  opposite of what we need to do to protect our environment, but that is  what David Bernhardt and his fossil fuel friends want.   There is no reason that we have to drill off of the coastlines of our  country right where people who are swimming will be watching these oil  rigs that are going to be drilling down into those ocean areas off of  our beaches to find oil that we don't need. If we increase the fuel  economy standards of the vehicles we drive, we will be able to back out  the need for all of that additional oil. That is the sin against the  environment that is being committed. That is the agenda of David  Bernhardt's at the Department of the Interior.   Instead of being the United States of America--a technological giant  that invents its way to the new automotive technologies that reduce the  amount of oil we need and reduces the amount of greenhouse gasses that  go up into the atmosphere--with David Bernhardt as the Secretary of the  Interior, partnered with the new coal lobbyist who is running the EPA,  we are going to wind up with more greenhouse gasses going up into the  air, a reduction in the efficiency of the vehicles we drive, and  putting more profits into the pockets of the Koch brothers and  ExxonMobil and the auto industry, which also wants to reduce the fuel  economy standards of the vehicles we drive. This is a sin against our  environment but also our identity as the technological giant of the  planet.   We can do this. We can make our cars more efficient. We can have  plug-in hybrids. We can have all-electric vehicles. We can create a  revolution that avoids the necessity of drilling off of our beaches and  drilling in the Arctic Wildlife Refuge. We can do this, but that is not  what Donald Trump wants. He wants fossil fuel industry representatives  at the Department of the Interior and EPA running these Agencies.   David Bernhardt's ties to Big Oil--the very industry he is tasked  with regulating--are as deep as an oil well. Those ties should be  disqualifying for anyone nominated to head the Department of the  Interior. We need to stop the pollution of our democracy by Big Oil  interests.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on the nomination of David Bernhardt.  I ask my colleagues to consider what we can do to avoid the necessity  of despoiling these sacred environmental locations in our country for  the oil industry, for the Koch brothers.   This is a big moment, this vote we are about to cast. This is one  more step by Donald Trump that will result in far more greenhouse gases  going up into the atmosphere, far more danger being presented to places  that should be put off limits to the oil industry because of the risk  of environmental danger that would result from that permission to  drill.   That is why we should all pause and really consider whether we want  to go deeper and deeper into an era that is completely avoidable if we  unleash the technological might of our country.   When President Kennedy went to Rice University in 1961, what he said  was that we were going to have a mission to the Moon and that mission  would require us to invent new metals, new alloys, new propulsion  systems that did not exist, and that within 10 years, we would have to  then bring that mission back safely from the Moon through heat half the  intensity of the Sun and do so successfully.   Auto mechanics is not rocket science. We already know how to improve  the fuel economy standards of the vehicles we drive. We don't need  nuclear physics and we don't need aeronautical engineers to help us do  this.   President Kennedy challenged our country, and we responded. President  Trump is like J.F.K. in reverse. He is saying that we can't do it;  that, instead, what we have to do is, here on Earth, be the leaders in  spoiling our most sacred environmental locations.   That is why today is such a monumental opportunity for the Senate to  say no on a bipartisan basis to David Bernhardt, who is someone who  does not deserve the post of Secretary of the Interior.   I once again urge a ``no'' vote from all of my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   