 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill represents what this body can accomplish when  we work together across the aisle. It is true that no one gets  everything they want, but we put in the effort, we did the hard work,  and we talked to each other, and we came together to find solutions on  common ground.   I am honored to have cosponsored the Taxpayer First Act with my  friend from Georgia, Oversight Subcommittee Chairman   John Lewis. This  is the fifth time this bill will pass the House with strong bipartisan  support, and I am proud of the House leadership--Democrats and  Republicans together--initiated first by Mr. Lewis and Mr. Roskam of  Illinois and Mr. Lewis and Ms. Jenkins of Kansas, and now Mr. Lewis and  Mr. Kelly. This will be the fifth time this passes the House, which  tells you the importance of this legislation, Mr. Speaker.   I want to especially thank Chairman Lewis for his commitment to  taxpayers and for working with us on behalf of the American people.   The IRS should be a customer service agency that focuses on treating  taxpayers with respect and dignity. Over the last several years, the  Ways and Means Committee held a number of bipartisan hearings to  discover what is working and what isn't at the IRS. As we crafted this  legislation together to redesign the IRS for the first time in two  decades, we focused on improving the relationship between the taxpayer  and the agency.   We all agree the IRS should prioritize taxpayers' rights and they  should be a resource--not a threat--to Americans. This bill achieves  these goals.   After passage of the Taxpayer First Act, Americans will interact with  an IRS that carries out customer service more like our businesses,  because this bill will improve the support Americans receive online, in  person, and on the phone.   This bill takes a number of steps to move the IRS into the 21st  century. First, the IRS will have to come up with a customer service  plan to better serve taxpayers because no American should fear  contacting the IRS for help.   We also together rein in the abuses. We are overhauling the IRS'  enforcement tools so families and small businesses don't have property  unfairly seized. The Constitution guarantees Americans the right to due  process and protection from unreasonable searches and seizures. In  hearings led by Chairman Lewis and others, we have heard stories from  across the country of the IRS abusing these rights. Under this bill,  that stops.   Third, the Taxpayer First Act recasts the IRS as our tax  administrator rather than simply an enforcement agency. We will better  protect taxpayers from enforcement abuses by creating an independent  appeals office. This will give taxpayers a fair and impartial review of  disputes they have with the IRS. The bill also ensures taxpayers have  the same access to information as the IRS, putting our taxpayers on a  level playing field.   We are revamping the IRS' ancient technology and better positioning  the agency to combat identity theft and cyber threats. IRS employees,  as hard as they work, are currently using technology that is severely  outdated. Some of it dates back to the 1960s. This bill requires  accountability by the IRS for the billions of dollars in funding it is  given for IT each year. That accountability extends to ensuring  taxpayer information is protected and is safe from cybercriminals  looking to steal through taxpayer refunds. This bill also strengthens  the IRS' partnership with States and the private sector to combat these  threats.   Finally, this bill requires the IRS to bring back to Congress the  complete restructuring of the agency focused on these principles of  taxpayer first customer service, reining in those abuses, and  protecting our private taxpayer information, making sure there is a  fair appeals process in these disputes with the IRS.   Taken together, these reforms will greatly benefit Americans each  year during tax season and throughout the year.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 3151, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, this bipartisan bill puts an emphasis on the IRS' better  serving Americans and makes sure that it is customer focused. It reins  in the abuses, requires the IRS to better protect our privacy, creates  an independent appeals process, makes sure that taxpayers are put on  the same level playing field as the agency, and requires them to bring  back a complete restructuring plan to Congress.    I am so appreciative of the work of our Democrat colleagues and  Chairman Lewis, especially, coming together again today to support  these reforms to the IRS and showing our constituents that we put their  interests ahead of Washington.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge support of H.R. 3151, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   