 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment No. 1 requires employers  covered by the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and Social  Service Workers Act to make their organization's workplace violence  prevention plans available to their employees through email and other  methods.   Before I proceed, I want to thank Mr. Courtney for bringing this  matter to our attention. What I didn't say to Mr. Courtney before now  is that, 27 years ago, I came to this institution as a Member of the  House of Representatives. Either the second or third measure that I  proposed dealt with workplace violence, and it is this long that we are  finally addressing this in a meaningful way.   This is a short and simple amendment that will help employees covered  under the legislation stay familiar and comfortable with their  organization's plans for preventing workplace violence.   H.R. 1309 requires the Department of Labor to promulgate an  occupational safety and health standard for certain employers in the  healthcare and social service sectors.   The standard requires them to develop and implement comprehensive  plans for protecting their employees from workplace violence. These  plans are specifically tailored to workplaces and their employees on a  case-by-case basis and are important tools for identifying and  mitigating risks.   As a part of the requirements for these plans, H.R. 1309 requires  employers to provide comprehensive training on these plans to employees  and to make their workplace violence prevention plans available to  their employees at all times.   My amendment, which is cosponsored by my good friend and colleague,  Congressman DeSaulnier, expands on this specific requirement and  requires employers to share their plans with their employees through  email and other methods, following the completion of their annual  training.   Doing so would ensure that, in addition to the other training and  guidance provided by their employers, employees have access to their  own digital copies of their organization's violence prevention plans.  Having this access will permit them greater flexibility to access and  review these important documents as they feel necessary.   This is a commonsense amendment that will make it easier for covered  employees to feel comfortable with their organization's workplace  violence prevention plans.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I close by reiterating that this amendment  is a short and uncontentious proposal to help covered employees feel  comfortable with their organization's workplace violence prevention  plans.   By requiring employers to make their organization's workplace  violence prevention plans available through email and other methods,  this amendment would ensure that employees have access to their own  digital copies of their organization's plans. Having this access will  permit employees greater flexibility to access and review these  important documents as they feel necessary.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am pleased to rise in support of my  colleague, Mr. DeSaulnier's amendment to H.R. 1309.   As my good friend knows, I was planning to introduce an amendment  that was virtually identical to his, and so I was happy to make this a  combined effort and support his amendment as a cosponsor.   As has already been explained, this amendment would require employers  to provide information about trauma and trauma-related counseling for  employees in their reporting, incident response, and post-incident  investigation procedures.   Doing so would ensure that employees have access to this vital  information in the wake of incidents involving workplace violence. I  think this is an important consideration as we consider this  legislation responding to high rates of workplace violence.   Our Nation's caregivers, including nurses, social workers, and many  others working in the healthcare and social service sectors, suffer  workplace violence injuries at far higher rates than in any other  profession.   