 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in a few moments, at 12 noon, the Senate  will vote on a cloture motion for the nomination of Stephen M. Dickson  to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. I rise in  strong support of that motion. I think it will pass today. I will be  supporting the nomination when it comes to a full vote on the floor of  the Senate sometime later.   As chair of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation,  let me report that we recently voted to report Mr. Dickson's nomination  favorably out of the committee. I hope the Senate will soon confirm  this highly qualified nominee. Steve Dickson was chosen for this  important position based on his strong qualifications, which include  almost 40 years of combined service in the U.S. Air Force and the  commercial air transportation sector.   Mr. Dickson is a 1979 distinguished graduate of the Air Force Academy  and graduated magna cum laude from Georgia State University College of  Law in 1999, where he earned his J.D. He served in the U.S. Air Force  as an F-15 fighter pilot, including assignments as a flight commander,  instructor pilot, and flight examiner. From 1991 until October of 2018,  Mr. Dickson was employed by Delta Air Lines as a pilot and management  executive. He retired after rising through the ranks to become Delta's  senior vice president of flight operations.   On May 15, the committee held a hearing to consider Mr. Dickson's  nomination, and he clearly demonstrated the experience and leadership  abilities necessary to lead the FAA. I don't know if there was a single  member of the committee who failed to be impressed.   After Mr. Dickson's hearing, new information came to the committee's  attention, which we gave due diligence to looking into. The information  involved employees reporting possible safety violations at Mr.  Dickson's former employer while he was serving as senior vice  president. These matters merited further examination. The committee  conducted an extensive review of these allegations, including multiple  followup conversations and meetings with Mr. Dickson. We have studied  hundreds of pages of legal documents.   Here is what we know for a fact about these allegations. We know for  a fact--and it is uncontroverted--that Mr. Dickson was not a named  party in any of these matters. We also know for a fact that he was not  personally alleged to have retaliated against any of his fellow  employees who raised the safety concerns.   Mr. Dickson's responses to post-hearing questions for the record  demonstrate that he has commitments to safety and to the protection of  employees who report concerns and that that is paramount, in his view.  In fact, Mr. Dickson unequivocally stated in his written responses that  he was never named as a party to any judicial, administrative, or  regulatory proceedings and was never accused of retaliation of any sort  during his tenure at his former employer.   I think the FAA, we all agree, should be the gold standard in  aviation safety. I think Steve Dickson is the correct person to be  confirmed and sit at the helm of the FAA at this crucial time for the  agency. The majority of the committee believes that Mr. Dickson is an  excellent nominee for this position and will bring the commitment,  experience, and expertise necessary to lead the FAA and fulfill its  mission. I am going to be urging my colleagues to vote yes on the  cloture motion and then to swiftly confirm Mr. Dickson's nomination.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   