 Mr. President, in a document later removed from her  website, one of the Green New Deal's sponsors had this to say about the  Green New Deal: ``The question isn't how we will pay for it, but what  we will do with our new shared prosperity.''   ``The question isn't how we will pay for it . . .'' That was the  quote. That is a pretty staggering statement when you consider that the  Green New Deal plans to upend most of American society as we know it,  from transportation to healthcare, but I suspect there was a simple  reason the Green New Deal authors didn't want to talk about how to pay  for it--because they couldn't figure out how.   This week, one think tank released a first estimate of what the Green  New Deal would cost, and here is the answer: between $51 trillion and  $93 trillion over 10 years--between $51 trillion and $93 trillion.  Those numbers are so large that they are almost impossible to process.   Just for perspective, consider the fact that the entire Federal  budget for 2019 is less than $5 trillion. That is the entire Federal  budget--defense spending, domestic priorities, Medicare and Medicaid,  Social Security, everything.   The Green New Deal could end up costing $9.3 trillion each year-- double the current Federal budget--and the government would still have  to pay for a lot of other priorities on top of that. That money  wouldn't cover defense spending, or Social Security, or a number of  other urgent needs.   The Green New Deal would assuredly raise Americans' energy bills, but  that is just a tiny fraction of what Democrats' Green New Deal, which  goes far  [[Page S1500]]  beyond mere energy policy, would cost American families. It is  difficult to even imagine the staggering tax hikes that would be  required to pay for this plan.   This plan would never be paid for just by taxing the well-off. That  is always the argument we hear. Taxing every household making more than  $200,000 a year at a 100-percent rate for 10 years would leave the  Democrats far short of $93 trillion. Taxing every family making more  than $100,000 a year at a 100-percent rate for 10 years would still  leave Democrats far short of $93 trillion. In short, actually  implementing this so-called Green New Deal would involve taking money  not just from the well-off but from working families in this country-- and not a little bit of money either.   Ninety-three trillion dollars breaks down to over $600,000 per  household. That is over 10 times the median household income in my  State of South Dakota.   Should the Democratic Green New Deal come to pass, ordinary Americans  would see incredible tax hikes. Middle-class Americans would see a  substantial and permanent reduction in their standard of living.   When we talk about Democrats' socialist fantasies, we tend to quickly  fasten on the staggering costs of these programs, but it is important  to also remember what else they would cost Americans.   Socialism just doesn't come with a staggering pricetag; it also comes  with less freedom, fewer choices, and less control of your own destiny.   Socialized medicine like Medicare for All wouldn't mean just big tax  hikes; it would mean giving up your private insurance plan, even if you  like your coverage. It would mean being forced onto the government's  healthcare plan, whether you like it or not. It would mean waiting in  long lines. It would mean long wait times you can't do anything to  avoid.   The Green New Deal would mean higher electricity bills and higher  taxes, but it would also mean limited transportation choices, including  no airplane travel, increased government control over your housing  options, less reliable energy, and the list goes on.   Democrats' socialist fantasies would cost Americans untold amounts of  money and permanently damage our economy, but the loss of choice and  freedom would cost Americans even more. Democrats' green dream would be  a green nightmare for Americans and American families.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott)  would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott)  would have voted ``yea.''   