 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues. I would  like to thank Dr. Schrader, and the leadership of the House to bring  this bill up.   I am here today for two reasons: One, we shouldn't even be here to  have to run this through this body and take up valuable time,  legislative time, that we could be talking about our debt, border,  those kinds of things, but we are here.   First, it saddens me that we have to pass a bill to stiffen fines and  penalties to keep people from doing the despicable act of intentionally  soring a horse's forelegs. And this is done through chemical means or  mechanical devices to artificially--understand this--artificially  accentuate the gait of the Tennessee Walking, Racking, or Saddle Horse.   Dr. Schrader and I are both equine vets, the only ones in the House.  We know this. We have seen this. We have dealt with this.   As Dr. Schrader brought up, the Horse Protection Act was passed in  1970 to stop this. It was passed to stop this. That industry has had 49  years to bring this to an end, and they wanted to self-police. They  have had 49 years to self-police, and they have not brought this to an  end.   I have got a shoe here that the gentleman had a picture of. This is a  built-up shoe that we use on horses. I could drop it on the table, but  I don't want to get the bill to fix it. This weighs about 10 pounds.  This is one foot, on the front of a leg.   Then they put these devices on there. After they put the chemical  irritant on the leg to irritate it, then they put this on there. And  you know why they do that? So they can win a blue ribbon. So that they  can win a blue ribbon and take it and say, Look what we have  accomplished.   It makes me sick that we have to spend the time to do this stuff.   Secondly, it saddens me. We are talking about preserving a terrible  practice of animal abuse. And I see it very clearly. You are either  supportive of animal abuse or you are against it. That is the bottom  line here.   Congress shouldn't have to do this; but, again, that industry has had  49 years. I had one of the trainers come in my office with an owner,  for an hour and a half, to try to tell me not to support this bill. He  showed me these weights and he looked at my watch. He goes:  Congressman, that watch probably weighs about the same in relationship,  body weight, as what you are wearing.   I said, You know what? You are probably absolutely right. But there  is a huge difference.   And he goes, What is that?   I said, I choose to put this watch on. That horse has no option.   This bill is a good bill to get rid of a practice that is archaic and  shouldn't be done. And it won't hurt this industry. It will make this  industry stronger.   And anybody that says this is going to kill the Tennessee Walking  Horse industry is equivalent to the guy in the late 1800s that said,  Those automobiles are bad; if you go over 30 miles an hour, you are  going to die.   We know that was a fallacy. Their argument is a fallacy.   Every one of these agencies that he mentioned, the AVMA, the American  Association of Equine Practitioners, every veterinary college in the  United States of America, 98 percent of the farrier associations are  for this bill. They are against the opposition to this bill, and I  stand with this.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding the time.   The information you just heard there is a lot of fallacy in that. He  makes it sound like the Farm Bureau is behind this. The Farm Bureau is  not behind it, other than in Tennessee and in Kentucky.   I have got a list here of the infractions, and 90 percent of them are  from Tennessee; a couple from Kentucky, a couple from North Carolina,  but the majority are from Tennessee.   This bill, we sat down specifically with the USDA, APHIS, the  regulating body of the USDA on animal cruelty, and we made sure, being  a practicing veterinarian, that the owner was protected and that the  trainer was protected from an overzealous USDA inspector. They have to  be certified and trained, and they have to be licensed. And we added  the objective testing.   We use thermography. We use radiology. We do swabs of the skin. In  fact, we use the same technology that our Department of Homeland  Security uses to pick up traces of explosives and things like that.  That is how in-depth we went. But we also made sure the safeguards were  there for the owner and for the trainer.   This bill should not have to--he talked about this is something in  the past. Well, if it was in the past, we wouldn't do it.   And he brought up the expense of this bill. So we are saying it is  okay, if it is too expensive, we can't do this. We can sore the horses  because it is too expensive. That is a bogus argument, and I think it  is a shameful argument.   And again, the bottom line comes, you are either for animal cruelty  or you are against it. It is real simple.   And, again, let me show you this. Look at the nails in this. This is  a keg shoe. A horse doesn't need that. This is to win a blue ribbon.   