 Mr. Speaker, this motion amends the bill by adding $10  million for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence,  Department of the Treasury. This office plays a key role in countering  our most critical national security threats by implementing sanctions.   As a Green Beret, I have fought in the war on terror, and I can tell  you this office is vital to the safety of our Nation and preventing  war. In light of our current threats, this office requires an  additional $10 million to accomplish its goals.   This motion will implement sanctions policy toward Russia, North  Korea, ISIS, and, particularly, the Iranian regime, the world's largest  state sponsor of terrorism.   I am personally well aware of the grave threat Iran poses to the  security of our country. I have lived it. I have dealt with the  Iranians and their proxies all over the world. They are an enemy of  this country and our ally Israel, and that does not change regardless  of whether my colleagues are Republicans or Democrats.   Mr. Speaker, no one wants war. In fact, we want to drive Iran back to  the negotiating table to prevent war. The best way to do that is to  exert maximum pressure on its economy because what the regime cares  about the most is not the Iranian people--is not the Iranian people-- but lining its own pockets.   All indications from the intelligence community are that the economic  pressure campaign is working. Iran's currency is tanking. Inflation is  on the rise. Oil exports are drying up. Most importantly, Iran is  unable to pay its terrorist proxies like Hezbollah and Hamas.   Specifically, this motion would fund sanctions on Iran's leadership,  on senior commanders of the IRGC, on front companies, and on Iran's  terrorist ally Hezbollah.   Mr. Speaker, I want to remind this body of the marines we lost in  Beirut at the hands of Iran, the 500 Americans killed by Iranian  militias in Iraq, and the American hostages held in Iran as we speak  here today, which include a U.N. worker and a Princeton Ph.D. student.   As a soldier who has had to fight terrorism, no one wants to avoid  war as much as I do. I wear a bracelet on my wrist of one of the Green  Berets I lost, and I wake up every day thinking about how this body can  be worthy of their sacrifice.   Mr. Speaker, let's support this MTR, and let's work together to avoid  another war in the Middle East.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   