 Mr. President, I thank Vice Chair Ernst  for putting this event together on the floor to talk about the success  of opportunity zones and what they could mean for so many Americans who  desperately need the assistance in so many places. Without any  question, this is a great part of the tax bill that has not received  enough attention. A lot of folks know about opportunity zones, and a  lot of folks are excited about opportunity zones.   I would like to spend a little time talking about the success of our  economy and touching on some of the issues that my colleague Senator  Braun spoke about as well, those being the importance of workforce  development and of making sure our workforce has the skills that meet  the jobs of our current economy.   One estimate said that perhaps there are a million more jobs than  there are people looking for work, and a part of the reason why that is  so is because we still need to make sure that we harmonize the skill  set necessary to do the work with the skills being taught or trained to  our younger folks and folks looking for work.   This has been an amazing journey from an economic perspective, when  you think about where we are financially as a country.   This past quarter we saw the announcement of a growth rate of around  3.2 percent. That is astounding because all of the estimates were so  significantly lower.   We finished 2018 with a growth rate of around 3.1 percent. Now, we  have not seen that acceleration in our economy in a very long time. So  it is really good news for those folks looking for work.   Our unemployment rate is near a 50-year low--somewhere between 3.8  and 3.9 percent. This is something we haven't seen in a very long time.  African-American unemployment is near 7 percent. Some of the lowest  numbers ever recorded in the history of the country for African- American employment are there now. Hispanic unemployment is in the same  range--very low, record lows.   We have seen wages in the last several months continue to increase.  Wage growth is now hitting the bottom quintile of our workforce at a 3- percent growth rate, which is really good news because it was another  one of those targets that we knew was important for us to reach.   Said differently, income disparity is shrinking because of the  success of our Tax Code and the success of our regulatory reset, and  that is good news for everyone.   The economic recovery, however, has been uneven. Part of the  challenge that we see is that there are areas of our Nation that are  not doing as well as the numbers I have just indicated. That reinforces  the fact that, as a whole, the Nation is succeeding and the people of  our country are succeeding at a much higher level and at a faster clip.  However, rural America still lags a little behind and needs more tools  in the toolkit, more arrows in the quiver to address some of the  challenges that are endemic and specific to those rural parts of our  country.   I am thankful to have partnered in the opportunity zone legislation  with folks who are compassionate and who are committed to making sure  that rural America realizes its full potential.   I have had an opportunity to travel this country on my national  opportunity zone tour. I have gone from places in Florida, with Senator  Rubio, to parts of our country that I have really enjoyed seeing, but I  can't articulate fully the passion that I saw in folks from West  Virginia, New Hampshire, and Iowa when we had a chance to tour these  three States and learn more about the rural economy and the potential  in those rural economies.   I remember vividly walking down in Huntington, WV, with my good  friend Senator Capito. We had a great visit in Huntington, WV, and what  we realized there was the passion of the people and the willingness to  work were evident and that we needed to bring more resources to the  table so that the employers and would-be employers would make the  investment in Huntington, WV, and in other parts of rural West  Virginia.   We left there encouraged and enthusiastic because the opportunity  zone legislation was seen as a true tool in the toolkit for rural  America that needed to be rolled out. At that time, it hadn't been  rolled out like it has been now.   So today we see over $100 billion migrating toward opportunity funds.  That means good news for rural America. If we are able to continue that  progress, we will see rural America live its full potential, and that  is great news.   I enjoyed visiting New Hampshire with Governor Sununu, where the  unemployment rate is 2.4 percent, one of the lowest in the country. But  even in a place like New Hampshire, where the unemployment rate is  really low, the rural parts of the State were still devastated and  needed an infusion of hope and opportunity. The O zone, or the  opportunity zone, has presented itself as one of the many solutions  necessary to confront some of the rural issues that we saw in New  Hampshire.   I enjoyed my time in West Des Moines with Senator Ernst, as we had a  chance to visit a potential housing project incubator at a church,  where folks were fascinated by using the tax deferral to encourage and  to attract more investment into West Des Moines because the people are  willing to work. There is dignity in all work, and they understood  that. They were passionate about opportunities, and they needed another  tool to make it happen.   Opportunity zones are a part of that toolkit, and I will say, without  any question, that when you think about great leadership, it is hard to  have missed the compassion and the passion that Joni Ernst has for her  constituents and her business owners and her willingness to partner  with legislation like the opportunity zones and partner with the  entrepreneurs of her State and the folks who are looking for ways to  reinvest in their own neighborhoods to help encourage and to support a  willing workforce.   That tool of opportunity zones can be brought to bear against some of  the strongest and hardest challenges in rural America, and I am here to  say thank you to my colleagues for, a, making sure that opportunity  zones are a reality; b, for taking this time on the floor to encourage  others, especially our rural Americans, to stay hopeful; and, c, to  continue to address some of the challenges that Senator Braun mentioned  about the workforce  [[Page S2548]]  development and harmonizing the skill set with the workforce in a way  that allows for those folks to realize their full potential and live  the American Dream.   I yield to Senator Capito.   