 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, yesterday, the Senate failed to advance  a motion to proceed to a package of appropriations bills, demonstrating  something that Leader McConnell already knew: There are not enough  votes in the Senate for the President's wall.   The Senate refuses to fund the border wall that the President  promised Mexico would pay for, especially not at the expense of our  troops and their families and important public health programs like  childcare and Head Start. Just yesterday, the Pentagon warned of dire  outcomes if the money to fund the military is not provided.   Read today's Washington Post. Our military people are upset with  this. Now, their chain of command is not going to publicly say it, but  we know it. Over 120 military projects stand to lose funding, and we  aren't talking about fixing parking lots. We are talking about military  readiness. We are talking about medical facilities for troops in North  Carolina. We are talking about schools for military families in  Kentucky. We are talking about explosives stored in unsafe conditions.  We are talking about a very important engineering lab at West Point to  train our future soldiers. Even hurricane recovery projects in Florida  are at risk.   The Defense Department was very clear that without this funding,  lives would be at risk, but that is what Republicans on the  Appropriations Committee proposed. The Senate rightly rejected that  idea.   The Republican leader is saying we are hurting the military? Give me  a break. We are defending the military. How much bull does the majority  leader think the American public will swallow? They are taking money  out of the military to put it in the wall, and he says that we are  hurting the military? Oh, no. Leader McConnell is hurting the military,  and we defended them. We defended them because we want the money to go  to the military, not to the wall.   By the way, in that regard, Leader McConnell did not stick with the  agreement. The agreement was not only on the 302(a)s but there would be  bipartisan agreement on where the money on the defense side and the  nondefense side would be distributed.   Instead of consulting Democrats, they tried to jam something down our  throats, taking money out of defense, out of Head Start and other  programs in the health and human services budget and put it into the  wall. Well, that wasn't going to stand, it isn't going to stand, and it  will not stand.   I hope Leader McConnell has learned his lesson. Shutting down the  government or trying to eyeball for the wall isn't going to work. Let's  roll up our sleeves and work together.   My friend the Republican leader and Chairman Shelby have now shown  the President that they tried again to fund his wall. They have seen,  once again, that the votes are not there. They have seen, once again,  that when the Senate Republicans do the President's bidding and refuse  to engage the Democrats, the only thing they accomplish is wasted time.   The pattern repeats itself far too frequently. The same impulse to do  the President's bidding--they are so afraid of this President--and that  is what led to the 35-day Trump shutdown earlier this year. Let's not  repeat that, Republicans. Let's learn our lessons.   The same impulse led Republicans to deny for months disaster aid to  Puerto Rico. In each case, whether it be taking money out of needed  places like the military and putting it into the wall or not being fair  to Puerto Rico when it came to aid, they had to relent and work with  Democrats. I am glad they did for the good of the country.   So enough time has been wasted this work period. Leader McConnell,  Chairman Shelby, let's sit down. It is time for you to sit down and  negotiate with Democrats on the way forward.   (Mr. SCOTT of Florida assumed the chair.)   