 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. Smith and Mr.  Sherman, whom I have the pleasure of serving with on the Foreign  Affairs Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and Nonproliferation, for  raising this important topic.   I rise today to bring attention to three very important and timely  measures that the House will consider this afternoon. These bipartisan  measures passed out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously,  and they include H. Res. 543, by Representative Sherman; H.R. 3289, by  Representative Smith; and H.R. 4270, by Representative McGovern. I am  proud to say that I am a cosponsor of all three.   Over the past 5 months, mass civilian protests in Hong Kong have  begun to shed light on the deterioration of the Chinese Communist  Party's influence outside of mainland China. Rising resentment in Hong  Kong is not simply a result of the ill-fated extradition law championed  by Chief Executive Carrie Lam, but the continued encroachment on  freedom and liberties by President Xi Jinping and the Chinese Communist  Party.   Despite the 1997 Sino-British agreement, leaders in Beijing continued  their high-intensity political pressure campaign to subdue dissent  within Hong Kong, which has emboldened the people of Hong Kong to stand  up against Beijing, but more for freedom. This is illustrated by the  people of Hong Kong raising and waving the American flag while burning  the Chinese flag.   The protestors now maintain five demands that Mr. Sherman already  talked about: withdrawal of the extradition bill; drop charges against  the protestors; launch an investigation into the police forces; and  universal suffrage, which would allow voters to directly pick their  leaders instead of hand-picked leaders of their chief executive by  Beijing.   As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and  Nonproliferation, I have been extremely outspoken against the continued  deterioration of rights and freedoms in Hong Kong. The passage of these  important pieces of legislation will send a strong message to President  Xi Jinping and the Chinese Communist Party that these abuses will not  be tolerated by the international community.   Keep in mind that China and Great Britain signed this international  agreement in 1997, where it stated that Hong Kong would be an  autonomous region, self-ruled, and have an independent judiciary  system. Only 22 years into it, Xi Jinping has said, as far as he is  concerned, that agreement is null and void, and so you see the people  of Hong Kong standing up in protest. Because they have experienced  freedom and liberty, they are willing to risk their life.   I just had a group of Hong Kong students come in. These are the  people who are right in the forefront of the protests in Hong Kong, and  they came to our office begging for help from the American people, from  the American Government.   Now, granted, Hong Kong, we all know, is a province of China. But we  also know there was an agreement, for 50 years, it was to be  autonomously ruled with an independent judiciary committee that Xi  Jinping and the Communist Party of China have canceled, and I think  this is a message for all people of the intent of what China is doing.   We, as Members of Congress, have so much more that we represent. It  is not a political body where we fight back and forth and discuss  different things. What we represent here in America is what people  around the world are willing to risk their life for and to stand up, in  front of the face of adversity, to one of the emerging superpowers of  the world and say: We do not accept your communist authority rule. We  want you to honor liberty and freedom.   See, the people of Hong Kong, they have experienced freedom and  liberties. Xi Jinping and the Communist Party can't understand that  because they have never experienced freedom or liberty. As supposedly  the greatest deliberative body on the planet, this transcends way  beyond what we do here.   This is standing up for ideals that people around the world are  willing to die for, and it is this body that can send a strong message  to the Chinese Communist Party, to Xi Jinping that says we will not let  liberties and freedom be taken away from people who have claimed that,  who have known that all their life, and that that should be honored by  those who are trying to take it apart.   Before they want to take it apart, I suggest Xi Jinping and the  Communist Party try freedom and liberty: Try democracy for a while; you  might like it.   I think these are three very important bills that should pass through  this House unanimously and should pass through the Senate to show that  we stand in solidarity with the folks, our friends in Hong Kong; and,  if not, if we don't send a strong message, it will embolden China.   I hope manufacturers and all businesses around the world that do  business in Hong Kong are paying attention to this, because they are  the ones that are creating a business environment that feeds China so  that they can continue these terrible acts of suppression of liberties  and freedoms. I hope the business community will say: You know what, we  stand with the American people.   It pains me when I see people like the NBA or other organizations,  corporations that will bow down to China, and they do it for profit. It  is time that we stand up not just as Americans, but people who are the  bearers of liberty and freedom around the world that the rest of the  world looks to.   