 Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member McHenry for yielding.   Mr. Chair, this legislation, H.R. 1500, the so-called Consumers First  Act, neither puts consumers first nor puts in place the reforms that  are needed to make the CFPB a stronger and more accountable regulatory  agency. In reality, this bill is an attempt to politicize consumer  protection.   It represents my Democratic colleagues' genuine expression of  frustration with the current CFPB leadership, but that frustration is  misdirected, Mr. Chair. That frustration really is more about their  inability to provide meaningful oversight over this Bureau, a Bureau  that they themselves created in the Dodd-Frank law.   I would submit that my Democratic friends' frustration should not be  directed at former Acting Director Mick Mulvaney or current Director  Kathy Kraninger. Their frustration is, in fact, a product of the very  structure, the very flawed structure, that they themselves created and  now stubbornly defend.   Today's legislation does absolutely nothing to address the  fundamental structural flaws of the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau, which could be remedied on a bipartisan basis with simple  reforms that my Republican colleagues and I have supported since the  Bureau's creation.   I think, now that the leadership has shifted and there is a new  administration with new appointees in the leadership, many of my  Democratic friends are having regrets about the structure that they  originally created.   What would be the reforms that we should together as a body on a  bipartisan basis support? A bipartisan commission; subjecting the  Bureau to congressional appropriations with my legislation, the Taking  Account of Bureaucrats' Spending Act, which would restore the power of  the purse over this agency; an independent inspector general, which  would hold leadership of either party accountable.   Mr. Chair, this is just a messaging bill. It is not a true attempt to  legislate. This bill does nothing to get at the lack of accountability  of this Bureau.   To further make this point, my friend, the chairwoman, talks about  the need to add supervisory authority to the Bureau over enforcement  and  [[Page H4078]]  compliance with the Military Lending Act, but the bill doesn't do that.  I have a bill that does that. In fact, I offered the bill as an  amendment, but Monday night, in the Rules Committee, they made this  amendment out of order.   This is not about actually giving the Bureau supervision over the  Military Lending Act. If they really wanted that, they would have  approved my amendment. We would be voting on my amendment to give the  Bureau supervisory authority over enforcement of the Military Lending  Act.   But, no. This is just about making a political point. Sure, they have  findings that there should be supervisory authority over Military  Lending Act compliance. Well, then why not make this Republican  amendment in order to make it a bipartisan bill?   They don't want a bipartisan bill. They want a political message.   This reaffirms our point that this legislation is not about consumer  protection. It is not about putting consumers first. It is about  politics. It is about giving lip service to protecting our  servicemembers while excluding the necessary action to actually do it.   Mr. Chair, I encourage a ``no'' vote on this bill. Let's roll up our  sleeves. Let's defend this institution. Let's work together in a  bipartisan way to truly enact the reforms, the structural reforms that  will strengthen consumer protection that will make this Bureau  accountable to the American people through their elected  representatives.   Let's make this a bipartisan commission. Let's give this institution,  both Republicans and Democrats, the power of the purse over this agency  so that when a Director from the Trump administration is in place, this  body will have the ability to provide meaningful oversight, and when  there is a Democratic appointee heading this agency, this body will  also be able to exercise meaningful oversight.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote. Let's do real reforms. Let's not  just make political points.   