 Mr. Chairman, I am disappointed by the fiscal year 2020  National Defense Authorization Act that is offered here on the floor  today. This bill represents a significant deviation from our past  sentiment of bipartisanship.   Now, the Senate has passed their bill by 86 votes, but not the House,  not this year. This bill, in its totality, makes us less safe, which is  why it does not have bipartisan support on this floor.   Chairman Smith said that we were able to negotiate through a few  things, and that is right. But there are also some that we were not,  and one of them is a big one, and it is why there is not one Republican  who voted in the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces for the bill to come  out of subcommittee, and not one Republican in the full committee voted  for the Strategic Forces portion of this bill to be referred to the  full committee and to this floor.   That is because it contains a provision that can only be described as  unilateral nuclear disarmament. It is unilateral because it does not  involve anybody else; it only inhibits us. It is nuclear because it  involves our nuclear weapons; and it is disarmament because it recalls  a nuclear weapon.   It prohibits the use of funds for the deployment of low-yield  ballistic missile warheads that have already been funded and produced  and are to be deployed on a bipartisan basis. Efforts by Congress to  recall these assets from deployment is unilateral disarmament.   Now, even if you are against nuclear weapons, you should be against  the  [[Page H5348]]  other side having nuclear weapons, and that means that you should be  pursuing restrictions by treaty.   Imagine how this conversation is going to go in Moscow. Someone in  the Kremlin is going to walk into Vladimir Putin's office, and they are  going to say: Vlad, you have modernized our nuclear weapons. You have  invaded our neighbors. You have threatened the U.S. and our adversaries  and their allies. And now, the U.S. Congress has just voted to  unilaterally pull the low-yield nuclear weapon that was scheduled for  deployment.   Putin is not going to believe them. He is going to think that this is  a joke, because no one would believe that the United States Congress in  the National Defense Authorization Act would reward Russian aggression  in this bill by pursuing unilateral nuclear disarmament.   I am comforted that many of these provisions will never become law. I  never thought I would say this, but I am going to: Thank God for the  Senate.   I encourage my colleagues to oppose this bill and oppose unilateral  nuclear disarmament.   