 Madam Speaker, I am very proud to be a Never  Forgot the Heroes: James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Luis Alvarez  Permanent Authorization cosponsor, along with another very strong group  of bipartisan Members who will not let this opportunity to enact this  legislation pass. Tragically, Mr. Alvarez just passed away last month  of after providing heroic testifying in support of this bill.   Everyone remembers where they were and what they were doing. I was  actually chairing a Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing when a group of  cowards hijacked four airliners in order to perpetrate the worst act of  terrorism in American history.   Nearly 3,000 innocent people lost their lives that day, including 700  from my State. Who can forget the courageous first responders running  up the stairs of the burning buildings with total disregard for their  own safety, saving others at the expense of their own lives.   No one remembers the shock, horror, and numbing sorrow of this day,  however, more than the families and the close friends of the victims. I  have worked with and befriended many family members of 9/11 victims,  and I can state unequivocally that there would not have been a 9/11  Commission and other historic policy initiatives without their  extraordinary tenacity, commitment, and courage. That includes what was  known as the four Jersey girls, widows who simply would not take ``no''  for an answer. They were a driving force behind the establishment of  that very important historic commission.   I got to know a lot of the others. I actually hired a school  principal who lost her husband, Alan, in 9/11, and I am reminded every  time I am in the district office, and other days as well, what she has  lost and how painful and how sorrowful that was on that day.   For more than 17 years, the families and the friends of those who  died have had to endure their loss and a broken heart. Now we know the  carnage, the consequences, the ongoing loss of life, and the health  crisis attributable to 9/11 are even worse than anyone could have  imagined. New cases of 9/11-caused conditions are being diagnosed by  the doctors at the World Trade Center Health Program every day, with  close to 12,000 cases of 9/11-caused cancers diagnosed so far,  including 700 cases of breast cancer, 2,500 of prostate cancer, 600 of  thyroid cancer, 500 of lung cancer, and 500 of kidney cancer.   There have also been other kinds of catastrophic consequences, with  people who are suffering from PTSD, some 9,500 so far and counting.   Congress enacted the World Trade Health Center Program Fund and  September 11th Victim Compensation Fund to provide health services for  responders at the three crash sites, and others in the vicinity of the  World Trade Center site for health conditions related to toxic  exposures from the attacks.   There are over 6,800 New Jerseyans receiving healthcare services from  the World Trade Center Health Program, 1,200 of whom are from my  district, constituents of mine.   In February of this year--and this was shocking, frankly--the  September 11th Victim Compensation Fund special master announced that,  due to a lack of funding, the Justice Department will have to cut  awards on pending cases by 50 percent and any new claims that are filed  by 70 percent.   These cuts will devastate the first responders, our firemen, police,  and emergency personnel. They will also represent a gross injustice for  survivors and their families who spent countless hours and days in  search of their loved ones.   I remember going to the site a couple of days after. I went with Tony  Principi, who was then the Secretary of the Department of Veterans  Affairs. Unfortunately, there was a sense, a falsely conveyed sense,  that maybe you didn't have to wear the mask, so many of those guys and  those ladies on the ground were breathing in a toxic mix of chemicals  that now have manifested into very serious disease.   This is an important bill. It is bipartisan, and I thank my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle; Congresswoman Maloney for her  leadership; and of course, all the others who are cosponsors of this  bill. I urge the Senate to move swiftly in passing this bill so that  these heroes can secure the health care benefits they deserve.   