 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 987,  the ObamaCare bailout act.   One of the things that has frustrated me in the almost 5 months that  the Democrats have controlled this Chamber is that anything that is  good, bipartisan, and for the people they turn into a partisan  screaming contest. That is exactly what they have done with the CREATES  Act, which will bring down prescription drug prices and has strong  bipartisan support in both Houses and, as a standalone bill, would have  a very good chance of being signed into law.   So we can talk today about all of these things about ObamaCare that  the other side of the aisle wants to put more money into, but that is  going nowhere. I think what we should do is look at what we can  accomplish, and we can accomplish changing the way that drugs are  priced through the CREATES Act.  [[Page H3859]]    At a time when everything is a dramatic political battle, lowering  prescription drug prices is one of the few opportunities where it  seemed like Republicans and Democrats could get something meaningful  done for the American people.   Just a few weeks ago, the Judiciary and Energy and Commerce  Committees worked across the aisle unanimously reporting out several  bills to that end. My friend, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr.  Cicilline), and I are sponsors of one of those bills, the CREATES Act.  Our commonsense legislation would allow consumers to access cheaper  generic drugs sooner, driving down costs and saving taxpayers money.   According to CBO estimates, our bill would save the American taxpayer  $3.9 billion over 10 years. This bill has the kind of bipartisan  support to become law. However, instead of letting this body vote on  our commonsense bill in standalone form, the Democratic leadership has  tacked it on to this ObamaCare bill.    The ObamaCare bailout package has no chance of  passing in the Senate. The majority leader just admitted that. This is  a missed opportunity, and it is highly disappointing.   The American people want us to work in a bipartisan manner. The  American people want us to accomplish things, and this is a poison pill  that will make sure that this bill never sees the light of day in the  Senate and will never become law.   When they take up this bill, I hope they strip out all the ObamaCare  bailout--free of poison pills--and pass the bipartisan drug pricing  bills so the House will be able to reconsider them in a more bipartisan  fashion.   