 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California, my  good friend, for yielding and for the job that he has done as chairman  of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee in the  past.   Let me begin by saying that we all want the government to reopen--all  on this side, all on that side. We don't agree with this shutdown. I  also want strong border security, and I know you all want strong border  security. We disagree about how to get there.   These can both be accomplished with a little word called  ``compromise.'' I heard everybody throw around that word quite a bit  and then go back to their hardened positions and forget what a  compromise is. So I looked it up in the dictionary, because I thought  maybe I was mistaken about what a compromise is.   The dictionary says it is ``a settlement of differences by mutual  concessions; an agreement reached by adjustment of conflicting or  opposing claims, principles, et cetera, by reciprocal modification of  demands.''   We can't call for a compromise and then go back to our hardened  positions and say: ``I want everything I want, and you get nothing you  want.''   This bill is not a compromise. If you would bring up the compromised  conference bills between the House and the Senate, you would have my  support, but that is not what this is. This is the Senate bill.   We have a conference bill between the House and the Senate that was  prepared to be brought to the floor last year and never made it. Bring  up that conference report.   Unfortunately, by adopting just the Senate bill, we might not even  have a House Chamber. Why have a House Chamber if all we are going to  do is adopt whatever the Senate decides to do?   This bill, as has been mentioned, reduces funding by $160 million  from the House bill for Indian Country, and has a:   $21 million reduction from the House bill for hazardous fuels  reduction that prevents catastrophic wildfires;   $23 million reduction from the House bill in sage-grouse funding,  which is vital to keeping the species off of the endangered species  list;   $27 million reduction from the House bill for national parks funding,  which is needed to solve the maintenance backlog; and   $12 million reduction from the House bill for the Water  Infrastructure Finance Act, which is critical to financing community  water projects, given the enormous backlog that exists for our water  system.   The bill also leaves out vital report language directives from the  House bill that were carefully crafted to represent House Members'  priorities, both Republican and Democratic priorities. They are being  totally ignored with this legislation.   In the end, we all know that this isn't going anywhere. This is just  a game. And I have got to tell you, Mr. Speaker, I am tired; I am tired  of the finger-pointing, the name-calling, and the games we are playing.   I know that on the Democratic side of the aisle you are getting phone  calls by the hundreds, if not thousands, from your constituents who  say: Don't give in to Trump; don't give in to any border security wall  or fencing or whatever.   We are getting the same phone calls on our side, who say: Don't you  vote for anything that doesn't have Trump's border wall in it.   The uncomfortable thing is that, occasionally, as elected  Representatives, we are called upon to lead, regardless of the  consequences; and I have to say, we have all failed, all of us, and for  that, I am very, very sorry.   