 Mr. President, I call my colleagues' attention to an  issue that has affected many families in Iowa and throughout the  country. That issue is elder abuse and neglect of those same people.   Many older Americans reside in assisted care facilities, nursing  homes, and all kinds of group living arrangements. It is critical that  these care facilities and the staff at the facilities not only follow  the law but provide the type of care they would want their own family  members to receive.   The Des Moines Register last year published reports suggesting a  troubling lack of compassionate care for elderly residents in some of  the nursing homes in my State. We also had other reports surfacing in  2017 of nursing home workers in at least 18 different facilities taking  humiliating and unauthorized photos of elderly residents and posting  them on social media websites.   Earlier this year, I convened an oversight hearing in which we heard  from the daughters of two elderly women who resided in a federally  funded nursing home. One testified that her mother, an Iowan, died due  to neglect in a facility that held the highest possible rating--a five- star rating--on a Federal Government website. The family discovered  that the nursing home was the subject of multiple complaint  investigations related to those complaints in recent years. Yet, after  each complaint, government inspectors reported the facility had come  back ``into substantial compliance with program requirements.''   At this same hearing, another witness from another State testified  about her mother's rape in a nursing home.   These and similar cases around the country point to the need for  reform. By one estimate, 1 in 10 persons older than the age of 60 will  fall victim to elder abuse each year.   According to the inspector general at the Department of Health and  Human Services, one-third of nursing home residents may experience harm  while under the care of these facilities. In more than half of these  cases, the harm was preventable. That is why statutes like the Elder  Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act, which I championed in the last  Congress; also the Older Americans Act, which promotes seniors'  independence; and the Elder Justice Act, which I have long supported,  are all very important pieces of legislation.   On Monday, I introduced a resolution designating June 15 as World  Elder Abuse Awareness Day. I would like to thank my lead cosponsor,  Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut, for joining me in introducing this  legislation. The ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, as  well as the leaders of Senate Aging Committee, Senators Collins and  Casey, along with Senators Lankford and Hassan, also are original  cosponsors. I thank all of them for doing that.   This bipartisan resolution recognizes those adult protective services  and healthcare personnel, ombudsmen, criminal justice personnel, and  advocates who help prevent and combat elder abuse in communities all  around our country.   It calls for us to promote awareness and long-term prevention of  elder abuse. Congress has a very key role to play in ensuring the  protections of seniors, not only in the passing of legislation but in  our constitutional oversight role to make sure the executive branch of  government faithfully executes those laws. In faithfully executing our  laws in spirit as well as in the legalese, they will be helping us  prevent elder abuse.   Years ago, I joined my colleagues in developing an earlier version of  the Elder Justice Act. It is time to update and extend the key programs  authorized under this important law, which authorized the Elder Justice  Coordinating Council and also authorized resources to support forensic  centers to investigate elder abuse, among other initiatives in that  important legislation. I am working closely with the members of the  Elder Justice Coalition on legislation to accomplish that goal.   It is also time for us to update and extend the Older Americans Act,  which I have long supported.   As Finance Committee chairman, I intend to convene a hearing to  discuss ways that we can continue to promote the health and well-being  of our seniors, which is an issue I have cared about for a long time.   Creating a supportive, inclusive environment in our communities is  essential to preventing elder abuse, and that is what the World Elder  Abuse Awareness Day is all about.   I urge my colleagues to join me in raising awareness for the most  vulnerable among us, protecting our loved ones and protecting people we  don't know, but in the process of our doing that, we empower all  citizens to take a stand against elder abuse.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   