 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 924.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be waived.    Mr. President, for several years now, I have been working  on tax treaties that we have with other countries to try to protect  Americans' privacy. I think it is very important that your personal  information--what you buy with your credit card, what checks you write,  and what you do with your bank account--is private. It is yours, and it  is not to be sifted through or rummaged through by the government.   I am very, very concerned that, over time, particularly with  technology, the IRS is gaining too much power at the push of a button  to simply sift through our bank accounts looking for anomalies.   I think it is important that we protect Americans who live overseas.  About 8 million Americans live overseas, and I think the vast majority  of them are law-abiding citizens.   This debate has been going on for several years now. I first tried to  engage the Obama administration in this. We had meeting after meeting  but no meaningful engagement. Currently, we have been involved in  negotiations with the Trump administration, which has been more open to  discussions of how we protect Americans' privacies. Unfortunately,  these negotiations were sabotaged by the Republican leader, who chose  to bring these tax treaties forward at a time when we were in the  middle of negotiations. This is very disappointing to me because I  think we were at the point of actually achieving a deal that would  protect the privacy of Americans. This process has been severely  damaged and short-circuited by the Republican leader's choosing to push  this forward and destroy the negotiations that we were having at the  time.   When we look at these treaties, and we say, ``well, how could we make  them better,'' there are ways that we could actually make them better.  There are also ways that these treaties could have come up at any point  in time in the past. No one Senator can really block legislation. The  fact that this legislation hasn't come up for several years is really  due to the fact that the Republican leader has failed to engage in any  meaningful compromise or discussion over these.   The treaties are being brought up against my objections now. So they  could have been brought up against my objections 2 years ago, 4 years  ago, or 6 years ago. Really, the fault and the responsibility for the  delay of these tax treaties lies squarely at the foot of the Republican  leader, who has failed to engage on this subject and has, rather,  chosen at the end just to rush them through without any meaningful  debate.   Americans are constitutionally guaranteed to be free from  unreasonable, suspicionless search--or at least we used to be. Today  this Chamber begins consideration of four tax treaties, and each one of  them contains provisions that would violate the fundamental right to be  free from unreasonable searches.   To be sure, these treaties would bestow benefits to the United States  and our trading partners, and those provisions have my support. In  fact, I have said for years now that I support the gist of the treaties  and that they try to prevent double taxation and they make it easier  for companies to do business overseas, as well as to do business in our  country. That is why I have said from the beginning: Let's negotiate a  settlement. Let's try to put taxpayer protections into the treaties.  But at every point we have been stymied.   I don't think the benefits of these treaties should come at the grave  expense of violating the rights of every American with a foreign bank  account, regardless of whether there is a shred of evidence that a  crime has been committed.   These treaties make it easier for tax authorities, such as the IRS,  to obtain an American citizen's bank deposit account information.  Previously, the IRS could only obtain such information if it was  necessary to address a tax dispute, but that is not the standard these  treaties will keep. In the past, there had to be at least an accusation  of wrongdoing, an accusation of fraud, or an accusation that a taxpayer  was doing something against the law. These treaties, though, would  allow the IRS--the government Agency that instills terror in every  citizen it contacts, the government Agency that has almost limitless  power to put anybody out of business--to obtain individual bank account  records if that information is ``foreseeably relevant'' or ``may be  relevant.''   Think for a minute what the standard is here. So if you happen to be  an American who does business overseas, if it may be relevant, the  government can look in your bank account. Really, the standard is ``may  be relevant'' to the Tax Code, ``may be relevant'' to a question,  instead of ``is relevant'' to an active investigation concerning  wrongdoing by a taxpayer. I think this is a big mistake. It is going to  lead to bulk transfer of information from countries back and forth.   We live in an era where some people leave one country or another,  hoping to get away from totalitarianism and hoping to get away from the  snooping authorities that may well debit their account or control their  account based on their political behavior. I think it is a mistake to  allow the information to be transferred back and forth without any kind  of standard. The standard is ``foreseeably relevant,'' or ``may be  relevant.'' What kind of standard is that?   Historically, the standard required, at the very least, is an  accusation of a crime. It will no longer require that. Will it require  suspicion of a crime? No, it will require anything the government asks  that it may be relevant to the treaty, that it may be relevant to the  Tax Code, which is basically no standard at all. No American overseas  will have any kind of protection of their privacy.   Some recent international court decisions have provided an idea as to  what meets this new standard. According to the Swiss Federal Supreme  Court, under the new standard of these new tax treaties and the  ``foreseeably relevant'' standard, an information request will only be  denied if the link between the requested data and the information is  improbable. No consideration is necessary as to whether there is  reasonable suspicion of a crime. People can go after the information,  basically, based on no accusation of a crime or no suspicion of a  crime. It will be a fishing expedition.    Perhaps we should thank the Swiss Federal Supreme Court for  effectively telling us what we already knew, that the ``foreseeably  relevant'' standard is really no standard at all.   At a time when the United States is over $22 trillion in debt and  running annual trillion-dollar deficits, these treaties would empower  the IRS to obtain sensitive bank account information under the weakest  of pretenses. In short, the information is exchanged with no questions  asked, no reasonable suspicion, and no due process in an effort to  swell the coffers of the U.S. Treasury.   I am outraged by this. The Senate should be outraged, and the  American people should be outraged that their liberties are so  cavalierly cast aside to accommodate the IRS's perpetual search for  more taxpayers to shake down.   My amendment to the treaties would end bulk exchanges of financial  records by simply mandating that the United States and our treaty  partners would exchange information only if an identified individual is  subject to an individual investigation related to the enforcement of  the Tax Code. I am not against going after people not paying their  taxes, but I am against going after the 8 million Americans who live  overseas and are just trying to abide by the laws and just trying to  earn a living.   While those who have evaded their tax obligations must be held to  account, the power to search and seize is not absolute in the United  States or in any free country. A government dedicated to securing the  blessings of liberty does not allow the IRS to rummage through our bank  accounts hoping to find a crime.   Obtaining the deposit account information of an American should be  done on an individualized basis without resorting to indiscriminate  sweeps of sensitive information gathering.   I urge every Senator to stand up for the Fourth Amendment rights of  all Americans and to support my amendment.  [[Page S4849]]    My amendment would simply do this. It would put a standard into the  treaties that says that there has to be suspicion. You have to  individualize an investigation. You can't push a button and search  through 8 million Americans' bank records overseas. If we allow this to  go without personal privacy protections, we are setting ourselves up  for a dystopian nightmare, where the government looks at every  transaction, every purchase, and everything we do in our lives. It is a  big mistake to let this go.   There is no reason why this couldn't be corrected.   I have spoken to the countries involved, and they have assured me  that there is not a problem at all with making these amendment changes  to the treaties. Yet they have fallen on deaf ears.   It is a sad day for Americans taxpayers and a sad day for privacy  that these tax treaties are being rushed through. I strongly object and  hope other Senators will consider voting for taxpayer privacy.    I call up my amendment No. 921.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be waived.    Madam President, I am offering a reservation to these  treaties that would maximize the benefit for individuals and businesses  that are impacted by these tax provisions.   My proposed reservation would establish only for the United States-- and only for our tax purposes--an effective date of January 1, 2019. By  entering into these treaties, the United States and our partners are  committing to the same set of tax rules and solving the problems of  double taxation that plague businesses that operate in several  countries.   Senate debate on the merits of these treaties has taken many years,  and there is no reason to punish American companies that paid their  foreign taxes but then were double-taxed by the IRS due to the lack of  a ratified treaty.   As I have said many times, I support the benefit of these treaties. I  wish we added privacy protections, but I do support the benefits of  avoiding double taxation.   I also support making whole those who have been double-taxed, and I  think it is the right thing to do to backdate these to the beginning of  the year. My proposed reservation would grant these companies and the  IRS the additional benefit of having a uniform tax for 2019.   To give an example of a company in my State that would benefit, North  American Stainless cannot pay dividends without being subject to double  taxation. If we were to make this retroactive, we would not punish this  company in my State. It is disappointing to me that the senior Senator  from Kentucky led the opposition to this amendment because it would  stand to greatly benefit a Kentucky company. It also would stand to  greatly benefit many companies around the country if we were simply to  make this retroactive.   We talked to the countries involved, and there is not one country  that expressed any reservation about this. It is with great  disappointment that I have to oppose the senior Senator from Kentucky,  who is opposing this amendment and rallying those in the body to  prevent this from being retroactive. This would in no way slow down the  treaties, and it is inappropriately said by some that it would. These  treaties would go through with flying colors, and the reservation would  apply only to our country.   I hope those who are thinking about how to vote on this will consider  voting to make these treaties start in January 1 of this year.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  interns in my office be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  the Congress: Ava Kester, Taylor Ecleberry, Jesse Green, Zach  Pennington, Hayden Crosby, Kathleen Dudgeon, and Samuel Grise.   