 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I must admit that, back home, the Green New Deal means  that John Deere dealers are having a new combine sale.   I stand before you this evening to tell you exactly why the Green New  Deal is a sham. Rather than setting realistic goals to reduce carbon  emissions and incentivize cleaner energy development, this so-called  deal stalls innovation and drastically expands government involvement  in almost every aspect of everyday life, at a price tag of more than  $50 trillion.   Over the past 2 years, we have unleashed our economy by reducing  government overregulation, allowing more Americans to invest in their  families, futures, and pursuits. The Green New Deal will throw the  brakes on our economy, as well as the world's economy. Nothing will  increase worldwide carbon production more than a stalled economy.   Additionally, this Green New Deal reverses our success by imposing  harsher regulations that will put American workers and American  companies at an extreme disadvantage. This socialist proposal that  Democrats are championing completely ignores the cost to American  taxpayers and fails to address the negative impacts that other  countries have on global climate change. It implements policies that  will dramatically increase taxes, burdens, and energy bills for  families.   This deal will absolutely devastate our economy with its outrageous  demands for new green infrastructure, new green labor practices, and  new green taxes. It will crush American manufacturing and  transportation industries. It would completely halt domestic energy  production that has had record exports under the Trump administration.   I am a firm believer that we must focus on leaving this world better  than we found it for the next generation. For my children, for your  children, and for our grandchildren, we need to be good stewards of the  resources and the planet we have been given, but any reasonable  solution will require us to use common sense when approaching the  issues.   We must also be careful not to fall into the trap of believing that  the U.S. Government is the answer to correct all our problems. America  has always been a nation of innovators, and instead of imposing new  regulations and taxes, we must continue to lead the world and partner  with American industries to develop creative solutions and new  innovative technologies. Innovation will do more to impact climate  change than any law Washington, D.C., can write.   