 Madam President, I am rising today with just, for lack of  a better term, an incredible amount of hope and excitement--something  we don't always see on the Senate floor these days. We go through so  many routine measures. We go through so many political speeches. But  today is truly a day of hope and excitement and optimism because we are  on the verge of a significant moment for our Nation's historically  Black colleges and universities and all minority-serving institutions.  I frankly hope that in our partisan world we are living in and in our  partisan America, people across this country are tuning in right now or  at least will follow what is happening on the floor of the Senate  today, where a bipartisan coalition has come together for a significant  and important segment of our population that deserves the same economic  and educational opportunities as everyone else.   Fourteen months ago, I came to this Chamber to introduce a permanent  extension, an increase of funding for these important institutions of  education. Nearly half of all the funding they receive was set to run  out on September 30, 2019. We secured a quarter of the Senate as  cosponsors of the bill, and we laid out an ambitious proposal.   In the new Congress, with the clock ticking down toward the deadline,  we offered a more modest but bipartisan and paid-for plan to avert the  looming fiscal cliff. But our goal and the goal of everyone here and  the goal of all of those, including my friend Senator Alexander, was to  always reach the ultimate goal of permanent funding, a permanent  solution for these important institutions.   All told, these schools serve 6 million students across the country.  They are often the foundation upon which families begin to build  generational wealth--not just one person who goes to college but  generational wealth in communities that have long faced systematic  barriers to doing so. They create good, sustainable jobs. They are part  of the very foundation of our higher education system in this country  and in my State in particular.   With all the due respect to my friend Senator Murray from Washington,  there is a little controversy about who has the most HBCUs. I would  claim that Alabama does with 14, but that is for debate on another day.  But we can all agree that supporting these schools and the students  they serve is not a partisan issue. I think we can all agree on that. I  think we have shown that we can agree that funding should never become  a political football. We have all been working toward the same goal.   To say the least, I am so deeply relieved that today we forged this  bipartisan compromise that will allow these schools the funding and the  certainty they need to go forward and continue fulfilling their  important mission.   I sincerely especially want to thank my colleagues on the HELP  Committee and Chairman Alexander and Ranking Member Murray in  particular for their leadership and willingness to reach across the  aisle and find the common ground for the better good of this community.  I also want to thank my friend Senator Scott from South Carolina for  joining me on what we have done over the last couple of years to  introduce the FUTURE Act and to push it forward.   I believe--and I have said this for so long--that we have so much  more in common than we have that divides us. This is just one example.  It is why I hope folks across the country are looking and see that we  can come together and we can be unified.   I am grateful today because in addition to the permanent funding of  HBCUs and minority-serving institutions, this agreement, as the Senator  from Tennessee said, includes a long overdue, first big step toward  simplifying the FAFSA application.   Even with a law degree, I can tell you that with my kids, trying to  do that made me pull out what little bit of hair I have left. I didn't  need to do that. It is not just a frustrating process; it can be so  intimidating that students or their parents just walk away. In Alabama  alone, kids walked away from millions of dollars of Federal financial  aid and grants, not just loans. The FAFSA as it is today can be a huge  barrier for students who want to go to college.   The proposal we have on the table now will help save taxpayers and  make the FAFSA process less painful by cutting up to 22 questions from  the form. It lays the groundwork for a broader FAFSA reform that  Senator Alexander and I have been working on to cut even further to  between 17 to 30 questions.   But getting across the finish line today is not just about renewing  funding or cutting redtape. At their core, these issues are about  opening doors of opportunity for young people who have talent and  motivation to succeed in college and in life, but they have not  necessarily had the financial means or the family connections to do so.  This is about making sure we empower every young person in this country  to reach their full potential and then pay it forward for future  generations. That is what gives me hope standing here today. It is what  makes me excited today.   Again, I want to thank my colleagues for the incredible effort-- Senators Alexander and Murray in particular. Our hearts have always  been in the right place. We have always moved the ball forward knowing  that the long-term goal was to help these families for generations to  come.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   