 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to thank Chairman Inhofe and Ranking  Member Reed for accommodating the Intelligence Committee's intelligence  authorization bill for 2020 to be included in the NDAA. I want to thank  Leader McConnell and Senator Schumer for their understanding of why  this is important to do.   The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is a unique committee. We  uphold the secrecy and the confidentiality of intelligence programs  that keep our Nation safe every day. We ensure our intelligence  community has the tools and resources to protect America at home and  abroad.   So I am pleased that the Senate is considering our intelligence  authorization bill as part of the NDAA. Our bill is 3 fiscal years in  the making. In May, the Senate Intelligence Committee unanimously  passed the bill with a vote of 15 to 0. Let me say that one more time.  We unanimously passed the intelligence authorization bill 15 to 0.   I appreciate Vice Chairman Warner's work and his collaboration to  achieve that unanimous support of all 15 Members of the Intelligence  Committee. The bill is a genuinely bipartisan product that protects the  United States, strengthens our national security, and supports the  activities of the men and women who are serving in uniform around the  clock and around the globe. I would remind the Presiding Officer and  the Members that it is the 15 Members of the Select Committee on  Intelligence who give the other 85 Members of the Senate and the  American people the assurance that our intelligence activities operate  within the Constitution and/or the Executive orders of the President.   The last intelligence authorization bill for fiscal year 2017 was  enacted May 5, 2017. We have gone too long without critical resources  and authorities that our intelligence agencies need to do their work  and to keep our country safe from ever-expanding national security  threats. Not only does our bill fund the U.S. intelligence activities  across 17 agencies, but it enables congressional oversight of the  intelligence community's classified activities. The  [[Page S4497]]  bill ensures financial accountability for the programs we authorize and  supports development of future capabilities to stay a step ahead of our  adversaries. We do not have time to waste as the threats increase in  scope and scale.   All of this bipartisan oversight and accountability can exist only  when we have a current, enacted intelligence authorization bill. Our  intelligence agencies need the authorization, the direction, and the  guidance from Congress to protect and defend America, its allies, and  its partners. The agencies need these authorizations to collect,  analyze, and utilize intelligence and to recruit and retain the  personnel they need. Equally important, our authorization bill ensures  that those activities abide by our Constitution and privacy laws.   I would like to mention some specifics in the bill. First, it deters  Russian and other foreign influence in our U.S. elections. It  facilitates information sharing between Federal, State, and local  election officials. These activities are essential to protecting the  foundation of our democracy, our U.S. elections.   Next, the bill increases oversight of Russian activities by requiring  notifications of Russian Federation personnel travel in the United  States, countering Russian propaganda activities within the United  States, and by requiring threat assessments on Russian financial  activities.   In addition, the bill improves our security clearance processes by  requiring the intelligence community to take steps to reduce backlogs,  improving clearance information sharing and oversight and holding the  executive branch responsible for modernizing clearance policies.   The bill protects the intelligence community's supply chain from  foreign counterintelligence threats from countries such as Russia and  China.   Importantly, the bill increases benefits for intelligence community  personnel by enhancing pay scales for certain cyber security positions  and increasing paid parental leave.   Finally, it establishes increased accountability for our most  sensitive programs.   The Senate Intelligence Committee has acted carefully and  comprehensively to oversee our intelligence community and its  resources. But the current gap in authorities is unacceptable and,  frankly, dangerous. Our enemies and adversaries do not take 2 years  off. Congress cannot afford to let our intelligence authorization bills  lapse any longer.   I will end where I started. Without the collaboration and cooperation  of the chairman and the ranking member and the entire SAS Committee, we  wouldn't have this opportunity, but they recognize as well as we do  that the security of America comes first. Any delay in authorizing the  intelligence community bill or passing the NDAA is not what America  expects us to do. They expect us to pass an authorization bill rapidly  and with as much predictability as possible for the men and women in  uniform and those who serve in the shadows of our intelligence  community. An authorization bill that is done quickly and clearly makes  their lives and futures more predictable. America's safety is too  important for us to delay any longer authorizations for the military or  for the intelligence community.   I once again thank the chairman for his accommodations in this bill.  I urge my colleagues in this body to pass this authorization bill as  quickly as we possibly can and send a signal to the men and women who  serve this country and defend this country that Congress is on their  side and not in opposition to them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   