 Mr. Speaker, as a Jewish Member of Congress who lost  family in the Holocaust and whose grandfather fought the Nazis, I need  no reminder about our responsibility to confront bigotry, hatred, and  intolerance wherever it is found.   No matter how hard one tries, the allegation of dual loyalty simply  does not constitute legitimate opinion about foreign policy. It is a  slur against Jews. It is indefensible, and it is deserving of  condemnation by everyone every time. More than anything, it is  offensive to question my loyalty or anyone's loyalty to the United  States of America here simply because I am Jewish, the same way it was  appalling to question President John Kennedy's loyalty to the United  States because he was Catholic.   I am glad that Congress is voicing its opposition to anti-Semitism  and made it clear that a dual loyalty smear is unacceptable.   Unfortunately, it was also clear from the discussions this week and  the ultimate resolution that anti-Semitism is being treated differently  than other forms of bigotry and hatred. There shouldn't be an asterisk  next to anti-Semitism, and I will continue to fight it.    Madam Speaker, I am thankful to be able to speak on  behalf of this important bipartisan legislation.   Madam Speaker, I ask that Mrs. Maloney keep that jacket on, so we can  remember the importance of our firefighters who ran into those  buildings. That is excellent. I thank Mr. Zeldin for his leadership and  his friendship, and I am really grateful. I thank Mr. Rose for his  leadership as well.   On 9/11, as we all know, our first responders ran directly into  danger when others ran out. Just like we should always stand by our  veterans and Active Duty, we are here today because we must continue to  get the backs of all first responders and others who get our backs  every day, especially those who stood up to the terrorists that morning  and ran into the burning buildings on 9/11 and in the weeks that  followed.   They are heroes and need our help. On 9/11, our world changed in an  instant. Hundreds of Jersey cops and New York law enforcement,  firefighters, EMTs, and others from around the country answered the  call of duty and rushed toward the pile, some staying there for weeks.   If you ask how they were able to summon the courage that day, they  will tell you that they were simply doing their job. Our Nation has an  obligation to do everything in our power to take care of our first  responders and survivors of those horrific attacks by terrorists on  American soil.   Now, too many first responders are suffering from serious illnesses  and cancers from exposure to harmful toxins, smoke, and debris from the  pile. We lost thousands that day and have lost thousands since because  of those effects. In fact, during those first few days, many didn't  even wear a mask or an appropriate mask. They were told that they would  be fine.   Congress set up the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund to help  cover and compensate for 9/11 injuries, lost earnings, benefits, and  out-of-pocket medical expenses. Many of those who were exposed back in  2001 are, sadly, first developing symptoms now, and still are. There  just aren't enough allocated resources to cover all those who have  suffered.   As a result, the special master of the fund recently announced that  injured  [[Page H2574]]  and ill 9/11 first responders and survivors would receive cuts of 50 or  70 percent of their benefits that they were promised, that their  families could count on, that their children could count on.   That is absolutely unacceptable. We can't leave law enforcement and  first responders with brain tumors and end-stage lung disease by the  wayside.   It is heartbreaking to hear their stories, and I heard so many  earlier this week in New Jersey when we got together. They talked about  how there are hundreds of first responders and volunteers still going  through the Mount Sinai monitoring program, hoping for the best, but  expecting the worst. It is in the back of the minds of all those who  were there that day: When will I be diagnosed? Will it be too late?  What will happen to my children and my family?   As of earlier this year, more than 47,000 claims have been filed with  the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund and more than 11,000  additional claims are expected by 2020 when the fund is set to expire  unless Congress acts. We must do the right thing by our first  responders once and for all. No excuses.   That is why I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of this  bipartisan legislation, the Never Forget the Heroes Act, to fully fund  the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund so that no 9/11 survivor  has to ever worry.   As Mr. Zeldin said, there is nothing partisan about this. The  bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus just talked about it this morning,  how important it is, including Mr. Rose.   This is a fight where we have had many champions, from Jon Stewart to  Congresswoman Maloney to Congressman King, and I am grateful to all of  them. Representatives Nadler, Zeldin, Rose, Fitzpatrick, Sherrill, and  Smith, I thank all these Members for coming together in this bipartisan  fight. Again, this was an attack on American soil by terrorists.   I thank all the families and all our first responders for their  incredible service to our great country.   