 Mr. Chair, I rise reluctantly in opposition to H.R.  3055, and but let me say that I appreciate the efforts of the majority  in producing the fiscal year 2020 appropriations package that we will  be considering today.   As my colleague from New York referred to, this bill does address  many priorities and concerns of Members on both sides of the aisle and,  certainly, those of us from the Republican side of the aisle. Mr.  Chair, we do appreciate that.   I am pleased that the bill provides critical resources for our world- class space program. It funds NASA at levels necessary to work toward  the completion of the Space Launch System and the Exploration Upper  Stage, and it provides strong funding to continue developing deep-space  exploration technologies.    This bill also includes important funding for our Federal law  enforcement components and valuable support for our law enforcement  partners back home. These resources will help eliminate the sexual  assault kit backlog. It will support drug courts and other vital  initiatives to address the opioid crisis and help put an end to human  trafficking.   The Commerce, Justice, Science bill that is a part of this package is  a testament to the commitment that Chairman Serrano made to work  together. As he referred to earlier, we worked very closely together.  While we may not have agreed on everything that is in this bill, there  was a lot that we could agree on.   Let me add that I also appreciate the majority's attention to rural  development matters when crafting the Agriculture appropriations bill.  I am particularly appreciative of the continued robust funding for the  rural broadband program and for what now-Chairman Bishop and I worked  on together to draft in the last Congress.   Yet, the fact that there are programs in this bill deserving strong  support does not negate the need for fiscal accountability.  Unfortunately, the bills  [[Page H4799]]  in this package have been written to an irresponsible top-line number.   The Commerce, Justice, Science bill alone, for example, includes a  $7.5 billion adjustment for the 2020 Census plus an additional $2.3  billion above the fiscal year 2019-enacted level. It is money that the  Department of Commerce says it does not need.   I stand willing to work with the majority in good faith because if we  are to avoid more continuing resolutions or even a protracted  government shutdown and sequestration, we need to come together in a  bipartisan fashion, along with the administration, to agree on a  realistic top-line funding level.   Finally, I still have many unaddressed concerns with this bill.   The bill lacks additional funding requested for NASA for the purpose  of establishing a permanent U.S. space presence on and around the Moon  within the next decade.   The bill also contravenes existing law by funding lawyers for the  individuals who are here on our southern border without documentation.   Also, it prohibits the Justice Department from using performance  metrics to measure immigration judge productivity. Let's be honest: An  immigration court system with a docket approaching 900,000 cases and no  appreciable case completion goal is a system devised for those who do  not have a lawful right to remain in this country.   In addition, the bill eliminates several longstanding Second  Amendment protections that have enjoyed historical, bipartisan support  throughout the years.   The bill also prohibits the Census Bureau from including a question  just merely on citizenship in the 2020 Census.   In closing, again, I thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member  Granger for their hard work and that of their staff. Certainly, I thank  Chairman Serrano for his dedication and hard work on behalf of the  appropriations process and the United States of America.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment  offered by the gentleman from Louisiana.   NASA's plan for facilities to support our human exploration mission  is not sufficient, because nothing is more important than keeping our  American astronauts alive and safe on these exploration missions.   We will continue to support robust funding for NASA exploration. The  funding that is mentioned here, which is part of the SLS Orion and  related ground system programs, is critical and supports multiple NASA  facilities and personnel, and it even allows NASA engineers to assist  commercial space companies with complex engineering challenges.   I urge my colleagues' support of this amendment, Madam Chair, and  NASA's exploration programs.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of this en bloc  amendment.   I thank Chairwoman Lowey and Chairman Serrano for working with our  side of the aisle, including many provisions that are important to many  of our Members here on the Republican side.   Included in this en bloc group of amendments are several NASA and  science-related items that I wholeheartedly support.   Congressman Babin's amendment enables the Office of Space Commerce  and the Office, Commercial Remote Sensing Regulatory Affairs to better  assist American companies to be globally competitive, while still  retaining necessary requirements for consultation with relevant  agencies.   Representative Foster's amendment emphasizes the need for NASA to  move towards a demonstration stage of using safe, low-enriched uranium  for power on the Moon and in space, including thermal nuclear  propulsion to Mars.   Madam Chair, I appreciate Chairman Serrano's decision to offer this  bipartisan en bloc amendment, and I would urge my colleagues to support  it.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment.   Unfortunately, there is a campaign that seems to be of fear that  surrounds this citizenship question. It really should be an educational  campaign.   I would just like to reiterate some important facts about the Census  itself.   The proposed question regarding citizenship status only asks if a  respondent is a citizen, as has already been pointed out. It does not  ask if the respondent is here lawfully or not.   Also, a person's response, if they are not a citizen, does not  provide the government with any reliable information about whether they  are lawfully present in the U.S.   Furthermore, by law, the Census Bureau cannot, and it will not,  disclose anyone's sponsor or share data from which any individual can  be identified by ICE or any other Federal agency.   Fortunately, the Census Bureau is deploying expert communicators and  trusted messengers to conduct local outreach in hard-to-count  communities and motivate each and every person to respond to the  Census.   A successful 2020 Census will provide a full and accurate and a  secure account of every person who is living in the United States,  while gathering the data vital to both understanding our Nation's  changing demographics and bolstering enforcement of the Voting Rights  Act.   The citizenship question does not threaten anyone. The bill includes  the outreach sources needed to make this fact abundantly clear to  everyone. Inclusion of this provision will only serve to sow more  confusion and to make the allocation of the 2020 Census more difficult.   For those reasons, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment.    Madam Chairwoman, I rise in support of this amendment  that is offered by the gentleman from Florida. It is in human nature to  explore.   Wernher von Braun and his team in Huntsville, Alabama, designed the  rockets that took us to the Moon. The Marshall Space Flight Center  which is just north of the district I represent in Alabama, put the  shuttle through full-scale stress tests as part of its safety  certification. Now, the Space Launch System rocket, the most powerful  rocket in the world, is 80 percent assembled.   With Orion on top--the capsule which allows deep space exploration-- the SLS will launch from Cape Canaveral.   As we celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Apollo 11 mission to the  Moon, we further honor it by pushing ahead with the SLS mission, which  will land the first female American astronaut on the Moon's surface.   Madam Chairwoman, I urge support of this amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise in reluctant opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, as I mentioned, I do rise in reluctant  opposition to the amendment. The U.S. Marshals Service's Federal  Prisoner Detention account supports detention of all who are remanded  to the custody of the Attorney General ahead of trial or sentencing.   Of the largest segments of the average daily population of 61,000, 31  percent are held on drug charges; 24 percent are held on immigration  charges; and 14 percent on firearm charges.   Moreover, the detention of individuals for these offenses is on the  rise. The U.S. Marshals Service cannot afford to see this account  reduced by this magnitude. There are some dangerous offenders out  there. Again, I think this is an important program, but I don't think  it is in the best interest to pull this money from the United States  Marshals Service, and, therefore, I urge a ``no'' vote on the  amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition. I am  opposed to the amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition, reluctantly, to my  good friend from Michigan's amendment.  [[Page H4890]]    As I said, there are some issues here that I think we do need to make  clear. The amendment would reverse the July 2017 order from Attorney  General Sessions, which included safeguards to ensure such adoptions  are legal and conform to Department of Justice policy.   Adoptions allow the Federal Government to recover funds that are  proceeds of or that are connected to Federal crimes but where property  happens to be discovered by local law enforcement.   Moreover, this type of Federal and local cooperation fosters  important collaboration between agents and officers. We should not  return hastily to the Obama administration policy, but rather continue  to review carefully the practice of forfeiture adoption as part of a  broader discussion of asset forfeiture reform.   Violent crimes, gangs, and drug trafficking are a growing and  continuing problem. We should not take away a tool from law enforcement  that it needs to combat criminal groups and make our streets safer.   Madam Chair, I recommend a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise to oppose the amendment. This  proposal would prevent Federal law enforcement from enforcing current  law and from protecting public health and ensuring community safety.   Under the Controlled Substances Act, the Drug Enforcement  Administration defines schedule I drugs as having no current acceptable  medical use and a high potential for abuse. According to the National  Institute on Drug Abuse, there is no scientifically recognized medical  benefit from smoking or eating marijuana plants.   Claims of benefits from smoked or ingested marijuana are anecdotal  and generally outright fabrications. It is established by fact that  such marijuana use has real health and real social harms.   This is true especially for young children with developing brains and  those with impaired physical conditions as well as psychological  conditions. New data shows crime and health problems from marijuana use  and trafficking in particular in States that decriminalize its use.   This amendment that is before us sends the wrong message about widely  abused drugs in the United States. The Drug Enforcement Administration  says more young people receive treatment for marijuana dependency than  for alcohol and other illegal drugs combined. The amendment ignores the  problems with abuse and sends the false message to youth that smoking  marijuana is healthy.   Mr. Chair, I urge rejection of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I do rise in support of the gentleman's  amendment, and I appreciate his work on behalf of domestic  manufacturing.   This amendment would highlight the importance of the Department of  Commerce antidumping duty and countervailing duty investigations and  the threat posed to American businesses from foreign companies selling  products to the U.S. at less than fair value, commonly known as  dumping, as well as the threat of imported goods from foreign countries  that benefit from financial assistance from a foreign government in the  form of a counter-vailable subsidy.   This amendment would also encourage better utilization of resources  to self-initiate these investigations, pursuant to U.S. law.   Although most antidumping duty and countervailing duty investigations  are initiated following a petition on behalf of an industry alleging  injurious dumping and/or unfair subsidy of imports into the U.S.,  antidumping and countervailing duty investigations can be self- initiated by the Department of Commerce from information that is made  available.   The self-initiation of antidumping duty and countervailing duty  investigations is an important tool in cases where a U.S. industry  consists of small companies or is fractured and the members of that  industry cannot meet the threshold necessary to file a petition.   The United States needs to strongly enforce our trade laws and not  allow our domestic manufacturing capacity to be degraded in the face of  unfair trade practices that hurt American employers, workers, and  communities.   These investigations are crucial. They are important tools in the  effort to ensure a level playing field that allows our businesses and  our industries to compete.   Mr. Chair, I think this is a good amendment. I ask that my colleagues  support it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, although I am  not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I actually rise in strong support of this  amendment. I certainly understand the concerns about potential misuse  of Census data. Thankfully, misusing Census data is a felony. It is  punishable by up to 5 years in prison and by a $250,000 fine.   Put another way, by law, the Census Bureau cannot disclose anyone's  responses or share data from which an individual can be identified, by  ICE or any other Federal agency. That is in current law.   So I join my colleague in opposing the use of any funds that would be  made available to violate the confidentiality laws that govern our  Census.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Chair, if a Member quotes a reference to a  newspaper that impugns the character of a Cabinet official, does that  violate the House rules?   