 Madam President, I spent a lot of time talking to South  Dakota farmers over the August break, and I can tell you that if there  is one thing on farmers' minds right now, it is trade; it is markets;  it is having a place to sell the things that we raise and grow. Farmers  and ranchers have had a rough few years. Low commodity prices and low  livestock prices, natural disasters, and protracted trade disputes have  left our agricultural economy trailing behind our economy as a whole.   As farmers emphasized to me during August, one of the biggest things  we can do to help our agricultural economy is to implement trade  agreements that benefit American farmers and ranchers. The United  States is currently involved in trade negotiations on multiple fronts-- with the European Union, with China, with Japan, and with other Asian- Pacific countries.   Like many farmers and ranchers, I support the President's goal of  addressing trade imbalances and securing more favorable conditions for  American products abroad, but we need to conclude these agreements as  soon as possible. The longer negotiations drag on, the tougher the  situation for farmers, who face retaliatory tariffs as well as a lot of  uncertainty about what markets are going to look like.   We have had some recent successes. In August, the administration  announced a deal to increase U.S. beef sales to Europe. In May, the  administration announced a deal with Japan to remove all remaining age  restrictions on U.S. beef, giving American ranchers full access to the  Japanese market for the first time in more than a decade. Yet that is  just a tiny fraction of what needs to get done on the trade front when  it comes to agriculture.   Every time I speak with the President and his administration, I  emphasize what South Dakota farmers have told me: We need to conclude  negotiations on the various trade deals that we are working on, and we  need to do it now. We need to open new markets, expand existing ones,  and give farmers and ranchers certainty about what those markets are  going to look like.   While we are still in negotiations on a number of agreements, one  deal that we don't need to wait for is the United States-Mexico-Canada  Free Trade Agreement. This agreement has already been fully negotiated  by our three countries, and Congress can take it up at any point.   The United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement is a clear and significant  win for our farmers and ranchers. Canada and Mexico are the No. 1 and  No. 2 export markets for American food and agricultural products. This  agreement will preserve and expand farmers' access to these critical  markets and will give farmers certainty about what these markets will  look like in the long term.   I am particularly pleased with the improvements the agreement makes  for U.S. dairy producers. South Dakota has experienced a massive dairy  expansion over the past few years, and this agreement will benefit U.S.  dairy producers by substantially expanding market access in Canada,  which is where U.S. dairy sales have been restricted. The U.S.  International Trade Commission estimates that the agreement will boost  U.S. dairy exports by more than $277 million. The agreement will also  expand market access for U.S. poultry and egg producers, and it will  make it easier for U.S. producers to export wheat to Canada.   Of course, while I have been talking a lot about farmers, the  benefits of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement will not be  limited to the agricultural industry. Virtually every sector of our  economy will benefit from this agreement--from manufacturing to digital  services, to the automotive industry. It will create 176,000 new U.S.  jobs, will grow our economy, and will raise wages for workers.   The Republicans in the Senate are ready to consider the United  States-Mexico-Canada Agreement. We are just waiting for the House  Democrats to stop threatening to oppose the agreement and to show a  willingness to put it to an up-or-down vote in the House of  Representatives.   The administration has made addressing the Democrats' concerns a  priority throughout the negotiation process, and it seems to me that if  you are a Democrat who is unhappy with the status quo, voting for the  USMCA is the best way to fix it.   I am encouraged by the fact that the Democrats appear to be working  with the administration to reach a resolution on this agreement, and I  hope they will continue to work with the White House to bring this  agreement to a vote as soon as possible in the House of  Representatives. America's farmers and ranchers need the United States- Mexico-Canada Agreement. While it won't be a cure-all for all of the  problems that are facing farm country, it will be a significant step  forward.   Congress should pass this agreement as soon as possible and allow  farmers and ranchers and the rest of the American economy to start  realizing the benefits.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), and  the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson), and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Roberts).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''   