 Mr. President, I want to compliment Senator Shaheen for  doing her homework on Syria--traveling, understanding the strategic  implications of losing in Syria for the United States and our allies.   In New Hampshire and South Carolina, there is not a lot of talk about  Syria. It is not that people don't care; it is just that we have our  plate full here at home with all of our needs in our own backyard. The  thing I can tell people throughout the country: You ignore these  problems at our own peril.   The wave of refugees that came out of Syria when the civil war first  began is going to replicate itself--or I guess we can all sit on the  sidelines and watch 3 million people be killed. I hope we don't do  that.   Idlib is a province in northwestern Syria. The opposition is  basically in a corner near the border with Turkey. Assad, with the help  of Iran and mostly Russia, is trying to break their will and literally  destroy them.   Within this group of people--about 3\1/2\ million--there are some  really hardcore al-Qaida types--Al-Nusra, all kinds of names associated  with the groups--but they are radical Sunni Islamists, and they would  bring ISIS back roaring. We don't want them to win the day, and we sure  as heck don't want Iran to control Syria.   I think it would be a huge mistake for the United States to let Assad  prevail in this war, and let me tell you why: It never ends with him.  Every radical Sunni Islamist group in the world will use Assad's  presence in Syria as a recruiting tool. He is a proxy of Iran. Without  Iran, there would be no Assad. So you create a great recruiting  opportunity for radical Islam if you let Assad prevail.   On multiple occasions, our country has said Assad must go. Why?  Because he is a war criminal. He has lost all legitimacy. Russia will  have basically trumped the United States--no pun intended--in the  backyard of the Middle East, Syria.   President Trump, to his credit, changed his decision to withdraw all  forces in northeastern Syria and have a holding force with more  international involvement to prevent ISIS from coming back in the  Manbij area, making sure that Iran doesn't come down and take over,  with Assad, that part of Syria and that Turkey doesn't come into  northeastern Syria to deal with the Syrian Democratic Forces, the  Kurdish elements of the YPG.   A small American contingent force has brought some stability to  northeastern Syria. Our Kurdish allies who stepped up to the plate feel  like they are in a better spot--we have to realize that Turkey has a  legitimate concern about the YPG elements--but to keep everybody apart  and make sure ISIS doesn't come back.   Nobody is talking about Idlib. President Trump, to his credit, did  tweet on June 2--just a few weeks ago--``Hearing word that Russia,  Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib  Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent  civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose,  what will it get you? STOP!'' Good tweet.   The only way it is going to stop is for Russia and Iran to pay a  price for helping Assad. It is Russian jets with Syrian jets that are  indiscriminately bombing civilians in Idlib.   If Idlib falls and these people flush out of Syria, you are going to  have another wave of refugees coming to Turkey, which is saturated, and  eventually Turkey is going to open up the floodgates back into Europe,  and we are going to repeat this all over again.   To my European friends and allies, you have been reluctant--except  the French and the British--to help us in northeastern Syria with a  holding force. How many times do you have to see the same movie to  understand we need to do something different?   What do you tell the European population? That we don't have the will  to put a few thousand troops in Syria to make sure that we are not  flooded in Europe with people fleeing for their lives? It just never  ceases to amaze me how quickly we forget the lessons of the past.   As to Idlib, they have broken the agreement we had. Turkey, to its  credit, has been trying to find a political solution in that part of  Syria.   Senator Shaheen and I both know that the only way you end this war is  through a political negotiation in Geneva. By having some American  forces with our partners in northeastern Syria, we have leverage over  the outcome. If we could stand Assad down in Idlib, we would have more  leverage to allow the Syrian people to heal their own country.   As these attacks escalate--and they will--the President and his team,  in conjunction with the civilized world, needs to come up with an Idlib  plan.   What I want to do with Senator Shaheen is come up with some sanctions  or some policies directed at the impending disaster called Idlib. I  want us to put on the record our objection to what Russia, Iran, and  Assad are doing and try to craft some consequences and actually work  with the administration to stop what will be inevitable if we don't  send the right signal, which will be the slaughter of hundreds of  thousands of innocent people, a new wave of refugees, and putting  radical Sunni Islam on steroids, because they will come to the fight if  you don't.   So here is your choice, to the free world: If you don't get involved  in Syria and try to end this madness, radical Sunni Islam will gladly  take your place, and that is not a good outcome. There is no winning in  that situation. If Assad wins, we lose. If the radical Sunni Islamist  al-Nusra types win, we lose.   The good news is, the best way to win is to help the Syrian people.  The Syrian people don't want to be dictated anymore by Assad, which is  how this all started. They are tired of living under his control. They  are not radical people by nature. They are not turning to ISIS as the  answer to Assad. Give them a choice. It is in our interest to be  involved to some extent.   We are not the world's policemen, but we are the glue that holds the  world together, and Syria can be put back together only through peace  negotiations where the parties have some leverage over their  adversaries. It is not just a humanitarian crisis in the making. This  is going to change the balance and the power in Syria and the Mideast  in a very bad way. You are going to have a never-ending conflict  between Iranian proxies and radical Sunni Islamic groups in Syria  unless you defang both. Doing nothing sounds good on paper, until you  realize what happens when you ignore a problem.   I will end with this. On September 10, 2001, America did not have one  soldier in Afghanistan, not one dime of aid to Afghanistan. We didn't  even have an ambassador to Afghanistan. We just watched as the Taliban  took over. They put women in soccer stadiums and killed them for sport  because they wore the burka too short, and they blew up statues of  Buddha. We were under the illusion, well, that is their problem, not  ours. Well, it eventually became our problem because the people doing  this stuff to women and religious artifacts of other cultures are  compelled by God to deal with us.   If you think leaving them alone ends this conflict, you don't  understand what the conflict is about. They are driven by a religious  ideology that has no place for anybody in this room, our friends in  Israel, or moderate Muslims. So you can deal with them now or you can  deal with them later.   Assad is in a different category but is just as evil and uses the  same kind of butchery. I am here to tell you--to Europe: You had better  up your game when it comes to Idlib because you are going to pay a  heavy price.   To the Trump administration, I really appreciate what you have done  in northeastern Syria. I appreciate the tweet of the President on June  2. But we have to do more than tweet. We, in  [[Page S3824]]  the Senate, need to offer some assistance to the administration and our  allies, and, working with Senator Shaheen, we will try to find a way to  move forward. I appreciate her interests.   There is not a whole lot of upside in talking about things like this  in modern American politics. But you are always going to be viewed well  by history when you address a problem, when you stand up against evil,  and when you try to do something about it. It may not be popular for  the moment, but time will prove you right.   I thank Senator Shaheen.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   