 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to speak on the confirmation  of Steven Menashi to be a judge on the United States Court of Appeals  for the Second Circuit. We have grown accustomed to the violations of  norms around here, kind of a dumbing down of the institution. So by all  of those standards, I would ordinarily be opposing Mr. Menashi.   We have disposed of the blue slip convention for Circuit Court  nominees. I just warn my colleagues, again, that there is a price to be  paid for that. The blue slip for Circuit Court nominees is the thing  that connects a Circuit Court nominee to a particular State so that an  Arkansas judge on the Circuit Court of Appeals or the Rhode Island  judge on our Circuit Court of Appeals or the Montana judge on their  Circuit Court of Appeals only is the Arkansas judge or the Rhode Island  judge or the Montana judge because we honor that blue slip.   In another Presidency, when the shoe is on the other foot, I don't  want to hear any of my colleagues who have thrown this Circuit Court  blue slip out complain when somebody who is not even from their State  gets appointed to the so-called State seat on the Circuit Court.   In addition, we have dealt with a lot of unqualified candidates. I  think this administration has set the record for ABA-designated  unqualified candidates. This guy has never tried a case, never taken a  deposition. He effectively has not practiced law. When he has tried to  practice law, it has been a disaster. He has been the counsel for the  Department of Education and managed to have various programs that he  advised on all thrown out in court and his Secretary held in contempt-- so not a guy who, when you get a mere legal decision, comes up with a  real winning record.   Moreover, he refused, extremely arrogantly, to answer really basic  questions, even to the point of frustrating Republican members of the  committee when he was a witness before us, and has refused to answer  related questions for the record as well.   So, for all of those reasons, this is a pretty undesirable candidate  for the Federal bench, but it gets way, way worse. If you look at what  Mr. Menashi has said over the years, it is quite an astonishing window  into his mind. With respect to affirmative action, he has compared  universities--I am quoting him here--he has compared universities  cataloging students according to race on college applications  [[Page S6535]]  and official documents, which you obviously do as part of any  affirmative action program, he has compared that to the Nuremberg laws.   If you look at the issue of sexual violence, he has made fun of Take  Back the Night marches and described women who are active and concerned  about sexual violence as--his words here--``campus gynocentrics''-- maybe he pronounced it gynocentrics, I do not know--campus  gynocentrics. When you are talking about sexual violence, that is not  just a normal word to use. When you are talking about affirmative  action, reference to Nazi Nuremberg laws is just not normal.   He has argued that gun regulations are ``pointless''--I am quoting  him here--``pointless and self-defeating because guns reduce crime.''  Really? Ask the victims of the firearms massacres happening at such a  horrifying rate in this country how guns reduce crime.   With respect to the rights that have been enshrined in our  Constitution and recognized in Roe v. Wade, giving women the right, to  some degree, of self-determination about when to have children, he  described the rights codified in Roe v. Wade--I quote him here--as  ``radical abortion rights advocated by campus feminists.'' Good luck,  on an issue related to a woman's right to choose, getting a fair  hearing from this character once he is enrobed.   He mocked the gay rights group Human Rights Campaign, which he said  incessantly exploited the slaying of Matthew Shepard for both financial  and political benefit. We engage in some pretty acid rhetoric around  here, but about a young man who was murdered about being gay, that is  just appalling. If you are in his court on an issue in which the rights  of LGBT folks are involved, there is almost no way that you could  believe that a judge that has thought or said anything as vile as that  could ever give you a fair hearing.   With respect to the question of diversity, which many of us consider  to be one of America's greatest traits, social scientists, he said,  have found that greater ethnic heterogeneity, i.e., social diversity,  is associated with lower social trust. Ethnically heterogenetic  societies exhibit less political and civic engagement, less effective  government institutions, and fewer public goods.   First of all, I don't think that is true. I don't think that stands  to scrutiny. But, second of all, it is just kind of a creepy thing to  be saying, that we would be a better country if we marshaled ourselves  together into our ethnic enclaves, which ``provide the groundwork for  social trust and political solidarity''--not in my world, not in Rhode  Island. That is not the way we work. I don't think that is the way  America works.   So whether you are looking at diversity, whether you are looking at  gay rights, whether you are looking at a woman's right to choose,  whether you are looking at safe regulation of guns, whether you are  looking at sexual violence against women, whether you are looking at  affirmative action in colleges, you can find something truly creepy  that this individual has said. That, on top of all the other  disqualifying factors, makes him perhaps the worst candidate that  Donald Trump has tried to put on the Federal bench--by the way, that is  in a crop of doozies.   The problem here is that people are going to come into these courts  and they are going to have a feeling that no American litigant should  have and that is that I have got a judge who is predisposed against me,  that it doesn't matter what my cause is. It matters who I am.   And, sadly, I don't think this is the bug in these Trump judicial  appointments; I think this is the feature. I think it is the intention  of the dark money fueled apparatus that has got this assembly line of  unusual and peculiar judges cranked on to our courts to actually make  sure that our courts are more likely to rule for certain people than  others, that they are more likely to rule for polluters, that they are  more likely to rule for gun companies, that they are more likely to  rule for dark money political operators.   There are essentially, at this point, with this nominee to a Circuit  Court of Appeals, no standards left--no standards left. I can't imagine  anybody much worse.   It is a sad day.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I am not going to be that long. I ask  unanimous consent to speak for up to half an hour as in morning  business.    Mr. President, today is my 258th ``Time to Wake Up''  speech, and I want to use this occasion to take us back to our oceans.   Before I get into the substance of my remarks, I note that this will  be the last ``Time to Wake Up'' speech during which Adena Leibman will  be with me. She has been closely involved in all of my office's oceans  work. She has, indeed, led it. She came to my office as a Knauss  fellow.   We loved Dean Knauss in Rhode Island. He was the dean of the Graduate  School of Oceanography at the University of Rhode Island. In working  with Senator Pell, he helped to launch NOAA, helped to start the Sea  Grant Program, and was extremely significant in the ocean work of our  government. So one being a Knauss fellow--one of the Knauss legacies-- is a really big deal and is a particularly big deal in Rhode Island.   Adena has been coordinating the oceans work now for 4 years and has  also been coordinating our appropriations work. In the time that Adena  has been working on this, the bipartisan Oceans Caucus, which Senator  Murkowski and I established, has grown to 40 Members. It is very  bipartisan. It is very effective. We set it up as a working caucus, and  it is working.   Adena helped us get the Coastal Resilience Fund passed into law. It  is now producing tens of millions of dollars in grants for coastal  communities that need the support as sea levels rise.   She helped to get the Save Our Seas Act passed. That was a unanimous  effort. Dan Sullivan, of Alaska, was a remarkable partner in all of  that. The participants in that included leaders from landlocked States.  Senator Inhofe was a real leader on that bill. We had such a good time  with it that we are now working on Save Our Seas 2.0, which today came  through the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee after  having passed the Foreign Relations Committee unanimously and the  Environment and Public Works Committee unanimously. We are hoping that  soon we will be able to organize the floor consideration of it and,  perhaps, pass it by unanimous consent in the way we did with the Save  Our Seas Act. The work of all of that progress in those committees and  the negotiating of Save Our Seas 2.0 was led by Adena.   Lastly, this week, I started going around to collect cosponsors for  Senator Murkowski's and my BLUE GLOBE Act, which is the ocean data  monitoring bill that we have worked on and are now ready to launch. An  enormous amount of preparatory work goes into getting that ready-- getting supporters lined up and doing all of the work of cross- referencing the different points of view--and getting a bill that we  also hope stands a good chance of passing this body by unanimous  consent. So I give the speech with gratitude to Adena for her work.   