 Thank you to my colleague from North Dakota. North  Dakota has a lot of farmers and manufacturers. There is a lot of  manufacturing in his State as well, and they never had a better friend.  That is why he is so strong a supporter of this agreement. It makes a  big difference.   My colleague from Arkansas talked about the fact that Arkansas's two  largest trading partners are Canada and Mexico. It is the same for  Ohio. China is actually kind of a distant third. These two countries  are critical for our exports. That is why this agreement is so  important.   I am a former trade lawyer. I also was the U.S. Trade Representative  under George W. Bush. Now I am on the Finance Committee, which is the  committee that handles these trade issues. I think having a balanced  and healthy trade relationship is very important. We have to stand up  for our country. We need to enforce these agreements we have. We also  need to expand the exports because that is what creates jobs--by the  way, better paying jobs. They pay about 16 percent more on average and  have better benefits. That is why we need to be sure we have agreements  like this one.   We have about 5 percent of the world's population and about 25  percent of the world's economy. We need to sell our stuff overseas. It  gives us access to 95 percent of the consumers who live outside of our  borders. Mexico and Canada, as I said, are our biggest trading  partners. Thirty-nine percent of our exports go to Canada alone--twice  the national average. All in all, Mexico and Canada now support more  than 12 million jobs nationally, according to the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce.   We all know the NAFTA agreement has to be updated. It is now 25 years  old, and it looks like it. It doesn't have a lot of things I would  expect in any modern agreement, such as taking care of the digital  economy. So much of our economy is now over the internet; yet there is  nothing in this agreement that deals with that part of our economy.   It is more than just a name change. It does include a lot of  different aspects. We put in more modern agreements that we don't have  in the NAFTA.   Another is labor and environmental standards. Not only are they  stronger, but they are enforceable under this new agreement. They are  not enforceable under NAFTA.   Auto jobs have left the United States of America over the last 25  years. One reason this agreement is necessary is that the USMCA shifts  more auto production back to the United States. My colleague from North  Dakota talked about the manufacturing side. This is going to get U.S.  automobile assembly lines humming again because if you want to get the  better tariff treatment under the USMCA, car parts and cars have to  have higher content from North America--that means from us. Under  NAFTA, that requirement was 62.5 percent, and under USMCA, it is 75  percent. There is also a new provision where 70 percent of steel that  is used in automobiles has to be North American steel. Both of these  things help to ensure that we have more manufacturing jobs in Ohio and  around the country.   American farmers, as we have heard earlier, are going to gain access  to new markets in Canada and Mexico. That is why Ohio farm groups are  for this. That is why, by the way, nearly 1,000 farm groups from around  the country now--I didn't know there were 1,000 farm groups--have come  out to support this agreement.   Small businesses in Ohio and around the country whose bottom line  relies on these internet sales, internet commerce is going to have much  more access to Canada and Mexico, thanks to these new digital economy  provisions. So it kind of helps across the board.   By the way, these stronger labor standards in Mexico we talked about  are going to help level the playing field in terms of labor because  labor costs are less in Mexico, but it goes even further than that. It  actually requires that 40 to 45 percent of a USMCA vehicle made in  Mexico, or anywhere in North America, must be produced by workers  making at least 16 bucks an hour.   This is kind of revolutionary. It is a different kind of thinking in  a trade agreement. Frankly, it is something you would expect from a  Democratic administration to put into an agreement, but it is in there,  and it is going to help autoworkers in this country.   Because of all of these changes I have discussed--by the way, many of  which, like the higher minimum wage or like the higher domestic  content, have been advocated by Democrats in the past. That has been  their approach to these  [[Page S4843]]  trade agreements, not Republicans so much, but because these provisions  are so good for workers, I must tell you I am surprised--even amazed-- to see so many of my Democratic colleagues not stand up to support this  agreement because it has all of these things they have said they have  wanted over the years, and they certainly don't like NAFTA. Many of  them have campaigned against NAFTA for the past 25 years. In a way, if  you vote against USMCA, you know what you are stuck with--NAFTA. So in  a way, you are voting for NAFTA if you vote against USMCA.   That is the alternative here. It is a binary choice, as they say. It  is either you are for this new agreement that is an improvement or you  go back to the status quo, which is NAFTA.   So it will be interesting to see, but my hope is the media and  others, outside groups, will hold people accountable and say: Why would  you be against an agreement that is better, even if it is not perfect  from your point of view?   By the way, no trade agreement is absolutely perfect. Every one of us  would negotiate something slightly different. It is a question of  trying to make sure you don't make the agreement, which is not perfect,  the enemy of the good, and the good is to go to this new agreement.   There was an outside, independent study done by the International  Trade Commission showing that 176,000 new jobs will be added to the  U.S. economy just from this agreement alone. So this is better.   So the bottom line is, do we continue under the outdated NAFTA or do  we adopt these new USMCA standards that will allow us to compete better  in the global 21st century economy?   A vote against the USMCA, again, is a vote for the status quo,  without enforceable labor and environmental standards, with a  nonexistent digital economy provision, and with rules of origin that  allow more automobiles and auto parts to be manufactured overseas  instead of in America. USMCA addresses and solves all those problems.   I put together a little handy chart to talk about some of these  specific provisions.   USMCA will create 176,000 new jobs. NAFTA? None.   Enforceable labor and environmental standards. USMCA, yes, checkmark,  enforceable. Enforceable under NAFTA? No.   Rules for the internet economy, new rules, again, to help small  businesses, internet economy, checkmark. NAFTA? No.   Seventy percent of the steel in vehicles has to be made in North  America. That is a new provision. It is not in any other trade  agreement, by the way. Yes on USMCA; no on NAFTA.   Finally, 40 to 45 percent of the vehicles must be made by workers  earning at least 16 bucks an hour. NAFTA, no; USMCA, yes.   So it is pretty clear to me, if you actually are honest about this  and you look at it objectively and you say here are these two  opportunities, which way would you go?   So I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle take a look at  this and apply logic and say: It might not be perfect. I might have  wanted a little more here or there, but be sure that you are supporting  what works for your workers.   If we can get this agreement passed, the President will sign it. It  will make a difference for employees, for farmers, workers, service  providers in my home State of Ohio and around the country.   