 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague,  Mr. Graves, for the surprising yielding.   This is a program, and this bill needs to be passed.   My district in central and southwestern Illinois contains numerous  scenic byways, and I am excited that this bill is such a bipartisan  bill, too.  [[Page H1374]]    This bipartisan bill needs to pass because the Department of  Transportation has got to undertake a process to designate the scenic  byways in my district, in Rhode Island, in Louisiana, and throughout  this Nation, designate them under this program. This good fix is a  message of bipartisanship that the President delivered last night on  this floor, and I certainly hope this bill passes.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am honored to be here today.   I recognize the chairperson of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee  and thank her for her support, Ms. Holmes Norton. I appreciate her  support on this issue. As her ranking member on the committee, I look  forward to working with her in a very bipartisan way to make sure that  we put infrastructure first when it comes to the United States of  America, and I congratulate her on her chairmanship.   I thank my colleague who has joined us on the floor, my partner in  getting this bill passed in the last Congress, too, Grace Napolitano.  We kind of sit on both sides of Route 66: I in central Illinois, and  Mrs. Napolitano on the far west side with a lot more ocean air than in  the middle of Illinois in her district near Santa Monica, California.   As you know, Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 66.   I thank the Speaker of the House for giving us this designation of  H.R. 66 because it is very important for the historical context of this  bill that creates the Route 66 Centennial Commission.   I am proud to have Route 66 run right through the middle of my  district. As you know, in 1926, Route 66 became our Nation's first all- paved highway under the U.S. highway system, connecting Chicago,  Illinois, which is about 3 hours north of me. Right through the middle  of the 13th District in Illinois runs this road.   Early on, this road, of course, ended in Santa Monica, California,  but it was used by hundreds of thousands of Americans, as Ms. Norton  said, seeking escape from the Dust Bowl. It provided critical  employment opportunities for road crews and infrastructure investment  during our Great Depression.   During World War II, our highway transported troops, equipment,  supplies to military bases across our country, and it was used after  the war by thousands of troops coming home to see their families.   By the 1950s, Route 66 began to see a rise in tourism and became the  true symbol of American freedom and independence that we know today.   In April of 2017, my colleague from central Illinois, Darin LaHood,  and I went on an extended tour along with numerous State legislators in  Illinois, like my good friend Representative Tim Butler and my State  representative, Avery Bourne, and we toured the stretches of Route 66  that we share.   I had the opportunity to personally witness the economic impact of  the Mother Road throughout my district and throughout Congressman  LaHood's district. It supports many jobs and key economic activity in  many of our smaller rural communities that we are blessed enough to  represent. This keeps many of those communities alive, economically.   Now travelers along Route 66 in my district can see a giant pink  elephant. It is a big statue. You can't miss it  [[Page H1376]]  even when you are traveling on Interstate 55. But what you also can see  there on a Sunday afternoon, because of the tourists and tourism  opportunities along Route 66, the parking lot at the Pink Elephant  Antique Mall and the diner attached to it in the small town of  Livingston, Illinois, is packed. I took my family there to eat lunch  not too long ago, and you could barely find a parking spot on a Sunday  afternoon.   You can also stop in Edwardsville, Illinois, at the Wildey Theatre,  and you can experience the same theater experience that many in the  1950s experienced right in Edwardsville, Illinois. That theater opened  in 1909, and it has been redone.   I got to stop by Jungle Jim's breakfast in Springfield, too. I got  some good food, got some good pancakes; just don't eat too many of  them.   These are just a few of the thousands of local businesses along Route  66, which is why this bill is so important. This is a system of not  just roadways and trail paths.   I want to make sure that we give this route what it deserves in our  Nation's history. That is what this bill will do. That is why I am so  supportive. I am glad to be an original author of this bill.   I thank, again, my colleague, Mrs. Napolitano, and I look forward to  her remarks.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much  time I have remaining.    15\1/2\ minutes. Awesome. Madam  Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, look, we can't say much more about this bill. This is  another true example of bipartisanship. This is what we do together in  this institution to ensure that historical areas like Route 66 that  span this great Nation are given the recognition that they deserve.   This road, from Chicago to Santa Monica, California, that I have yet  to take up--my colleague, Mrs. Napolitano, has offered to drive the  entire distance on Route 66. Maybe we will have to do this during the  100-year anniversary that this bill allows us to plan for.   Let's give Route 66 its due. Let's think of the small-town  communities that rely upon the mother road to survive. Let's continue  to work together, like we are today, to put good bills through the  House to the Senate. And let's get the President to sign them into law.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   