 Mr. Speaker, still I rise, and I rise because I  love my country. I rise because it is Black History Month, and I am  always, during Black History Month, amazed at what Dr. King called to  our attention in his letter from the Birmingham jail. It is one of the  great masterpieces of written word in the history of our country. I  encourage all people to read his letter from the Birmingham jail.   But I think that as important as it is, it is equally as important to  read the letter that Dr. King was responding to, because if you don't  read the letter he is responding to in his letter, then you cannot  totally appreciate the letter from the Birmingham jail.   I am not going to read the letter in its entirety. I will just tell  you a little bit about it. This letter--I hold a copy of it in my  hand--was signed by eight of the leading citizens in the area, members  of the clergy, all. These leading citizens were admonishing persons to  proceed with caution.  [[Page H1528]]    Dr. King reminds us, however, that the time is always right to do  what is right.    They said in their letter, ``But we are convinced that these  demonstrations are unwise and untimely.'' The time is always right to  do what is right.   And I would also add--this is not in Dr. King's retort, but that we  should not allow political expediency to trump the moral imperative to  do what is right. The time is always right to do what is right.   People are saying today: We should wait. We don't have to move now.  Let's wait. Let's let something else happen before we take any  position.   They go on to say in their letter, ``We agree rather with certain  local Negro leadership, which has called for honest and open  negotiation of racial issues in our area.'' To the many who say, let's  have a dialogue, let's have a discussion about the race question; we  need to talk about the race question.   I say to my dear brothers and sisters, dear friends, and dear  Members, this was written April 12, 1963. We have been talking about  the race question long before this and since this. The time is always  right to do that which is right.   Dr. King reminded us that injustice anywhere is a threat to justice  everywhere. He said that in his letter. That means that if we allow  injustice to exist in the White House as it relates to bigotry, and  xenophobia, and homophobia, and Islamophobia, if we allow it to exist  in the White House, I say to my dear brothers and sisters, it is a  threat to every house in this country. Injustice anywhere is still a  threat to justice everywhere.   So I happen to be one who is willing to accept all of the criticisms,  and all of the slings and arrows. Send them my way. I will do what is  right.   The Constitution allows it, in fact, my constituents demand it. It is  time for us to take the issue up again. It is going to happen, I say to  my dear brothers and sisters. I believe that we cannot allow bigotry  and policy emanating from the Presidency to go unchecked.   So I can only say to you, impeachment is the solution, and the place  for that solution to be properly addressed is the United States House  of Representatives. Right here in this well. Impeachment is not dead.   