 Madam President, I join my colleagues in expressing our  genuine affection for Johnny Isakson. This is surely a sad day as  Senator Isakson is leaving us as a member of the U.S. Senate.   But frankly, his retirement from the Senate has given us an  opportunity to recognize how fortunate each one of us is to be a Member  of the U.S. Senate and that we can get things done if we follow Senator  Isakson's recommendations and model to work together to find common  ground.  [[Page S6812]]    One other thing that I will always remember about Senator Isakson is  that he has taught us that the Senate family really is family and you  can form genuine friendships in the U.S. Senate and it makes no  difference your party affiliation in forming those friendships.   I first got to know Senator Isakson when he was Congressman Isakson.  We were both serving in the House of Representatives. The House is a  much larger body, and we did not have the opportunity during those  years we served together in the House to get to know each another in a  personal manner. But when I was elected to the U.S. Senate in January  of 2007, it was Senator Isakson and Dianne that reached out to Myrna  and me to welcome us to the Senate family.   It was not a one-time, let's get to know each other and try to  understand each other. We come from different backgrounds and different  States. We have different religions. But he and Dianne, Myrna and I,  really wanted to try to understand each other.   You heard Senator Isakson talk about finding common ground. Well, you  cannot find common ground if you do not know the other person you are  talking with. And Senator Isakson has lived by example to develop that  type of genuine friendship with his colleagues, so that we can really  understand what our priorities are and how we can find that common  ground to get things done.   So we have enjoyed a professional relationship, but it has been a  true friendship. And as Senator Isakson has said, the way to get things  done is through understanding what bipartisanship is about.  Bipartisanship works, as Senator Isakson has said many times, to find  common ground. And Senator Isakson has lived by that example throughout  his whole life.   You have heard he is the only Georgian to have served in the State  House, the State Senate, the U.S. House of Representatives from  Georgia, and the U.S. Senate from Georgia, so he has been the whole  legislative route in the State of Georgia.   But by using that approach of getting to know each of us and spending  the time to become friends and finding out what our priorities are all  about and be able to find common ground, he has been able to accomplish  an incredible record of success for the people of Georgia and our  Nation.   Let me give some examples. You have heard many of them, but I am  going to talk a little bit from a personal point of view. Yes, I had  the distinction of serving on the Ethics Committee for a short period  of time on one case, and I got to see Senator Isakson at work and how  he defended the integrity of this institution.   As I was listening to his leadership during that deliberation, I had  no idea what party he belonged to in the way that he conducted that  investigation. It was done with one thing in mind: to protect the  integrity of the institution and to find common ground in order to  serve the institution right. He has a deep respect for the U.S. Senate,  he has a deep respect for the legislative branch of government, and he  has demonstrated that, over and over again, by his leadership.   You have heard about his experiences as chairman of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee. Well, I had the opportunity to travel with Senator  Isakson to Normandy to celebrate the 75th anniversary of D-Day, and I  must tell you the emotion of that moment as I saw Senator Isakson  interact with our veterans and saw that genuine way that he connected  to those who have served our Nation.   You see, his presence was important, his words were important, but he  has also shown his appreciation through the deeds of what he has been  able to get accomplished. It has been pointed out that the Veterans'  Affairs Committee under Senator Isakson's leadership has produced  numerous bipartisan bills to help our servicepeople.   We can mention maybe the one that I am most proud that we were able  to get done is dealing with the healthcare issues because the  healthcare issues were not fair to our veterans. Senator Isakson was  able to find common ground in a very difficult environment so that we  could pass the appropriate legislation, so that the members of the  armed services could get the healthcare and our veterans could get the  healthcare that they so richly deserve.   I have had the chance to work with Senator Isakson on the Senate  Finance Committee. We have worked together to protect pensions for  workers, an area that is very important to all of us. And we helped  first-time home buyers. I must tell you, Senator Isakson's experience  as a realtor helped us get through that issue as to how we could help a  recovery at the time that the economy was not doing well.   You see, Senator Isakson had taken his experiences as a successful  independent real estate leader, president of the largest company in the  southeast, to his responsibilities here in the U.S. Senate, taking that  business common sense of what works in the community to what can work  here in the U.S. Senate.   We have worked together on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.  You have heard the examples of what we have been able to do in boosting  trade and development in Africa--the Global Food Security Act, which  helps starving people around the world. Very few, if any, will ever  know Senator Isakson's name. Millions have been helped, thanks to the  leadership of this incredible U.S. Senator. And you heard the personal  example of the Peace Corps, how he went not only the extra mile, but  the extra tens of thousands of miles to bring safety to those who  volunteer in the Peace Corps.   You have heard Senator Alexander and Senator Murray talk about the  Health Committee and work he has done on education and health. I  particularly appreciate the work on the Workforce Innovation and  Opportunity Act, a critically important bill that, again, has Senator  Isakson's motto throughout.   He has been a champion for the people of Georgia and the United  States. I particularly appreciated Senator Isakson's reference to  Congressman   John Lewis who was on the floor during Senator Isakson's  speech. Congressman Lewis and I came to the U.S. Congress the same  year; we were both elected to Congress in 1987. We have been friends  ever since.   Senator Isakson is correct that Congressman Lewis is an icon of civil  rights. He says what he believes, and he calls it the way it is. He is  not going to change. That is who Senator Isakson is as a person. And as    John Lewis said about Senator Isakson, ``He did not just talk the  talk, he literally walked the walk.''   Over and over again, Senator Isakson has been in the forefront in the  civil rights for all Americans.   So to my friend--and I mean a true friend--we will miss you in the  U.S. Senate. It is a sad day because we know we will not have the  benefit of your wisdom as a Member of the U.S. Senate, but all of us  are better off because of being given the opportunity to serve with you  in the U.S. Senate.   You said in your comments that you want to come back to ring the bell  when we work together to promote the values that made the U.S. Senate  the greatest deliberative body in the world. Well, I am going to tell  you, I believe we will reach that day sooner because of what Senator  Isakson has done and the example he has set for all of us. I look  forward to ringing that bell with my friend.   With that, I yield floor.   