 Madam President, I appreciate the majority leader's  bringing the Green New Deal to a vote today so that every Senator had  an opportunity to go on record. I voted no.   Some of my Democratic colleagues may argue that a vote against the  Green New Deal demonstrates an unwillingness to reduce our dependence  on fossil fuels and to tackle serious environmental issues of the day,  but nothing could be further from the truth.   Contrary to popular belief, the United States is not a bad actor on  the world stage. The United States has reduced its carbon emissions by  758 million metric tons per year since 2005. This is the largest  decline of any country in the world.   Meanwhile, China's and India's carbon emissions have grown. According  to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, U.S. consumption of  biofuels and other renewable energy has more than doubled from 2000 to  2017. The United States will only continue to increase renewable energy  consumption through 2050 as we see more investment in wind, solar,  biomass, geothermal, and other alternative energies.   Let's be very clear. A ``no'' vote on the Green New Deal is a vote  against a government takeover of our economy that would stifle economic  growth, bankrupt our Nation, and endanger the prosperity of all  Americans. A ``no'' vote is a vote in favor of continuing an open and  free economy that has made America the richest country in the world. We  find that the best way to make environmental improvements is to use the  wealth of a nation to accomplish that goal, and as a nation becomes  more wealthy, the more apt it is to have the ability to protect the  environment.   The fact is that the Green New Deal is wholly unrealistic in its goal  of obtaining net-zero carbon emissions within 10 years. We are not  going to be successful at reducing our dependence on fossil fuels and  lowering our carbon emissions through virtue signaling. That is all the  Green New Deal boils down to--virtue signaling. It is all lofty goals  and aspirations with no concrete plan or concern as to its feasibility.   It is easy to support a vaguely worded, nonbinding resolution calling  on the Federal Government to accomplish certain goals, but guess what.  That is us--we, in the Congress. Congress is part of the Federal  Government with the responsibility under our Constitution to write the  laws. If Members of Congress have concrete ideas about what the Federal  Government should be doing, they should introduce real legislation  detailing who should do what to accomplish these goals.   Instead of a ``green dream,'' as Speaker Pelosi called the Green New  [[Page S1974]]  Deal, we need to focus on commonsense, bipartisan approaches that have  an actual shot at making a difference. In other words, a resolution is  a resolution; it is not a law. It doesn't accomplish anything. It  states these goals that we ought to seek, but nobody has come forth  with a concrete plan to accomplish those goals.   Cutting taxes is an effective way to encourage positive,  environmentally conscious ways to produce electricity and fuel. This is  what I have sought to do as a leader on renewable and alternative  energy production for decades now. I was the original author of the  production tax credit for wind energy in 1992. It won me an award as  the father of wind energy, and now, I suppose, 25 years later, I am the  grandfather of the wind energy approach.   During my leadership on the Senate Finance Committee during the early  2000s, I oversaw the establishment, enhancement, and renewal of  numerous tax incentives that promote clean energy from sources such as  wind and solar to renewable fuels like biodiesel, to energy efficient  buildings, homes, and appliances.   Unlike the aspirational goals of the Green New Deal, these proposals  I have been a part of are real, proven, bipartisan actions that I  helped shepherd into law to make the United States more energy  independent and, at the same time, improve our environment.   Renewable energy is a very smart investment and the fastest growing  source of electricity generation in our country. According to the U.S.  Energy Information Administration, utility-scale solar power is  expected to increase by 10 percent in 2019--that is in 1 year alone-- while wind power is expected to surpass hydropower for the first time.  As prices continue to fall, the economic benefits from these clean  energy investments will obviously increase.   Already, Iowa leads the Nation for its share of renewable energy.  Iowa's wind generates nearly 37 percent of the State's electricity from  wind, and the State's largest utility in America is set to generate 100  percent of its electricity within just a few years. Iowa ranks first in  the Nation in the production of ethanol and biodiesel. Iowa alone  accounted for over 26 percent of the entire U.S. ethanol production and  over 17 percent of the U.S. biodiesel production.   The solar industry in Iowa continues to mature and ranks 17th  nationally. The bottom line is that renewable energy helps diversify  Iowa's economy. It creates jobs in rural America and strengthens U.S.  energy independence. As far as the jobs are concerned, I believe there  are about 7,000 just for wind energy and 43,000 for biofuels.   Instead of trying to build on these and other proven policies, the  authors of the Green New Deal are more concerned with trying to correct  all the ills they see in the U.S. economic system and even our broader  society.   So it is not just about environment. Here is a list of the grievances  they want to attack in the name of an environmentally sustainable  economy: life expectancy, wage stagnation, economic mobility, income  inequality, systemic injustices, the oppression of indigenous people,  the unhoused, and the list goes on and on and on. Just in case I might  be taken as a person who doesn't care about all of those things I just  listed--in other words, don't get me wrong; these are important issues  that deserve our attention as a nation, but it is simply not realistic  to believe that they can all be solved through a plan that targets  environmental sustainability.   Of course, since no crisis should be allowed to go to waste, every  aspect of the progressive agenda must be implemented to fend off the  threat of climate change. According to an analysis by the American  Action Forum, a portion of the so-called Green New Deal plan focuses on  eliminating carbon emissions. That program, by itself, would cost  between $8.3 and $12.3 trillion. Of course, that is assuming it is  followed up with actual legislation that attempts to implement the  goals it lays out, and I have pointed out that all of that legislation  is not being brought forward.   Those figures account for only a fraction of the Green New Deal's  cost. The portion of the progressive economic agenda that includes  enacting universal healthcare, free college tuition, a Federal jobs  guarantee program, and much more is estimated to cost somewhere between  $43 and $81 trillion. So that would put the total cost of the Green New  Deal at somewhere between $51 and $93 trillion over the first 10 years.   Now, $93 trillion--that is kind of hard to imagine. Can you imagine  that? That is more money than the U.S. Government has spent in its  entire 230-year history. How would we even go about paying for it?    Several Democrats have floated ideas or introduced bills that have  gone along the lines of taxing the wealthy. That, I assume, may make up  some of their possibilities. Earlier this year, the House author of the  Green New Deal suggested imposing tax rates of 70 percent or more on  earnings over $10 million. Here in the Senate, Senator Warren has  proposed an annual wealth tax of 2 percent on assets of $50 million and  3 percent on assets of over $1 billion. Not to be outdone, Senator  Sanders has introduced legislation to supercharge the death tax with  rates as high as 77 percent of estates exceeding $1 billion. More  recently, Representative DeFazio reintroduced his proposal to tax  securities transactions.   Think about this. Even if we assume that these proposals would not  have detrimental economic or behavioral effects--and we all know they  would--these taxes would not come anywhere close to covering the price  tag of the Green New Deal. The Washington Post reported that a 70- percent tax rate on incomes over $10 million could theoretically raise  $720 billion over 10 years. Senator Warren's own estimates suggest her  annual wealth tax proposal could raise as much as $2.75 trillion in a  decade. According to Senator Sanders, his death tax proposal would  raise $315 billion over a decade. Congressman DeFazio's transaction tax  is estimated to bring in $777 billion. So adding up all that, even  under the rosiest assumptions, these Senators' proposals combined would  only cover between 5 and 10 percent of the Green New Deal's cost.   The fact is, there are not enough millionaires and billionaires in  the United States to cover the price tag, so eventually they start  taxing the middle class. These socialist ideas remind me of former  United Kingdom Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's wise observation that  ``the trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other  people's money.''   Many of the Green New Deal backers appear to realize this and have  even suggested that offsetting its cost is unnecessary. According to  these authors of the Green New Deal, it can be paid for simply by  printing more money. Yes, you heard me right--printing more money.  Their solution is the same as what has been tried by every bankrupt  third world country around the world--just crank up the printing  presses.   The poster child for this fantasy in the world today, at least, is  Venezuela, a country rich with great economic vitality in the 1970s-- probably even earlier than the 1970s--but that economy has been driven  into the ground by socialist policies, financed in large measure by  churning out currency, leading to multimillion percent inflation rates.   Now that Senators have had an opportunity to go on record in support  or opposition to the resolution, I hope the nonsense that is the Green  New Deal will be put to rest. Hopefully, we can all now rally around  sensible, proven policy to secure our energy independence and to  improve the environment. From my point of view, that is the United  States continuing on the success we have already had but standing as an  example for China, India, Indonesia, Brazil, and other countries.   Affordable, clean energy is key to moving the United States forward.  A good starting point would be to enact tax extenders legislation that  I introduced last month with Ranking Member Wyden. This legislation  would extend nearly a dozen separate practical and proven incentives  for renewable energy and energy efficiency. Investing in alternative  forms of clean energy is good for the environment, good for national  security and energy independence, and good for job creation,  particularly in rural America. It is good for economic development and  surely good for the taxpayers, and it is obviously good for attacking  climate change.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S1975]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   