 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, the Trump administration has proposed to abolish the  Office of Personnel Management altogether and give the White House  control of governmentwide Federal employee policies.   My simple amendment would prohibit that proposed reorganization from  being implemented because, as my subcommittee has uncovered, this  proposal lacks merit, justification, or even a coherent rationale. That  is the opinion of the Government Accountability Office, not just me.   The GAO has testified that OPM's leaders ``have not established  outcome-oriented goals, developed a cost-benefit analysis or  implementation plans, and have not fully involved or communicated their  efforts with the Congress, employees, and other key stakeholders.''   Both Republicans and Democrats on our subcommittee expressed deep  skepticism about the so-called plan.   My Republican counterpart in the Senate, Senator James Lankford,  said, ``It's hard to get to a determination of how this makes things  better.''   I couldn't agree more. OPM's 5,500 employees run programs that serve  our Federal Government's 2.7 million active employees.   OPM administers, for example, the largest employer-sponsored health  insurance program in the world and processes the world's largest  retirement  [[Page H5552]]  program for 2.5 million Federal retirees and their survivors.   It provides human services consulting and regulates the  implementation of laws essential to our Nation's merit-based civil  service, including the Hatch Act, which prohibits Federal employees  from using Federal resources for political and campaign purposes.   It also provides dental, vision, and medical insurance to 8 million  Federal employees and their families.   In short, OPM is the agency that serves the people who serve the  American people.   On May 21, our subcommittee held a hearing that eviscerated the  administration's plan to eliminate OPM. I told Acting Director Weichert  at that time that the plan was dead on arrival as submitted and that  she needed to start over to find a way to work together on a bipartisan  basis to rebuild OPM the right way. She said she would, and I took her  at her word. Despite these clear messages and continued oversight, Ms.  Weichert failed to live up to her end of the agreement.   Recently, OPM officials announced their intention to lay off or  possibly furlough 150 employees because they could not afford to keep  them on the payroll, they claimed. That threat was made in spite of the  proposed appropriations levels, which are above what would be needed to  fill any budget gap.   The administration's inadequate plan to dismantle OPM has been a  disaster. After realizing that it cannot prevail on the merits, the  administration is now resorting to blackmail.   On June 27, our subcommittee held another hearing to question OPM  officials on the lack of documents provided to Congress about the plan  to eliminate OPM. At that hearing, OPM admitted they have failed to  determine whether actions they are already taking to eliminate OPM are  even legal. They could not provide the underlying legal guidance  justifying their action.   The language in this simple amendment largely mirrors language  already included in the Financial Services and General Government  Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020 already passed by the House  last month.   We have not seen anything, unfortunately, from the administration to  convince us that any part of this plan is a good idea and would make  our Federal Government more effective and efficient. In fact, GAO has  said that the administration's proposal could further hinder the  Federal retirement backlog by creating additional uncertainty. That  could make it difficult for OPM to plan large-scale changes in its  operations.   The Acting Director of OPM and the Deputy Director for Management of  OMB was reported as saying that the administration plans ``to play  chicken with Congress'' to effectuate its proposal to eliminate OPM.   We must pass this amendment, as we did on the appropriations bill, to  send a clear message that threatening Congress is not the way to do  business, whether it is with a Republican administration or a  Democratic administration.   I urge my colleagues to work with us to ensure that Federal employees  are treated with respect and are protected through the OPM process.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire of the Chair how much time  is remaining on both sides.    Madam Chair, I am prepared to allow my friend to close,  and then I will close. I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I am sad my good friend, who I know  shares my concerns, feels the need to oppose an amendment that is  designed to prevent a very bad thing from happening that has no  rationale, has no supporting documentation, and has threatened Congress  with extortion. We will RIF 150 people if you don't do what we want-- even though you don't quite know what we want--by October 1. No one in  this body should tolerate that. This amendment needs to pass, as it did  in the appropriations bill.   I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chairwoman, this amendment is simple, bipartisan, and has the  support of leading domestic violence prevention advocates and veteran  service organizations.   First of all, I want to thank my friend and colleague from New York,  a Republican, Mr. Peter King, for cosponsoring this amendment. Peter is  a veteran and a respected voice in national security issues in the  House, and his support is appreciated immensely.   Our amendment does two things: First, it codifies existing Department  of Defense policy which requires DOD to report to the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System servicemembers who are prohibited from  purchasing firearms pursuant to current law.   Again, this provision of the amendment merely codifies existing DOD  policy as outlined in the instruction 6400.06 and places no new legal  restrictions on access to firearms.   This provision is responsive to the DOD inspector general's report,  ``Evaluation of Military Services' Law Enforcement Responses to  Domestic Violence Incidents'' within the military.   In that report, the IG found that the DOD has failed consistently to  report domestic violence convictions within DOD that would have  disqualified a servicemember from purchasing a firearm.   One of the domestic abuses that DOD failed to report to the FBI was  Devin Kelley, who entered a house of worship in Sutherland Springs,  Texas, in November of 2017, and killed 27 people with guns he should  have been prohibited from purchasing under current law.   According to the IG, of the 219 domestic violence cases examined at  eight military installations, 201 were found not to comply with at  least one of the Defense Department's policies for reporting domestic  violence.   In other words, more than 90 percent of the cases were not properly  reported. And in four of five cases, 86 percent were not properly  reported to the FBI or the NICS. That is a problem because we know NICS  works.   According to the FBI, from November 30, 1998, through December 31 of  2018, 206,080 gun purchases were denied based on convictions of  domestic violence or protective orders based on domestic violence.   Codifying this reporting requirement gives it more teeth and helps  Congress in its oversight of these important public safety measures  that protect all of our military and their families.   The second part of the amendment would task DOD with studying the  feasibility of creating a database of military protective orders issued  in response to domestic violence and reporting such MPOs to NICS or  establishing a process by which military judges could issue protective  orders in response to domestic violence.   This provision is responsive to the inspector general's report on the  investigation of the United States Air Force's failure to submit Devin  Kelley's criminal history information to the FBI.   Under current law, a military protective order issued in response to  a domestic violence incident does not prohibit an individual from  purchasing a firearm. However, a comparable civilian protective order  would.   The IG recommended that the Secretary of Defense consider pursuing  legislation amending the Gun Control Act to specifically include  military protective orders.   The Senate-passed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year  2019 included a provision which would have mandated that DOD create a  mechanism by which military judges could issue protective orders that  would trigger prohibitions on firearm purchases in a Republican Senate.   We are sensitive to the concerns about due process and mandates  regarding this matter. That is why we have adopted a middle ground that  requires DOD to study the feasibility of complying with the IG  recommendations and MPOs and the Gun Control Act, as well as to study  the feasibility of establishing a system that the Senate NDAA would  have established.   According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, 30 percent of female  veterans reported having been a victim of domestic violence within  their adult life, and 22 percent say the abuse occurred while on Active  Duty. According to the DOD, in more than 30 percent of domestic  violence cases--1,100 out of 3,000--where the victim is a member of the  military, their spouse is also a member of the military. This amendment  is not about protecting civilians only, but about protecting those in  uniform especially.   In closing, I want to thank all of the organizations that have  endorsed this bipartisan amendment including: the National Coalition  Against Domestic Violence, Futures Without Violence, Domestic Violence  Legal Empowerment and Appeals Project, Service Women's Action Network,  and Protect Our Defenders.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the Merit Systems Protection Board is a  small but mighty independent federal agency created by Congress to  protect the merit system principles and to promote an effective federal  workforce free of prohibited personnel practices.   Typically, the Board is led by three presidentially-appointed and  Senate confirmed members. However, the term for the last remaining  Board member expired on March 1, 2018. That board member already  extended his term in a holdover capacity, but was limited by statute to  one year extension, meaning the Board has been without even a single  Board member since March 2019.   The Office of Special Counsel refers cases to the Board when it  suspects a federal agency has performed an unfair or adverse action  against a federal employee.   The Board can then temporarily table the agency action while  adjudicating the employee's claim.   However, the Board can only table the action or adjudicate it if it  has a quorum--or two members. As the Board currently sits, there are no  confirmed members, and the Board has been without a quorum since  January 7, 2017.   This means that the Board cannot perform any of these actions to  protect federal workers from agency actions that OSC deems suspect.   This Amendment would provide urgent, temporary relief to  whistleblowers while the Board waits for at least one appointee.   My amendment would delegate temporary authority to the Board's  general counsel to stay questionable personnel actions brought by  agencies against whistleblowers. Under this provision, the Board could  still act on egregious cases of suspected retaliation, even without any  board members.   The general counsel's authority would expire when a single Board  member is confirmed by the Senate.   This amendment is absolutely necessary to protect federal workers.  And, needing this amendment was completely avoidable. Whistleblowers  shouldn't be held hostage by the failures of the political system.   This amendment would at a minimum keep the lights on for the Board.  The general counsel would be authorized to prevent an agency from  taking a retaliatory or prohibited personnel action against those who  disclose wrongdoing.   I held a hearing in February of this year to examine the effects on  the Board because of the vacancies of two Board members and the  potential ramifications if the final member left his post in March.   This hearing followed my attempt to save the Board from going without  leadership when the final Board member's term expired.   With Chairman Cummings, I introduced legislation to prevent the Board  from having no members. H.R. 1235, the MSPB Temporary Term Extension  Act, would have provided a one-time, one-year extension to the final  Board member's term. This measure passed the House, but the Senate  refused to take it up.   As a result, in June, I introduced H.R. 2530 to amend Title 5 to give  the general counsel temporary stay authority, which the Committee on  Oversight and Reform voice voted out of Committee.   It is imperative that we preserve the importance and integrity of  this vital Board. Passing this amendment means that the Board will be  able to resume its work protecting whistleblowers more quickly.   There is a lot at stake. The status quo is untenable.   Federal employees deserve to have their appeals heard by the Board,  and employees of the Board deserve to work at a fully functioning  agency.   Whistleblowers help hold leaders accountable, and we owe it to them  to protect them from retaliation.   Addressing this problem should be a bipartisan concern.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of this en bloc  package of amendments to H.R. 2500, which includes my simple amendment  that would require a report to Congress on those who have received  security training from the United States and subsequently been  sanctioned for human rights violations or terrorist activities.   Security cooperation programs are a critical tool of U.S. foreign  policy, especially as we increasingly rely on partner forces to protect  U.S. national security interests.   It is vital that we both thoroughly vet participants in our security  cooperation programs, and ensure accountability after such training has  been delivered.   If recipients of U.S. security training go on to commit gross  violations of human rights or acts of terrorism, then we need to know  about it.   My amendment would require the Secretaries of State and Defense to  submit to Congress a report on each individual and security force unit  that has received U.S. security training and been designated by the  United States for human rights violations or terrorist activities at  any point during the previous ten years.   This reflection would yield key information helping us to ensure that  U.S. security training programs are aligned with American values and  that we are applying consistent standards regarding human rights.   That is why I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to this bill  and enhance Congress' ability to provide oversight and accountability  of U.S. security cooperation programs.   