 Mr. Speaker, I would like to join my colleague from North  Carolina in congratulating the gentlewoman from California on passing  her first bill. I now know what that broad smile was about when the  ``yeas'' were announced.   Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government's duty to serve the public  interest relies on transparency and accountability to its citizens;  however, since the 1970s, Federal agencies have increasingly chosen to  avoid a public trial and settle litigation behind closed doors. The  resulting consent decrees and settlement agreements can mandate terms  beyond the scope of the original violation of Federal law and can lead  to higher costs than a trial.   These agreements are nearly impossible to modify or vacate, and in  many cases can remain in place for decades. In one instance in New York  City, their special education program has been under a consent decree  since 1972.   This process has influenced a range of public policies across  governmental programs in States, counties, and cities, with elected  officials inheriting the burden with little knowledge of the mandates  or cost.  [[Page H1502]]    In Alabama, for instance, when former Member of Congress Governor Bob  Riley was elected Governor of Alabama, he was going over the budget and  saw the amount for legal fees and asked what it was for. He was  informed of the number of consent decrees that the State was under and  they were paying out these legal fees, and it was an enormous amount.   States, municipalities, industry, stakeholders, and taxpayers are  often directly affected by the terms of the agreements but are  prevented from participating in the negotiations. In some cases, the  settlements are declared to be confidential and the contents sealed,  without providing any explanation.   Unfortunately, there is no uniform standard for recordkeeping across  Federal agencies. While some agencies have issued directives to  streamline and publish this information, most of the public's access to  Federal settlement agreement information is primarily issued, as my  colleague from North Carolina pointed out, in the form of a press  release. It is, therefore, impossible for the public to determine the  comprehensive costs and outcomes of these settlement agreements.   This lack of transparency leaves elected officials, agency officials,  and the public in the dark about the consent decrees that can impact  them. Oftentimes, newly elected officials, as I said, from Governors to  attorneys general to mayors are sworn in and inherit substantial legal  obligations they were completely unaware of before they took office.   The Settlement Agreement Information Database Act will address this  problem. The bill establishes a centralized and electronic database of  settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies. Basic  information about the settlement agreements already collected by  Federal agencies, such as payments and dates, will be available to the  public online through this database.   H.R. 995 provides long overdue transparency and accountability and  standards to the Federal settlement agreements.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Meadows) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Hill), for their  support on this bill, and I urge my other colleagues to support this  bill as well.   