 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this  legislation.   This bill shows that, despite our disagreements, when we work through  our differences to find common ground, we can break the gridlock.   I thank, by the way, Chairman Price for his leadership and his  partnership. We have worked together now for over 4 years, and I have  gained a special appreciation for his dedication to public service and,  frankly, for his deep understanding of the programs under our  jurisdiction. I look forward to continue working with him and continue  developing our friendship.   I would like to say a quick word about Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking  Member Granger and the role that they have played in pulling this  funding bill together. I have had the privilege, Mr. Speaker, of  knowing these two leaders for a number of years now. What all of us saw  them achieve in just the last few days is no surprise to any of us in  this body who know them well. They only achieved this through hard  work, tough compromise, and grit, and they deserve our thanks.   Mr. Speaker, let me turn a minute to the transportation and housing  investments included in this bill. This bill doubles down our  infrastructure investments from the 2018 T-HUD bill. Frankly, again, it  is a second historic downpayment to rebuild our Nation.  [[Page H2019]]    With this bill, we provide a total of $20 billion in new funding over  2 years for roads, for bridges, for rails, and for ports. That is a big  number. As I said before, the T-HUD bill is the infrastructure bill and  maybe the only one that we will get a chance to vote on.   This bill will create jobs and improve the quality of life for  countless Americans.   I am also particularly proud that this bill makes a new investment in  port infrastructure with a focus on seaports at high volume locations.  This port program, coupled with other transportation investments in the  bill, will create opportunities for American manufacturers and  exporters.   Mr. Speaker, I am also proud of the housing portion of this bill.  This meets our commitments to help the most vulnerable among us with  decent, affordable housing.   This is a good bill, Mr. Speaker, particularly if you care about our  veterans, our disabled, and our elderly.    This bill also includes funding to rebuild urban,  suburban, and rural communities with block grant funding that goes  directly to the local decisionmakers and to the local communities.   Again, this is a good bill, Mr. Speaker. I thank, again, the leaders  for putting this together.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on what I believe is a bill that  will create jobs, rebuild our communities, secure our future, and, yes,  stop the gridlock.   