 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today because I  missed an important occasion in the Senate. We had a celebration  recently of one of our more beloved Members, Senator Johnny Isakson of  Georgia.   There wasn't much that could keep me away from that, but there was no  Senator going to Madrid to the conference of the parties to consider  the Paris Climate Agreement. Speaker Pelosi asked me to come on her  House delegation so that it was bicameral. As I think most people in  this body know, I am pretty animated on that subject and couldn't say  no. There are not many other things that could have kept me away.   I want to come now and make up a little bit for being absent that day  and express my gratitude for Johnny's friendship to me over the years.  I had the pleasure of going with him to the D-day anniversary on a  codel that he led with his usual graciousness and patriotism. He was  kind enough to join quite early on the bipartisan Senate Oceans Caucus  I started and has been a very helpful part of that endeavor.   We have worked together on ways to improve healthcare planning for  people who are in the late stage of illness to make sure that they get  the care that they want and don't get a lot of care that they don't  want and so that they have a chance to have their dignity and desire to  be at home respected.   We have long been adherent of a biennial budget, and I am delighted  that the bipartisan bill that Senator Enzi and I have put together will  create a biennial budget. I am not sure we will be able to get that  done before Senator Isakson leaves, but one way or the other, his  interest in biennial budgeting will live on, I hope, successfully when  we pass that.   We had a parity question about children's mental health hospitals  that weren't getting counted and, therefore, weren't getting access to  funding for the medical interns who come, and Johnny helped me fix  that. It helped, I am sure, hospitals in Georgia, but it was  particularly helpful to me for our Children's Hospital in Rhode Island.   We have a lot of Rhode Islanders who were killed in the Lebanon  Marine barracks bombing, and there has been litigation against Iran for  its responsibility for those deaths. It is not easy to collect a  judgment on a foreign government, and Johnny has been very helpful to  me in our joint efforts on Iran terror victims' judgments, helping us  let the lawyers collect against assets of the Government of Iran.   Then, we regularly have done National Mentoring Month resolutions  together.   But for all the things we have done together, that is not what I am  going to miss about Senator Johnny Isakson. He is just one of the most  decent, kind, good people who I have come across anywhere in my life  and, certainly, one of the most decent and kind Members of the Senate.   With my very sincere apologies, Johnny, for missing the correct day,  I hope you will understand how much it mattered to me to be elsewhere  and why I had to be there. I come to the floor now, belatedly, to wish  you all my very best with great affection and great respect.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  on the soon-to-be-pending nomination be called up.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   