 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 748, the  Middle-Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act. This important, bi- partisan legislation will finally repeal, once and for all, the excise  tax on employer and labor union sponsored health plans, also known as  the ``Cadillac Plan Tax.'' This fix is long overdue.   This egregious tax, if allowed to take effect, would have hit the  health insurance that 181 million working Americans and many union  members and their families rely on. It would have likely resulted in  increased costs, and ultimately lesser access to health care, thereby  defeating the purpose for passing the A.C.A. in the first place.   This was one of the reasons why I voted against the final compromise  version of the A.C.A. in 2010: because while the Cadillac Tax was not  in the House-passed bill, the Senate added it into the legislation that  came back to the House. I believed then, and still do now, that  imposing a 40 percent tax on health insurance for union workers would  hurt hard-working American families--the very people who sent us here  to make their lives better.   Madam Speaker, before coming to Congress and before becoming a labor  rights lawyer, I was an ironworker for 18 years. I worked side-by-side  with men and women in the building trades who wanted nothing more than  to work hard and be able to take care of their families. When I was  President of my local union, I was acutely aware of the importance of  the benefits, such as health care, that we would negotiate on behalf of  our members. It is important to remember that generations of union  workers have stood on the picket line or taken less pay in their  paycheck in order to get better health care coverage. The Cadillac Tax  included in the A.C.A. actually sought to punish those workers for  standing up for their families. Imposing this tax would have broken the  good-faith promises made to these hard-working Americans.   I am not alone in recognizing the serious harms of the proposed  excise tax, because  [[Page H5973]]  members of Congress from both sides of the aisle came together to delay  this tax again and again, moving its effective date from 2018 to 2022.  In addition, today's legislation, H.R. 748, has an astounding 369  cosponsors. I think that must be some kind of record. That kind of  bipartisanship has sadly become rarer these days, but this level of  agreement only goes to show that passing this bill is the right thing  to do.   Madam Speaker, this fix for the A.C.A. has been long-needed and I am  pleased that we are finally taking this important step to protecting  health care for hundreds of thousands of hard working, middle-class  Americans. I urge my colleagues to support this common-sense bill.   