 Mr. Chair, I seek the Republican response time.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to start by thanking my  colleague, Mr. Suozzi from New York, as well as our Republican  colleague, Mr. Fitzpatrick, who led the charge on this amendment  process in this amendment before you.   I would also take a moment to thank my co-chair on the Problem  Solvers Caucus, Mr. Gottheimer from New Jersey.   Though we may disagree on the fundamental bill before us, Mr.  Chairman, I am pleased to be able to report to the American people  today that there are still Members here that are looking to find common  ground.   In the amendment before you that has been put forward in this new  mechanism in the Rules Committee to encourage bipartisan debate, we  have found that common ground in regards to the transparency and the  requirements that this amendment calls for in regards to making sure  that, if foreign money is in our election process, we do what we can in  order to root that out and bring sunshine to that issue for all  Americans to see.   I encourage my colleagues on our side of the aisle to support this  amendment because this is that common ground that, even though we may  fundamentally disagree on some of the final conclusions of H.R. 1 and  the issue and the debate that we have already seen on display here  today, this is something that common sense dictates that we come  together for as Democrats and Republicans, working together to find  that common ground to advance the American cause.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Gottheimer), Democratic co-chair of the Problem Solvers  Caucus, in the spirit of bipartisanship and in the effort to find  common ground.    Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds.    Mr. Chair, I have no other speakers and am prepared to  close.   Mr. Chairman, as we wrap up the debate on this amendment, I hope we  have demonstrated that there is common ground to be found in this  Chamber.   I would like to take a moment to thank, again, my colleagues, but  also the Rules Committee, Mr. McGovern and his staff, for working with  us in regards to this new reform of the rules process that will reward  and encourage bipartisan behavior and bipartisan common ground-finding  efforts.   I encourage all Members on both sides of the aisle: Utilize this new  rule path to bring forth ideas that benefit the American people in a  bipartisan way.   At the end of the day, this amendment is something we should all  support for the reasons articulated by my colleagues on the other side  and as articulated, hopefully, by myself today in regards to supporting  this reform that goes at the issue of foreign money in our elections.   Mr. Chair, I encourage our Members to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   