 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to talk about something that is  really important, I think not only to our Nation and our planet but to  me and my family personally.   As cochair and cofounder, along with Senator John Boozman of  Arkansas, of the Senate Recycling Caucus, I am proud to stand side by  side with all the Members of our caucus on the matter of recycling and  its importance.   Today Senator Boozman and I have introduced a resolution to  commemorate tomorrow, November 15, as America Recycles Day. I would say  that every day should be America Recycles Day. For a lot of our  families, that is what it is. I don't have any idea how many millions  or tens of millions of families recycle every day, but it is a lot of  people, and we need even more.   For more than two decades, communities across our country have come  together on November 15, and they do so to observe America Recycles Day  and to celebrate their commitment to recycling.   First, I want to thank all of those who have worked hard to make  America Recycles Day a success for all of these years. I have been a  huge advocate of recycling for the past 50 years. I first recycled, I  think, when I was a lieutenant JG in the Navy stationed in Moffett  Field in California, which is close to Palo Alto. I took my recyclables  to a warehouse there in Palo Alto and have never stopped. I don't go to  the one in Palo Alto anymore, but we recycle all over Delaware.  Frankly, when I go around the country, I recycle. I recycled on the  train this morning, somewhere around Baltimore, coming down from  Wilmington.  [[Page S6598]]    I really welcomed the opportunity to collaborate--I want to say more  than a decade ago--with Senator Olympia Snowe of Maine. Together, we  helped create the Senate Recycling Caucus in 2006. Since the retirement  of Senator Snowe 6 years ago, I have been fortunate enough to have as  my running mate and cochair Senator Boozman of Arkansas.   In this year alone, our caucus has held four briefings to learn more  about the current state of recycling in this country and to discuss  ways in which the Federal Government might play an even more important  role in encouraging additional recycling in the years to come.   The State and local governments are heavily involved in recycling,  and there is a huge role for them--I say this as former Governor--a  huge and important role for State and local governments to be involved  in this, but there are also opportunities for the Federal Government to  play a constructive role. We are doing that, and hopefully we will be  able to do that even better in the days to come.   My sister and I were born in a coal mining town in West Virginia. We  grew up later on in Virginia, where I was a Boy Scout and a Civil Air  Patrol cadet. In scouting, we were taught to ``leave no trace.'' When  we were hunting or fishing, my dad, a big hunter and fisherman, used to  say basically to leave no trace behind so no one would actually know we  were there. I think that admonition is one that has stuck with me  throughout my life.   I believe we have a moral obligation to be devoted stewards of our  environment and our planet and to leave our planet in even better shape  than we found it.   Lately, I have been thinking about another quote. This one I really  like is from Martin Luther King that a lot of people have heard. It  goes something like this: ``Everybody can be great, because anybody can  serve.'' This call to service reminds me of recycling because almost  anyone can help better protect our environment by reducing the waste we  produce, and we can do that, in part, by recycling.   I have a chart here that indicates just some of the things I recycled  of late. This is not a green Ford Explorer. I bought my wife a car-- actually, she bought it years and years ago, probably 15 years ago. We  call it the Ford ``exploder.'' It never exploded. It was a great car.  She used it for 9 or 8 years or so and passed it down to our son,  Christopher. He used it for a couple of years and passed it down to  Ben, who used it for about 3 years. Finally, it just gave up the ghost.  I took it one day to a place where they recycled cars. I drove in. They  put it on a huge machine that actually weighed it. I think of--you  know, you get on a scale to weigh yourself. Well, this was like a scale  for vehicles, including our Ford Explorer. They wrote out a check  literally before I left to actually pay, I think $900, for recycling  the Explorer. People do that every day in Delaware and other places as  well.   We have a waste facility in our State of Delaware, and one of the  things they oversee is recycling. About every month, from spring to the  fall, they hold recycling events. A lot of times they are in school  parking lots, maybe high school parking lots. They do them on  Saturdays.   One Saturday I called ahead, and I asked: Do you guys recycle  dehumidifiers? We had a dehumidifier. It was about 20 years old. It had  been in our basement forever. They said: Yes, we do that--which is  great, and we checked on paints, paint thinners, oil-based paints, and  stuff. They said: We are doing hazardous materials recycling. So I took  several cans of paint thinners.   We had all these outdoor lights from our house over the years that  kind of died out on us, and I didn't know what to do with them. Sure  enough, they took these household lights, as well as all kinds of cords  and everything, paints and stuff.   Every Monday in my neighborhood, we have big canisters outside where  we can recycle all kinds of things. I always had water bottles in there  and other kinds of cans and so forth, newspapers, you name it-- actually, compost too. If you actually add up what we put in our big  recycling bin every Monday for pickup, you look at what we put in our  compost in our backyard, and you compare that to the actual amount of  trash that is picked up at our house on Thursdays, there are many times  more recyclables and compostables than there is actually trash.    We like to do that where I live. Hopefully, we will learn from other  communities and States, and hopefully they will learn from us.   One of the reasons I love recycling so much flows from my belief that  all of us can do our part to preserve limited resources and reduce  landfill input, while at the same time helping our environment and  creating jobs.   Mine is a little State. I tell people, even today, that we are the  49th largest State. That means only Rhode Island is smaller than us. We  are about 100 miles long and 50 miles wide, so recycling is  particularly important. We just doesn't have a lot of space for  landfills. We have about 1 million people, and it is just a matter of  having enough space. That space limitation is actually what prompted  Delaware to pass the Universal Recycling Law in 2010. It requires that  all waste haulers who provide residential trash collection also have to  provide for the collection of recyclables. Think about that. That was  the law we passed about 9 years ago, I think under the leadership of  either Governor Markell or Governor Minner. We started a little bit of  recycling. We started getting serious about it when I was Governor.  They really ramped it up in the last decade, which is wonderful.   Since the law's passage, the First State--that is Delaware, if you  didn't know--has continued to recycle somewhere around 40 percent of  all of our waste, most recently recycling a little bit more than 43  percent in 2017.   I have a friend who, when you ask him how he is doing, he sometimes  replies: Compared to what? Well, compared to more than a decade ago, in  2006, the First State diverted about half as much--23 percent of our  waste from landfills. So we pretty much doubled that over the last 10  years. Hopefully, we will come close to doubling it again in the years  to come.   Today the recycling industry faces unprecedented challenges,  especially with respect to plastics. The United States used to ship a  lot of our recyclables, as you know, to China, but beginning in 2017,  China decided to ban 24 types of what are called scrap imports and  deployed strict contamination requirements for the scraps they will  accept. They didn't want to have glass mixed up with metals, mixed up  with plastic and paper. They are looking to reduce contamination like  that, and they made their rules a whole lot stricter in that regard.   Now, because of the policies China implemented in March of this year,  local governments and municipalities are facing an uphill challenge to  keep their recycling programs alive. According to the EPA, the United  States recycles less than 22 percent of our discarded materials, which  makes me feel better in Delaware because we are like twice the national  average now.   According to a peer-reviewed study published in 2017, more than 90  percent of plastic has never been recycled. Let me say that again.  According to a peer-reviewed study published in 2017--2 years ago--more  than 90 percent of plastic has never been recycled. That means we have  only recycled about 9 percent of our plastic around the world. Of the  8.3 billion metric tons of plastic produced, 6.3 billion tons--that is  about three-fourths of all that is produced--becomes waste. The rest  gets recycled; the lion's share of it does not. Most of it ends up in  landfills, and too much of it, unfortunately, ends up in our oceans and  environment.   I have a couple of our colleagues on the Environment and Public Works  Committee. The Presiding Officer is one of them, and we have Senator  Boozman. The three of us are all members on the committee. I think  Senator Dan Sullivan from Alaska and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse--a  Republican and a Democrat--have been working hard, along with Tom Udall  from New Mexico, who is on the Commerce Committee, to try to address  some of these plastic contaminations.   If we continue down this path, the world economic forum predicts that  we are on track to have plastic pollution in our oceans outweigh the  fish in our world's ocean by 2050. Let that sink in for just a minute.  By 2050, if we continue on the track we are on, we are  [[Page S6599]]  going to end up having more plastic pollution by weight than fish in  our world's oceans. That is not a good thing.   Last time I checked, Delaware is blessed with more five-star beaches  than any other State in America. If we don't begin to change our  recycling habits, the waves that grace our pristine beaches will be  better known for washing up plastic waste than giving surfers those big  waves to ride.   Almost every year I participate in something called Delaware's Annual  Coastal Cleanup, along with thousands of people. We start down at  Fenwick Island--right in the southernmost part of Delaware, a great  beach town, and right north of the Ocean City, MD, line--to clean up  our beaches and our waterfronts, from the Delaware and Maryland line  all the way up almost to Pennsylvania in the north.   While we are still waiting for the numbers from this year, last year,  in 2018, my fellow volunteers and I--thousands of us--together  collected 2.7 tons of waste, including plastic water bottles, straws,  takeout containers, tires, and you name it. This was from just one  weekend of work along 70 miles of coastline.   Sadly, those 2.7 tons of trash collected last year in Delaware pale  in comparison to what we are seeing around the world. Our 2.7 tons of  trash is like the tip of the iceberg, compared to all the rest of this  washing up in places around the world.   I think we might have one more chart. Some of you have also heard of  the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, which now covers a surface area on the  Earth 250 times larger than my whole State of Delaware and contains a  whopping 80,000 tons of trash. Here it is. Can you imagine? Look at all  that trash.   It is out in the Pacific Ocean, and I would like to say that it is  getting smaller. I don't think it is, but it needs to, and we need to  be a part of that in making some progress.   As we celebrate America Recycles Day tomorrow, I just want to  encourage you to join Senator Boozman and join our colleagues and their  constituents and join us in looking for new ways to dramatically  increase recycling in our country and around the world. We need  solutions that are a win-win for our economy on the one hand and for  our environment on the other hand. I believe recycling is one of those  win-win solutions.   By the way, you may be surprised to learn that recycling and  manufacturing industries are beneficial for our economy, accounting for  more than 750,000 jobs and approximately $6.7 billion in tax revenues.  That reminds me of one of my favorite sayings: ``It is possible to do  good and to do well at the same time.'' It is possible to clean up our  planet and make the planet safer and create jobs and economic  opportunities.   It is not a Hobson's choice. It is not one or the other. We can do  both. I believe that if we work hard, we work together, and we work to  leverage points of consensus rather than points of disagreement, we  will continue to make progress. Recycling is something that I think  every American can do to make a difference.   I once read somewhere how many aluminum cans we drink and use and  consume. It could be tea, it could be soda, it could be milk or variety  of waters, but if people just would recycle their aluminum cans, it  would have a terrific effect on, believe it or not, carbon dioxide. It  is put up in the air. So that affects climate change as well.   There are a lot of good effects. Recycling is something that every  American can do to make a difference. I would ask you to start today.  If you have already gotten started, figure out how to do better. On  America Recycles Day, our children and our grandchildren will be glad  that we did it in the years to come.   Again, I am grateful to be here today with my dedicated cochair, my  compadre, Senator Boozman. I thank him for his leadership and for  providing, with our staff, great ideas to make this particular America  Recycles Day an even bigger and better thing than before.    Would the Senator yield for a moment?    Thank you for sharing with us the terrific ideas of what  businesses around Arkansas and the country are doing to recycle. They  do it for a variety of reasons. It is the right thing to do, and a lot  of them are committed to being good environmental stewards. It can also  be to their economic advantage. Instead of having to pay to have stuff  being carted away to a landfill, the ability to recycle materials is, I  think, desirable.   We used to have a big Chrysler plant in Delaware, in Newark, close to  the University of Delaware and close to the Maryland line. The plant  was about 60 years old, and in the middle of the great recession,  Chrysler went into bankruptcy, and we lost that plant. It closed, and  about 3,000 jobs were gone. We had a GM plant as well about 15 miles  from there, just outside of Wilmington, and the same thing happened.  About 3,000 jobs were gone, which was just really, really tough.   Having said that--in your words again, in adversity lies  opportunity--the folks at the University of Delaware called me. After  Chrysler had gone into bankruptcy, they announced that they were  selling the plant. They were looking to sell it, and the folks at the  University of Delaware and the president of the university, Pat Harker,  called me and said: Do you think the Chrysler people might be  interested in selling that plant to the university?   It was just about a half mile south of the University of Delaware in  Newark.   I called the people at Chrysler and said: You may have an interested  buyer here.   They ended up coming to an agreement on the terms of the purchase,  and that old Chrysler plant has been recycled. The plant was largely  taken down--not entirely, but largely taken down. The money that the  University of Delaware earned and generated from the sale of the  recyclables--the construction stuff that the plant was made out of-- more than paid for taking down and leveling the plant.   Now the University of Delaware has a site of several hundred acres,  and they are redeveloping that as a science, technology, and  manufacturing facility with a lot of tenants and more to come. So there  really is opportunity in adversity.   The other thing I would say is that we got some shredding machines. I  had a picture up there of an old shredding machine, and we bought a new  one not long ago. So we ended up with a lot of shredded paper. As it  turns out, the weekly recyclers, when they come through our  neighborhood and collect, they are happy to take the paper, but they  don't want to take the shredded paper. What they said that we ought to  do is to put it in our compost.   My wife came up with this idea of composting 10 years ago. Somebody  was nice enough to build a 4-by-6 and about 3-feet high bin and then  lined it with materials, and we put grass in it, recyclables, leaves,  and we ended up with this great mulch. We have, I think, taken what a  lot of people have seen as waste product and ended up actually turning  it into something to make our lawn and our trees and our shrubs even  healthier.   It is all good. I am just thrilled to be on the floor with my friend  and to be able to thank those who are recycling and remind others, if  you are not, that you are missing out on the fun. Come and join us. You  will be glad you did.    If the gentleman would yield the floor for a moment, I  said earlier in my remarks, to paraphrase it again, that it is possible  to do good and do well at the same time. It really is. I am just happy  that more and more people are doing that.   While we are having this conversation, I just want to mention that  when we showed up at the recycling event at Glascow High School last  Saturday afternoon, they took a bunch of our stuff to recycle--papers,  bottles, cans, paint thinners, a dehumidifier, and all kinds of stuff.  One thing they wouldn't take was our Styrofoam. We have one place in  Delaware--and we are not a big State; 100 miles long and 50 miles  wide--we have one place in Delaware that will take Styrofoam.   What I would love to do in the months to come and in the new year is  for us to start on recycling projects and focus on that because it is  not a problem only in Delaware; there are a lot of places where it is  hard to recycle Styrofoam. We can try to figure it out. Maybe somebody  around the world or somebody in other States has figured this out and  they are doing it. We need to learn from them, find out what works, and  do more of that. In my State, we have a hard time dealing with it.    Mr. President, I think I will yield back the time.   