 Mr. Chairman, Democrats have been marketing H.R. 1 as a  necessary election reform measure, but the ugly truth is that this bill  is not for the people. It is for the Democratic Party.   The ugly truth is that this bill is a massive Federal overreach. The  ugly truth is that this bill won't make our elections safer or more  democratic. The ugly truth is that this bill would fundamentally change  the principles of our election system, all at a cost to the average  American taxpayer.   And this bill would infringe on the rights of our colleges and  universities, where so many students go to learn and grow, outside of  the influence of politics.   Instead of promoting the freedom of ideas, this bill limits the right  to free speech. The ugly truth is this bill violates the U.S.  Constitution, the document which makes our country so great.   Instead of calling this bill the For the People Act, it should be  called the ``Democrat Politician Protection Act.''   This bill is nothing but a top-down power grab to take our election  system, reverse it, and send it completely off course. Beyond that,  this bill contains numerous provisions attempting to weaponize our  institutions of higher learning, where people go to learn.   H.R. 1 forces our colleges and universities to divert resources to  election-related tasks, including provisions for colleges and  universities to automatically register students to vote.   Students could also establish a second residency, which is,  essentially, another way of weakening the voting system and giving  them, potentially, the right to vote not once, but twice. You heard  that right. There are no other people in our country who get to be  registered to vote in two locations. Under H.R. 1, this could be  allowed.   Article I, section 4 of our Constitution gives States the right to  determine their own registration and voting practices, not our Federal  Government.  [[Page H2399]]  This bill blatantly violates our own constitutional rights as well as  the rights of our higher education institutions.    As the Republican leader on the House Education and  Labor, Higher Education and Workforce Investment Committee, we should  be focusing on making colleges more affordable and helping more  students complete their degrees, not subjecting them to electioneering  efforts.   I cannot support a Federal overreach into places where students  should be free to learn without the influence of politics. We must  reject this overreach. We must speak now and stand up against this  power grab before it is too late.   I will be voting against this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do  the same.   