 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his assistance,  for his leadership on this important issue, and for the time.   Mr. Speaker, this debate has been 10 years in the making for Indian  Country. A decade ago, a Supreme Court ruling created unnecessary  confusion in the interpretation and application of the Indian  Reorganization Act of 1934.   This bill, H.R. 375, would clarify the ensuing confusion. Among other  things, it would ensure the IRA applies to all Native American Tribes  recognized by the Federal Government, regardless of their date of  recognition.   For the last 10 years, the unnecessary confusion has caused  uncertainty for Tribes seeking recognition and recognized lands, has  halted economic development projects on Tribal lands, and has resulted  in costly and protracted litigation.   Members and staff on both sides of the aisle deserve significant  recognition for getting us to where we are today. But, in particular,  Chairman Grijalva, Representative McCollum, and Representative Cole  have been extraordinary. I thank them for their incredible leadership  on Tribal issues, and their perseverance in pursuing a clean Carcieri  fix.   I am honored to have the opportunity to speak on this. I urge my  colleagues to support this important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for moving this  critical piece of legislation forward and for shepherding it to the  House floor today.   I thank my colleague and friend, Congressman Keating, for his  advocacy on behalf of the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, which calls both of  our districts home.   Nearly four centuries ago, the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe opened their  homes and their lands to the Pilgrims who sailed to our shores. That  same welcoming spirit survives in their ancestors who live in  Massachusetts today.   That is why I am proud to have the Wampanoag people call my district  their home. They have planted their roots deeply in Massachusetts, and  they see a future of self-determination and prosperity in the city of  Taunton.   But I am ashamed of how our Nation has treated them in the 398 years  since they shared their precious resources with those strangers, not to  mention the generations before them that called the region home for  nearly 12,000 years.   I am ashamed of how our Nation has treated many Native people  throughout our history and how we have taken their land, silenced their  voices, poisoned their water, and disrupted their culture. We have  dismissed their very humanity.   It is that shame that leaves us here today with a decision to make.  Today, as this House debates this bill, the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe is  on the verge of dissolution. An unjust Supreme Court decision, followed  by a reversal by the Department of the Interior to take the Tribe's  land into trust, has left the Tribe with no other options. They are  without access to critical Federal funds to support their public  services, including health centers and schools.   The question today is, do we allow this to become a closing chapter  in the story of an indigenous people who put their faith and trust into  strangers? Do we allow a legal loophole to define American citizens out  of existence?   Or do we begin to right the wrongs of our past? Do we begin to march  down a path of justice and equality and hope for the Native people  whose dreams for this country outlive our very democracy?   To me, that choice is simple. It is a matter of right and wrong, of  correcting a historical injustice that has perpetrated for far too  long. It would simply put the Mashpee Tribe on equal footing with all  other federally recognized Native American Tribes.   I want to take a minute, Mr. Speaker, to rebut some of the arguments  made by our colleagues.   One, that this is an off-reservation development: There is no  reservation. There is nothing to be off-reservation. I cannot imagine  that the argument actually is that, for a Tribe that called thousands  of acres home, you are going to say they can only represent one small  portion of that and not have two facilities. That can't possibly be how  the U.S. Government is dictating what Tribal lands can be today of an  area they called home for 12,000 years.   Two, my colleagues argued that this overrules a court decision. The  last time I checked, that is what Congress does. We write laws. The  courts interpret them. They strike down laws all the time. We write  them again. That is in the Constitution. That is inherent in our  responsibilities, in our obligation. The actual court decision, if you  read it, indicates that Congress has the inherent power to do exactly  what we are doing, 100 percent.   Three, our colleagues referenced the Gun Lake decision and the Gun  Lake legislation. Gun Lake was a response to a decision by the Supreme  Court as well, 100 percent.   We have heard allegations of lobbyists. The lobbyist for our  colleagues in Rhode Island for their casinos is married to a  communications official in the White House. You can't possibly be  saying that there is some issue here with Federal lobbying that is not  directly and 100 percent in line with lining their own pockets for the  opposition to this bill.   They said that the Tribe is about to go bankrupt. The Tribe is about  to go bankrupt, but all of a sudden, the Tribe doesn't owe the  financiers money. Which one is it?   Next, Federal benefits, they are saying that all the Federal benefits  will remain. That ignores the Federal benefits that come with Federal  recognition of reservations: the Indian Business Development Program,  Financial Assistance and Social Services, employment assistance for  adult Indians, vocational training for adult Indians, educational  contracts under the Johnson-O'Malley Act, food distribution programs on  the Indian reservation, Tribal transportation programs, Bureau of  Justice Assistance Tribal justice system grants, treatment as a State  under the Clean Water Act, treatment as a State under the Clean Air  Act, exercise of Special Domestic Violence Criminal Jurisdiction. All  of those are contingent on this bill today.   A dangerous precedent is going to be set. The dangerous precedent  that is going to be set is that Massachusetts residents legalized  gambling. The Tribe went through a compact with the State that was  approved. They went through a referendum with the people of Taunton  that was approved nearly 60-40 that townspeople in Taunton want this  bill. They want this development.   It is a billion dollars for a working-class community. The folks who  don't are, yes, a few residents of that community whose lawsuit has  been financed by a rival casino developer to end this project so they  can build a different one down the road.    They say that this is too close to the Rhode Island border. There is  an existing casino in Rhode Island that recently started 500 yards from  the Massachusetts border. You cannot be serious about this.   There is no argument, other than greed, that comes back to why anyone  should vote against this bill. This is about the recognition of a  sovereign nation that welcomed strangers to their land 400 years ago  and helped us celebrate our first Thanksgiving, and the ability of our  Federal Government to recognize them for who they are. If nothing else,  this Tribe deserves that.   