 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today, the House of Representatives  will take up a motion to terminate the state of emergency proclaimed by  President Trump. For many reasons, the measure should pass with  bipartisan support.   First, Members of both parties know there is no actual emergency at  the border. Nearly 60 former national security advisers--Democrat and  Republican, bipartisan--including former Secretaries of State and  Defense, have written a statement saying there is ``no factual evidence  of an emergency at the border.'' The President himself said, when  announcing the state of emergency, that he ``didn't need to do this.''   An emergency, by definition, is something you need to do. It is an  emergency. In the President's own words, this is not a state of  emergency.   If we let Presidents, whomever they be--Democrat or Republican-- willy-nilly, because they want to get something done, just declare an  emergency when it is clear it has been a long-term  [[Page S1449]]  condition, a long-term issue, this country is a different country.   That leads to my second point. Members of both parties should be  concerned about the President diverting money away from military  construction projects in their districts.   Again, the President doesn't like you for some reason. He says there  is an emergency and takes money away from a project in your State that  you have worked hard for. That is no way to govern.   But at the top of the list is this: the Founding Fathers looking down  upon this Chamber and upon these United States of America. They set up  an exquisite balance of power. They were worried about an overreaching  Executive. They knew what King George was all about. So they named the  Congress, the House and Senate, the article I--article I, not II, III  or IV--part of the government. Second, they gave the Congress one of  the greatest powers any government has, which is the power of the  purse.   When the President tries to take these powers away, which clearly he  is doing in this case--he called for an emergency when he couldn't get  his way in Congress, not because some new facts came on the scene--it  is a change in the fundamental, necessary, and, often, exquisite  balance of power.   I know many of my friends on the other side of the aisle understand  that. In fact, true conservatism worries about too much power being  centralized in any place because conservatism exalts the freedom of the  individual.   So to look the other way because Donald Trump wants this--because he  is almost sometimes in a temper tantrum about this issue--is so short- sighted and is so detrimental to the long-term health, stability, and  viability, even, of how the balance of power works.   So I implore my friends on the other side of the aisle to contemplate  what it might portend for our democracy to allow this emergency  declaration to stand. What would stop any future President from  claiming an emergency every week and doing what they wanted--a total  subversion of the balance of powers, a derogation of huge power to the  Executive, which has plenty of power already?   The National Emergencies Act has been used only once in its  relatively short history, and that was to take action after 9/11-- clearly, an emergency. Now President Trump is trying to bend the law to  his will, not to address a military emergency, not to address any real  emergency. This has been an ongoing issue. He would say ``problem.''  That is OK, but he is doing it for personal political gain, to  accomplish something Congress rejected and the American people oppose.   He has tried several times to get this wall. Congress has resisted.  Congress even resisted when Democrats didn't have control of the House,  and now they do. Elections do matter. We are a democracy, President  Trump. So it is hard to imagine a more senseless and destructive use of  emergency powers than what the President has proposed.   So let us, Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate, rise to the  occasion. This will be a moment in history, a point where things may  turn a bit. If Congress stands up, it will be a reaffirmation of our  democracy. It will be a reaffirmation of the democracy the Founding  Fathers wanted. If Congress stands up--Democrats and Republicans--when  the Founding Fathers look down on this Chamber after the vote occurs,  they will smile because this is the democracy they wanted. They did not  want a democracy where a President could simply declare an emergency on  a whim and overrule what Congress has done.   So let us--Congress--first the House and then the Senate, speak up  with one bipartisan voice to remedy this injury that President Trump is  trying to do to our constitutional order.   Whatever you think of the best way to secure our border, this is not  the way for a President--any President--to exercise his authority. This  is not about whether you are for or against a wall, and I, of course,  am against it. It is about what America is all about, whatever your  view on the wall.   