 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, just when you think things couldn't get  any stranger here in Washington, DC, a few weeks ago, Speaker Pelosi  announced that the House was officially beginning proceedings to  impeach the President of the United States. While the left has been  dreaming of impeachment ever since the President was first elected in  2016, the timing of this was quite a surprise. In fact, last January  the Speaker led the effort to table an impeachment resolution, and she  and Chairman Nadler and Chairman Schiff and other House leaders had  said that they recognized that this would never be successful unless it  is bipartisan, and I think they were right then and they are wrong now.  [[Page S5807]]    We know that the announcement of the Speaker came at a time when the  only thing the public knew was about rumors of a whistleblower  complaint about a call over which virtually no one knew any details.   But the facts didn't really matter. This was about grabbing ahold of  something and using this as a vehicle to do what the left has wanted to  do since the President was inaugurated.   Were the initial reports a reason to look into the matter further?  Absolutely. That is what the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence  that I have the privilege of serving on did. We had the Acting Director  of National Intelligence come testify. We had the inspector general  come testify about his report.   But that is not the approach that House Democrats have taken. They  made no honest effort to investigate before deciding to impeach.   Prior to the Speaker's press conference, in fact, we hadn't seen the  complaint. We hadn't seen the transcript or heard from the leaders of  the intelligence community. But regardless of the lack of any evidence  at the time, they jumped into impeachment feet first. It is almost as  if they were waiting for anything--any excuse, any reason at all--to do  what they have wanted to do since day one in opposing President Trump.   This confirms to me that this is really not about the facts so much  as it is a search-and-destroy mission.   Removing a President from office is no small matter. In fact, the  Senate has never done so in American history. You would think that with  so much at stake, our House Democrat friends would make every effort to  lay out a careful, logical, fact-based case for the American people.   In fact, they said they knew they couldn't be successful unless this  was a bipartisan effort, but they made zero effort to make it  bipartisan by laying out the facts, by making it transparent, by  letting the American people see exactly what was going on.   Ordinarily, you would expect hearings on every major network,  witnesses presenting their testimony, subject to questioning by both  Republicans and Democrats, and detailed reports of investigations. That  is what you would expect, but that is not what we got.   Instead, we got secret hearings, secret witnesses, secret interviews,  and secret meetings. But you know what goes along with that kind of  secrecy--leaks and more leaks.   Chairman Schiff and his cohorts in the House have drawn the cloak of  secrecy around this entire proceeding and then proceeded to drip, drip,  drip a narrative to the press through leaks that would seem to justify  their arguments, but that is not fair. That is not fair to the  President. That is not fair to the 65 million American people who voted  for President Trump. To try to negate an election through this sort of  inappropriate process just defies logic and sense.   We have some idea of whom they are meeting with, but we have no idea  as to the details they are talking about. That is because, instead of  going through the Judiciary Committee, which would have been an open  proceeding, ordinarily, Speaker Pelosi has grabbed this topic from  Chairman Nadler and given it to Chairman Schiff, the chairman of the  House Intelligence Committee, so as to have some sort of justification,  as thin as it may seem, for doing things behind closed doors and in  secret.   As I said, I am on the Senate Intelligence Committee. I understand  that if there is classified information that can't be made public, that  is a reason to have closed-door hearings, but there should be some  effort to separate the classified information, if there is any, from  the nonclassified information and have a public hearing on that part of  the information the committee is given, not just closing the door,  locking it, and throwing away the key, and keeping it all secret. This  is really unjustified.   Well, we know that they have been busy. Chairman Schiff has been  busy. We know he has been particularly busy on the TV talk shows and  giving interviews to the media all day long, every day, and we know  that there are bits of information being strategically leaked to the  media, which conveniently align with their overall plan, and that is  impeachment.    There have been no real and credible details about what has happened  behind those closed-door meetings, and I would suggest that every  American should be concerned. This is entirely contrary to our basic  concepts of fairness and due process--to have secret witnesses, secret  interviews, secret hearings, and then use that information to take one  of the most dramatic actions that the Constitution provides for, and  that is the removal of a President.   This is contrary to any concept of fair play and due process, as  guaranteed by the Bill of Rights and our Constitution. You could be  charged with a traffic offense and get more transparency and more due  process than what the House Democrats are providing to President Trump,  because that is what the Constitution requires.   Because the Speaker made a decision to impeach President Trump based  at the time solely on rumors and secondhand information, I am left with  very little optimism for the way this impeachment inquiry so far has  been handled.   Now, there have been some silly hearings in the House of  Representatives this year, but the American people should have the  benefit of being able to watch these proceedings and draw their own  conclusions. They don't have to believe what the press tells them based  on strategic leaks. They don't have to believe what Chairman Schiff and  Speaker Pelosi say. They can judge the facts for themselves.   When it comes to impeachment, arguably one of the most serious  responsibilities under our Constitution for Congress, House Democrats  have simply drawn the cloak of secrecy around their investigation. Of  course, you know what the logical questions are to this sort of bizarre  proceeding--questions like this: What are they hiding? What are they  afraid of? What is it that they don't want the American people to see?   Of course, as I said, there are going to be some sensitivities and,  perhaps, even some classified information, particularly when you are  talking about foreign policy.   But the President has already made the key documents public. He has  declassified the conversation he had with President Zelensky, and we  have seen the report of the inspector general.   This secrecy veil seems to be more of a necessary tool to cloak  information that doesn't align with their narrative. They simply don't  want people to hear all sides of the story.   I have no doubt that if the facts were on their side, they would  allow this process to be in the open. If they actually thought that  transparency would benefit them, they would throw the doors wide open  and do it out in public and let the American people judge it for  themselves, and if facts were on their side, they would then hold a  vote on the floor of the House of Representatives authorizing this  impeachment inquiry, which has been done each time in the past. But  from what we read, Speaker Pelosi is trying to protect her vulnerable  House Members from being held accountable for their vote, particularly  those in swing districts that won in 2018. So this is more another part  of the political calculation at work here.   Instead, what they are doing is constructing this narrative behind  closed doors and handpicking which information to leak and which to  keep secret.   A true and honest investigation means following the facts where they  may lead, gathering evidence, and giving the American people access to  that information at every step, but that is a far cry from what is  happening today.   While House Democrats are freely leaking the details of the  impeachment process to the media, they are being unfair to the American  people, particularly the 65 million people who voted for President  Trump in the first place--but not just them. We all understand that in  elections you win some and you lose some. Even the people who didn't  vote for President Trump, I believe, would be committed to a fair  process, particularly when going through something as serious as the  potential impeachment and removal of a duly elected President of the  United States.   What they want to do is to undo the 2016 election, but they should at  least have the courage to do it out in the open.  [[Page S5808]]    We know what is happening as a result of the Democrats devoting 100  percent of their time and energy to reversing the results of the 2016  election by impeaching President Trump. Their constituents sitting at  home are wondering what it is they are actually going to be able to  accomplish.   When we have elections, ordinarily candidates run for office and say:  If you elect me, I will do this, this, and this. The House Democrats  have given up on that. Forget their campaign promises. Forget what they  told their voters in the 2018 election. They are all in on the  impeachment and removal of the President. The rest of that stuff is  just talk--at least that is how it appears.   There are a lot of important things we can and should be doing in  Washington as opposed to this political side show. We have had many  productive hearings and efforts on such important items as trying to  reduce mass violence, which is something we are all concerned about,  how to bring down costs and increase choice when it comes to our  healthcare system, how to improve trade so we can sell the things we  grow and make in America to markets around the world, and how we can  continue this incredible trend line when it comes to our economy, where  unemployment is at historically low levels and particularly African- American and Hispanic unemployment is at historically the lowest level  in recorded history. Forget all of that. House Democrats are full steam  ahead on impeachment, which will make it virtually impossible for us to  pass productive, bipartisan legislation. It will make it virtually  impossible for them to keep the promises they themselves made to their  constituents when they ran for election in 2018, and that is a crying  shame.   This is the final point I want to make. We are 13 months--13 months-- from a general election. President Trump will be on the ballot. These  folks, who apparently have never gotten over their loss in 2016, will  have a chance to cast their votes again. So will the American people.  We will be able to take a look at the Democratic nominee, along with  President Trump, the Republican nominee, and we will be able to vote 13  months from now. But, to me, it says the Democrats are not particularly  optimistic about the outcome of the 2020 election, given that choice,  because they are not going to wait for the election to occur; they want  to divide the country, they want to paralyze Congress, and they want to  impeach President Trump 13 months before the election.   I hope cooler heads will prevail. Democrats should work with us to  pass bipartisan legislation that will actually make our country better  off rather than pursuing this purely political agenda of impeachment.   I think it is disgraceful the way the House Democrats have chosen to  pursue this clandestine impeachment process rather than focus on what  is best for the American people. Let the voters cast their ballots 13  months from now rather than put our country through this divisive and  ultimately futile effort to impeach and remove President Trump.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   