 Madam Speaker, there is no joy for me in the  impeachment process, because I know the nature of impeachment is  polarizing. Unfortunately, based on his own words, conduct, and the  evidence from credible witnesses, there is no other option but to  impeach.   The first article alleges the President abused the power of his  office for personal gain. He withheld military aid and an Oval Office  meeting from a foreign government unless they gave him dirt he could  use against his likely challenger to help his own re-election bid. The  President admitted he did this. This conversation was in the transcript  the White House released. Two State Department officials' texts and  phone calls confirmed the transcript and the President's own words.   The second article alleges the President obstructed Congress by  refusing to comply with the lawful requests made by Congress in the  impeachment inquiry. President Trump repeatedly instructed government  officials and agencies not to cooperate and spurn subpoenas. In the  history of impeachment in our country, this has never happened. No  President or Administration facing impeachment has ever categorically  denied subpoenas and refused requests for documents, until President  Trump.   The facts are not in dispute. The President and his Chief of Staff  have admitted they did it and told us ``we do that all the time, get  over it.'' We must not get over it. We must not let the abnormal become  the normal. We cannot allow this President to ``do whatever he wants''  if it violates the Constitution and laws of the United States.   To not impeach would say to future presidents they can disregard the  Constitutional authority given to Congress. To not impeach would  announce to foreign countries that America's presidency is for sale. To  not impeach would tell future presidents they too can try to rig an  election in their favor instead of letting voters decide. To not  impeach would say our President is above the law.   The President and Members of Congress take an oath to the  Constitution. The President violated his oath, but I will not violate  mine.   