 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding, and I thank the dean of the North Carolina delegation for  putting together this Special Order on behalf of someone who truly  epitomized the word ``gentleman,'' indeed, ``Southern gentleman,''  though not what you may immediately conjure up if you are from the  North when you think about that gentile Southern person and plantation  owner.   His father, who served in this body, was a factory worker. Walter  grew up with great admiration for his dad, who I was able to talk with  him about on several occasions on this floor.   What a special and unique place this Chamber we serve in is, and  throughout history, how many people have graced these hallowed halls  and served with distinction. Walter served not only with distinction  but with an acute humility for what that service meant and for the  people he represented, most notably, those at Camp Lejeune and, has  been alluded to already, the thought process that Walter went through  in coming to the conclusion that he must speak out and oppose a war he  had voted for. The very troops that he nurtured, cared for, and felt so  much a part of, he felt honor bound that he must speak on their behalf.  He could not withstand and was tortured by the memory of looking at the  little boy who lost his father, knowing that he would never know his  daddy, as Walter would say.    I came in with Virginia in 1998. I served on the Armed Services  Committee with Walter. I was introduced to him by a man from  Mississippi named Gene Taylor, who said that there is more integrity in  this man than any Member of the United States Congress. How right he  was.   Walter would frequently come over to the corner, as we referred to  it, and confer with Jack Murtha, my mentor and arguably one of the most  knowledgeable people in this Chamber and in this body on matters of  defense, on matters of the military, as he had served as a colonel with  distinction in Vietnam. Walter would often probe Mr. Murtha about the  war in Iraq and how bothered he was by that vote.   Jack would counsel him. When Walter would walk away, Jack Murtha  would add to the chorus of people who would say: What honor, what  integrity, what thoughtfulness, what a genuine human being Walter Jones  is. He cares so deeply about the people he represents and the feeling  that he had not done the right thing with his vote for Iraq.   There are a number of reasons why Jack Murtha came out to,  ultimately, oppose the war in Iraq. But I will always believe that  Walter's regular pilgrimages over there to talk about the rank-and-file  soldier, about the person on the frontline and their families behind at  home, and the fact that people felt they were lied to, played an  enormous part in Mr. Murtha's decision, two profound figures that I had  the honor to serve with in this body, both who have passed, both whose  opposition to the war in Iraq changed the course of events here in this  country.   Walter, ever the gentleman, always sincere, always humble, his  friendship and his acts of kindness are legendary.   I thank the dean of the North Carolina delegation, who I hold in  profound regard, because I know he, and everybody here tonight, cares  deeply about this institution. What makes this institution what it is,  it is not the splendid hall, but it is the humanity of people like  Walter Jones who have graced us with his service and his presence,  indeed, the people who bring honor and dignity and integrity to the  United States Congress.   