 Madam President, the U.N. Special Rapporteur on  extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary killings, Ms. Agnes Callamard,  recently released her report on the murder of Jamal Khashoggi after a  6-month investigation. I encourage everyone to read the report, and I  want to share several of her findings.   First, Mr. Khashoggi was murdered and dismembered inside the Saudi  consulate in Istanbul. It was an extrajudicial killing that violated  numerous international laws, and for which the Government of Saudi  Arabia is responsible.   Second, there is credible evidence warranting further investigation  of the  [[Page S4845]]  liability of high-level Saudi officials, especially the Crown Prince.   Third, once Turkey publicly announced Mr. Khashoggi's murder, the  Saudi Government used consular immunity to obstruct Turkey's  investigation until the crime scene could be cleaned, and there are  reasons to conclude that the destruction of evidence could not have  taken place without the Crown Prince's knowledge.   Fourth, Saudi officials falsely denied knowledge of Mr. Khashoggi's  murder for more than 2 weeks, and they continue to deny state  responsibility.   Fifth, the trial of the suspects who have been charged in Saudi  Arabia will not deliver justice or the whole truth.   Sixth, Jamal Khashoggi's remains have yet to be located and turned  over to his family.   Some have ignored the findings in the report, as the lobbyists who  continue to rake in millions of dollars from the Saudi Government have  encouraged, and as the Trump administration appears inclined to do. But  ignoring the facts doesn't change what happened. And it bears  repeating: The fact is, a journalist was murdered by the Saudi  Government in a manner that implicates officials at the highest level  in the royal family. The fact is, the Saudi Government engaged in a  flagrant coverup and continues to deny any responsibility. The fact is,  the steps being taken to pursue justice are a sham.   After the report was released, the Saudi Foreign Minister dismissed  its finding as not containing any new information--as if the murder,  coverup, and lack of accountability are irrelevant because they have  been previously reported.   While many of the summary findings in the report may not be new, they  are supported by roughly 100 pages of detailed information in which the  Special Rapporteur and her team document official reports from the  U.S., Saudi, and Turkish Governments, they include quotes from  interviews conducted around the world, and they share excerpts of the  gruesome intelligence information to which they had access.   Ms. Callamard presented the facts, her own conclusions, and the  methodology used to reach those conclusions, and she was clear about  where there were limitations of her inquiry. The report shows a  meticulous and objective effort to find the truth. For that reason, it  stands in stark contrast to the approach taken by both the Saudi  Government and the Trump administration.   The Special Rapporteur also made several recommendations, including  some that are directed specifically to the United States. They include  the following:   Open an FBI investigation into the murder of Mr. Khashoggi, and  pursue criminal prosecutions within the United States as appropriate.   Make a determination under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights  Accountability Act regarding the responsibility of the Crown Prince,  the de facto ruler of Saudi Arabia.   To the greatest extent possible, consistent with national security,  declassify materials relating to the murder of Mr. Khashoggi.   And hold congressional hearings on the responsibility of top Saudi  officials and demand access to the relevant classified materials.   After Ms. Callamard's report was released, President Trump, just like  the Saudi Foreign Minister, dismissed its findings. He made clear he  intends to take no action in response to the report.   In addition, despite Secretary Pompeo's repeated claim that the  administration is ``committed to holding each individual accountable''  in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, the facts indicate the opposite. The  administration continues to refuse to adhere to its legal  requirements--refuses to follow the law--under the Magnitsky Act to  determine liability in the murder, including the liability of the Crown  Prince.   In fact, President Trump has made no effort to conceal that the  administration's complicity in protecting the Saudi royal family is  linked to billions of dollars in sales of U.S. weapons to the Saudi  Government. During an interview shortly after the report was released,  the President admitted to not raising the U.N. report with the Crown  Prince, and said: ``Saudi Arabia's a big buyer of American products;  that means something to me.''   Asked whether Saudi Arabia paid the right price for the United States  ``to look the other way,'' President Trump said: ``No, no. But I'm not  like a fool that says, `We don't want to do business with them . . .  Take their money.' ''   I was a prosecutor for 8 years. The fact that premeditated murder is  being condoned because of billions of dollars in Saudi money is  unconscionable.   According to President Trump, our relations with Saudi Arabia should  not change regardless of the outcome of any investigation. Think about  that. The President is saying that no matter what the evidence shows,  no matter how compelling the evidence implicating the Crown Prince in  murder and obstruction of justice, that should not affect our relations  with the Saudi Government. That is a shocking statement.   Instead, the administration has limited its response to imposing  sanctions only against individuals who reportedly carried out the  murder, as well as a few other officials believed to have played a role  in ordering or facilitating the operation, and has argued that, by  doing so, it has fulfilled its commitment to pursuing justice.   It is the same as what the Saudi Government has done--claim to be  holding the hit men accountable while absolving the Saudi leadership  and royal family of any responsibility.   Yet the Special Rapporteur has rightly emphasized that the pursuit of  justice for Jamal Khashoggi and his family is about finding the truth.   Secretary Pompeo recently spoke about the need to ensure that our  principles guide our policy. That is a view I share, but I have to  wonder what he meant by that pious statement. What principles was he  talking about? There is no evidence that the administration is being  guided by principle in the Khashoggi case. To the contrary, there is  every reason to believe this administration has made a calculated  decision to do the opposite. In fact, the President has said as much.   There should be nothing controversial about holding accountable a  government that systemically represses and abuses its own people, that  is currently arbitrarily detaining American citizens whom it has also  reportedly tortured, that has repeatedly committed war crimes in Yemen  that potentially implicate the United States, and that is responsible  for the premeditated murder of a widely respected journalist.   I hope other Senators will join me in calling on the Trump  administration to lead the international community by example. Our  government should put Special Rapporteur Callamard's recommendations  into practice, and we should urge other governments to do the same.   I yield the floor.   