 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I would like to speak today about an old  friend and mentor, Gene Scalia. Gene is a devoted husband and father, a  brilliant lawyer, and a fairminded advocate for workers and the rule of  law, and he is an outstanding choice to be our next Secretary of Labor.   Gene has proven himself as a top legal mind both in government and in  private practice. During the Presidency of George W. Bush, he served as  the top lawyer for the Department of Labor, where he stood up for  workers by vigorously enforcing the law. When Enron's executives  defrauded and bankrupted the company, Gene fought to recover the  retirement savings of employees and pensioners.   In private practice, Gene fought out-of-control bureaucrats who  threatened to undercut America's position as an industrial power. When  Washington bureaucrats tried to stop Boeing from building its world- class Dreamliner in South Carolina, he fended off the attack. As a  result, thousands of South Carolinians today are employed in good- paying manufacturing jobs, and the world's best airplanes continue to  be made right here in America.   Gene's resume tells the story well enough. It proves that he is a top  expert in labor law who has devoted his life to ensuring that workers  and industry alike get a fair shake.   But his resume doesn't tell the whole story. I met Gene early in my  short career as a lawyer. He was one of my very first bosses. So I got  a window into his leadership style and legal mind. I have relied on his  hard-earned wisdom and counsel ever since, although, I have to say,  Gene was one of the very few lawyers I knew who discouraged me from  leaving the law and joining the Army. I think that is less a commentary  on my skills as a young lawyer and more a commentary on his need to  keep his lawyers on his cases. But he came around and introduced me to  his brother Matt, who remains an Army officer to this day, and the  Scalia family have been good friends all along.   Gene Scalia is one of the most capable and decent men I know in  Washington. His dedication to the law and its just application is  absolute. Working folks in this country deserve a Labor Secretary of  such integrity and conviction, and Gene Scalia will be just such a  Secretary.   I urge all of my colleagues to confirm him as our next Secretary of  Labor.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I would like to speak briefly about our  resolution, which is to instruct the conferees to adopt the bipartisan  Defending America's 5G Future Act into the conference report.   Huawei is no ordinary telecom company. It is the eyes and ears of the  Chinese Communist Party. That is why the administration earlier this  year put it on the Commerce Department's blacklist. It is a rare action  that both Republicans and Democrats can support.   Our legislation, to a large extent, codifies that decision to keep  Huawei on the blacklist and to ensure that Congress has a say on any  exclusion, say for a small rural telecom that needs time to transition.  We might pass a resolution of disapproval if we oppose that action.  But, most importantly, it is to ensure that Congress affirmatively acts  to pass a resolution of approval to remove Huawei from the blacklist,  because that is where Huawei belongs and where they should stay without  a decision of the people's representatives in Congress.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  remaining votes in the series be 10 minutes in length.   