 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I believe that the American people are well  aware that this administration, the Trump administration, has taken  steps to sabotage the Affordable Care Act, and now my party, the  Democrats, are taking major steps to reverse it. But, as we do so, we  should also address health equity.   My amendment will ensure that the ACA navigators can and should refer  [[Page H3893]]  Americans to community-based organizations that also address social  needs tied to health outcomes.   Social factors like your ZIP Code, income, race, ethnicity, and  language ability all play a major role in one's health. A good example  in the communities I represent is housing and homelessness. Without  adequate housing, it is hard to address people's healthcare needs.   At a recent roundtable I had with hospitals, community health  centers, and other medical professionals, they made clear that  homelessness profoundly impacts people's and their patients' health.  Hospitals like L.A. County-USC are looking at homelessness as a health  risk factor.   What does that mean? That means, when you get checked into L.A.  County-USC, they not only determine do you have a family history of  preexisting conditions like heart disease and hypertension, have you  suffered from alcoholism, they not only consider that, but now they put  on the board, right above the patient, ``Homeless.''   The reason why is that you might be able to take care of their  underlying healthcare condition, but, if they end up back on the street  days later, then their health outcomes will be negatively impacted.   So organizations in our communities that are not necessarily  healthcare related can play a critical role in addressing healthcare  outcomes.   Navigators must understand what our constituents are facing. They can  meet people where they are and are well positioned to refer them to  organizations that can improve that individual's long-term healthcare  outcome and also reduce costs.   We know that the Trump administration is undermining ObamaCare, and  we need to reverse it with this legislation. Yet, at the same time, we  must improve health equity to ensure all Americans have meaningful  access to care. My amendment would do just that: improve health equity,  lower costs, and help Americans from all backgrounds get and stay  healthy.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   