 Mr. Speaker, about 6 weeks ago, when the rumors  began that the President might declare a national emergency to build  his border wall, my staff and I began working with legislative counsel  to make sure that Congress would have a say in what amounts to  constitutional cannibalism by the President.   This is the most consequential vote we will take in a generation on  the balance of powers between the legislative and the executive  branches of government, whether we will respect the separation of  powers enshrined in our Constitution, stand up for Congress, for this  country, and for the Constitution, or whether we will stand down, in  favor of the President.   The precedent that may be set today and this week, or next week when  the Senate votes if Congress allows this President's emergency  declaration to stand will not have ramifications only on this matter or  the building of a border wall. If the President is successful, he will  likely come back for more. He will likely circumvent Congress again, in  the same unconstitutional way.    Not only will this President do it, future Presidents will do it.   I ask you this: How are we to tell a future President, if this  President is successful, that gun deaths, which number in the tens of  thousands, are not a national emergency, that opioid deaths are not a  national emergency, that climate change is not a national emergency?   This will allow a President to sideline Congress from much of  domestic policy.   Bear in mind, over the years, Congress has already, on its own, I  believe, given up a lot of its authority with respect to foreign  policy.   It is also clear that there is no emergency at the border. Border  crossings are at a four-decade low. The folks who are coming today are  presenting themselves to Border Patrol agents seeking asylum, not  trying to get around the border.   There are more law enforcement officers at our border--Federal,  State, and local officers--than at any time in our Nation's history.   Since its founding, this country has become the most powerful and  prosperous on the face of the Earth without a border wall. That is why  most Americans disagree with the President usurping the power of  Congress to build his border wall.   In fact, not only do they disagree with that, they disagree with  using military construction money on this border project. Cities like  mine, San Antonio, stand to lose millions of dollars in military  construction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this resolution.   