 Mr. President, to borrow from Yogi Berra, it is deja vu  all over again in the Senate this week. Once again, the Senate is  taking up a lot of judicial nominations, and, once again, we will spend  a lot of time considering noncontroversial nominees.   Now my colleagues across the aisle have started to complain about the  Senate's focus on nominations. I am pretty frustrated myself, not  because we are considering these nominees--it is our constitutional  duty, after all--but because we are being forced to spend so much time  on their nominations, but that is what my Democratic colleagues have  obliged us to do.   Back in the day, most of the judicial nominees we are considering  would have been confirmed without the time-consuming cloture vote  process. By this point in President Obama's first term, Republicans had  required cloture votes on just three of President Obama's judicial  nominees--three, Mr. President.   Contrast that with today. As of June 5, Democrats have required  cloture votes on 76 of President Trump's judicial nominees--76 to 3.  Now, of course, some might leap to the conclusion that this is not  obstruction for obstruction's sake. They might assume that President  Trump has been nominating unqualified or deeply controversial  candidates for judicial office, and the Democrats have no alternative  but to obstruct and delay the nominations--except that is not the case  because Democrats have repeatedly made it clear that they have no  problem with many of the President's nominations by turning around and  voting for the same people they have obstructed.   That is right. Again and again, Democrats have voted in favor of the  very same nominees they have delayed. Take Monday and Tuesday's  confirmation votes on two nominees for district judge. Democrats forced  cloture votes on both nominees. Yet when it came time to confirm them,  Democrats turned around and supported the nominations. One nominee  received the support of 24 Democrats, including the Democratic whip,  while the other nominee was confirmed with the support of 39 Democrats,  almost the entire Democratic caucus.   Democrats aren't obstructing because they oppose all or even most of  President Trump's nominees; they are obstructing because they still  can't get over the 2016 election. It has been 2\1/2\ years since the  last Presidential election--2\1/2\ years. We are closer to the next  Presidential election than to the last. Yet Democrats still can't let  the 2016 election go.   I realize their preferred candidate did not win, and I realize they  are not fans of President Trump, but Democrats act like they are the  only people who have ever lost an election, like they are the first to  have to deal with a candidate they don't like.   To my Democratic colleagues across the aisle, I would like to say:  Welcome to life in our democracy. Welcome to life in a free country.  While it is never fun, sometimes your candidate is going to lose. That  is what happens when you have free elections.   I am not suggesting that Democrats should start rubberstamping every  item on the President's agenda. They have serious philosophical  disagreements with the President's policies, and it is right that they  should air them, but to reflexively oppose everything the President  says or does simply because he is the President is deeply  irresponsible. There are serious consequences to pointlessly delaying  nominees, such as backlogs in our court system or a government that  isn't functioning the way it should because of vacancies in leadership  positions.   There are even more serious and immediate consequences to obstructing  other measures. Right now, Democrats are holding up desperately needed  funding for the serious humanitarian and security crisis at our  southern border simply because it is the President making the funding  request. The security of our country and the well-being of tens of  thousands of immigrants are at stake, and Democrats are refusing to  address the situation because they don't like the President.   In the first 8 months of this fiscal year, nearly 411,000  unaccompanied children and families have crossed our southern border,  more than in any previous full year. Resources are stretched to the  breaking point. Shelters are overloaded, and providing adequate medical  care is becoming more and more difficult. Federal agencies are simply  running out of money. Money appropriated for the care of unaccompanied  children could run out by the end of this month. That means caregivers  for these children would have to work without pay, and private  organizations with Federal grants to care for these children would go  without their funding.   Democrats like to style themselves as the party of openness and  compassion, and yet they are willing to ignore a humanitarian crisis of  massive proportions out of political spite--not to mention the serious  security issue.   The Department of Homeland Security is being forced to divert  resources to deal with the humanitarian crisis pulling more than 700  Customs and Border Protection Officers from legal points of entry to  assist with the surge of migrants.   I don't think there is a Member in this body who wouldn't agree on  the importance of fully staffing our ports and cargo processing so we  don't create new vulnerabilities, but Customs and Border Protection is  left with little choice.   After 2\1/2\ years of unprecedented partisanship and obstruction from  Democrats, I would like to think that the Democrats would finally turn  their focus to the business of government. Unfortunately, I think it is  more likely that their obstruction will continue and that we will see a  lot more pointless delays when it comes to nominees  [[Page S3336]]  and more difficulty getting Democrats to work with us on legislation.   I do hope--I do hope Democrats can hold their relentless obstruction  long enough to provide humanitarian relief along our southern border  and to address the increasingly precarious security situation. It  doesn't seem like too much to ask.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Daines).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Daines).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Daines).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Daines).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Daines).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander) and the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Daines).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''   