 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of  Dale Cabaniss to serve as Director of the Office of Personnel  Management.   With roughly 5,500 dedicated employees, OPM is responsible for  managing the Federal Government's civilian workforce--overseeing  government-wide policies for recruiting, for hiring, and training--and  administering the healthcare, life insurance, and retirement benefits  that impact millions of Americans every year.   The Director of OPM plays a crucial role in the Federal Government,  not only by managing the agency's employees but by serving as a leader  and an advocate for more than 2 million hard-working men and women in  the Federal workforce. The next Director of OPM must have a proven  track record of effective leadership.   While I acknowledge and I admire Ms. Cabaniss's long record of public  service, which includes more than 20 years here in the Senate, I do not  believe that her experience and qualifications satisfy the requirements  of this very important and very challenging position.   Last summer, the Trump administration released its government-wide  reorganization proposal, which includes plans to dismantle the Office  of Personnel Management as we know it. Since then, Congress has  repeatedly attempted to engage in an honest and productive dialogue  with the administration about their reorganization proposal. However,  they have not been transparent about the repercussions of this plan and  what impact those repercussions could have on the Federal workforce.  They have not demonstrated how taxpayers will be better served by their  proposal, and it remains unclear if they have even studied the full  impact of their proposal. In short, they have left too many fundamental  questions simply unanswered.   The Office of Personnel Management is charged with safeguarding the  nonpartisan civil service from the political motives of this or any  White House. During such a time of uncertainty and upheaval, OPM needs  strong and steady leadership that is focused on good governance and  that will not be swayed by political whims of elected officials. This  Agency and the millions of Americans it serves each and every day  deserve a proven, independent leader.   Simply put, Dale Cabaniss is not that leader. While Ms. Cabaniss has  some experience leading a small agency, I am not confident that her  background has prepared her to provide the stability and the autonomy  that OPM deserves.   Unfortunately, after a careful review of Ms. Cabaniss's record, I do  not believe that she is the right choice to lead OPM at this critical  time. I will be voting no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   