 Mr. Chair, I rise today opposing amendment 546 that would  use the NDAA to task the Director of National Intelligence reporting  rules for civilian casualties.   As Chairman Smith knows and, also, Ms. Stefanik and the ranking  member, though I voted for the NDAA in markup, I opposed this amendment  then, and I still do.   The long story short is that this tasking should be in the  Intelligence Authorization Act and not in the Defense Authorization  Act.   This tasks the Director of National Intelligence, and, thus, it  should be handled by the Intelligence Committee and in the intelligence  authorization bill.   We believe in transparency. We believe in doing all we can to  minimize civilian casualties. We believe in proportionality. We believe  in knowing if we are targeting and handling these operations correctly.   I know from my experience working three decades in the Air Force that  our military goes through extensive vetting, extensive legal reviews,  and extensive crosschecks before putting a weapon on a target that  could threaten civilians.   But let's be clear: DOD has a full and transparent oversight  framework in place for DOD and U.S. military operations.   The FY18 NDAA established a robust civilian casualty reporting  mechanism for the U.S. military, and the DOD reporting is fully  available to the public.   Even more, there are two additional provisions in this bill that  increase the level of CIVCAS reporting and directs an independent  assessment of DOD's reporting and policy.   But, what is important here: This is about DOD and military  operations, not the intelligence operations. It is not the DOD's role  to report on the intelligence community.   It is not the role of the NDAA to task the intelligence community.   I recommend voting against this amendment. We should send it to the  Intelligence Committee and let them do it the right way, if the  Intelligence Committee wants to take it on.    Mr. Chair, I come here to support the en bloc. There are  three great amendments in here that I want to briefly mention.   First, we are funding the replacement of three simulators at Offutt  Air Force Base, as well as programming equipment that will help us  exploit data that is collected during the missions. This is critical  for the backbone of the Air Force's medium-altitude manned ISR program.   Having those three simulators will have a huge impact. Instead of  taking aircraft home that should be flying to Russia, China, Korea,  Iran, or wherever it may be--without those simulators, they have to  come back to Offutt Air Force Base to do training--this will allow us  to do training at home and continue our real-world operational  missions.   I also want to thank the Chamber for supporting a bill that will help  enable our civilian professors to be retained in our military  academies, the National War College, and all the different military  schools that we have by allowing them to own the copyrighted material  that they have. Prior to this bill, the civilian instructors would not  be able to have ownership of these copyrighted materials, and many of  them get out because they want to progress with their careers. This  fixes that and allows them to stay in and maintain that ownership.   Finally, I want to praise another amendment that is in this en bloc.  We are allowing the academies now to endorse, as well as participate  with, foundations that are there to help support the cadets. Prior to  this, the academies were not allowed to partner or to endorse these  foundations, and it really limited the ability for these foundations to  help our cadets.   Now that they can work together, they can help provide more money for  new facilities and gym equipment, providing a better quality of life  for our cadets, while at the same time lowering the burden on  taxpayers.   Mr. Chair, I want to praise this effort, and I support the en bloc.   