 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote ``yes'' on this measure today, but I  do have concerns about how we are dealing with these issues. Obviously,  all forms of hatred and bigotry are intolerable and we should go on the  record as saying so.   I am voting for this because when I read the resolution, I agreed  with everything it says. But let me say this to the criticism that the  Democratic majority won't condemn anti-Semitism. A few weeks back we  took the virtually unprecedented step of accepting a Republican motion  to recommit, the procedural tool the majority never supports because it  condemned anti-Semitism. We were proud to set aside precedent to  condemn anti-Semitism then, and in today's resolution, we are doing so  again today.   So contrary to what some are saying, that is twice in the course of a  month that the Democratic majority is condemning anti-Semitism on the  floor of the House.   But I must say, the words spoken by our colleague from Minnesota last  week touched a very real, very raw place for me. My desire for the  House to go on record again, specifically condemning anti-Semitism,  wasn't a desire to single the gentlewoman out or to stifle debate on  U.S. policy towards Israel, but it was a desire and need to say that  certain words, no matter who utters them, have no place in our public  discourse and, indeed, can be very dangerous.   When a Member of our body speaks the way the Representative from  Minnesota spoke, then we need to single it out and say we will not  tolerate it. In the last week, these problems have been compounded.  [[Page H2552]]    Since the comments that sparked this controversy, the gentlewoman  from Minnesota has become the target of vile, racist Islamophobic  smears and threats. One begets another. And we have got to put a stop  to it now. That is horrific. Islamophobia has no place in this body or  anywhere in the United States, and anti-Semitism certainly doesn't  either.   I wish we had had a separate resolution about anti-Semitism. I think  we deserved it. I think it was wrong not to have it. I don't think we  should mix everything. But I want to say very clearly and very loudly  that anti-Semitism will never be tolerated by me, never be tolerated by  this body, and no Member of Congress should be making anti-Semitic  statements.   No Member of Congress should be saying hurtful things and then not  apologizing for them. So I hope we can put everything together to  support this resolution. It condemns all kinds of hatred, whether it is  Islamophobia, anti-Semitism, any kind of hatred that is what we need to  do. And any time that anti-Semitism rears its ugly head, we need to  stop it.   This resolution is a fine resolution, and I will support it. But I am  very disappointed that we weren't able to have a separate resolution to  specifically condemn anti-Semitism and what our colleague said that  really was a very hateful term.   I hope we can put everything together in this House. I know we can. I  know people on both sides of the aisle want to work together. We want  to stomp out any form of hatred, particularly anti-Semitism.   I will continue to work with anybody who wants to do that.   