 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate confirmed one of President  Trump's well-qualified nominees to the Federal bench and advanced the  nomination of another.   That is what we will do today. With Allison Rushing's nomination  confirmed, we will vote later today on the nomination of Chad Readler  and then turn to consideration of Eric Murphy to join him on the Sixth  Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. Murphy is a graduate of Miami University and the University of  Chicago Law School and now serves as the State solicitor of Ohio. He  has held two prestigious clerkships on our Federal courts, including  for Justice Anthony Kennedy on the U.S. Supreme Court.   So I hope our colleagues will join me in advancing another wise  choice for our Nation's judiciary.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all  postcloture time on the Murphy nomination expire at 12:30 p.m.,  Thursday, March 7; further, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action; further, that following  disposition of the Murphy nomination, the Senate resume consideration  of the Fleming nomination, the cloture motion on the nomination be  withdrawn, the time until 1:45 be equally divided in the usual form,  and the Senate vote on the nomination at 1:45; finally, that if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I understand there are two bills at the  desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc.    Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading, and I  object to my own request, all en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m.,  Thursday, March 7th; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, morning business be closed, and the Senate proceed to  executive session and resume consideration of the Murphy nomination  under the previous order.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous  order following the remarks of our Democratic colleagues.   