 Mr. President, fear has become an all too prevalent quality  in America's political discourse, and, unfortunately, fear is  unavoidable when debating the substance of the resolution before this  body today; that is, climate change, socialism, and the Green New Deal.   On entering this debate, I have a little fear in my heart as well. My  fear at this moment may be just a little different than that of some of  my colleagues. Unlike some of my colleagues, I am not immediately  afraid of what carbon emissions unaddressed might do to our environment  in the near term future or our civilization or our planet in the next  few years. Unlike others, I am not immediately afraid of what the Green  New Deal will do to our economy and our government. After all, this  isn't going to pass--not today, not anytime soon, certainly.   Rather, after reading the Green New Deal, I am mostly afraid of not  being able to get through this speech with a straight face. I rise  today to consider the Green New Deal with the seriousness it deserves.  This is, of course, a picture of former President Ronald Reagan  naturally firing a machine gun while riding on the back of a dinosaur.  You will notice a couple of important features here.   First of all, the rocket launcher is strapped to President Reagan's  back, and then the stirring unmistakable patriotism of the velociraptor  holding up a tattered American flag, a symbol of all it means to be an  American.   Now, critics might quibble with this depiction of the climactic  battle of the Cold War because, while awesome, in real life there was  no climactic battle. There was no battle with or without velociraptors.  The Cold War, as we all know, was won without firing a shot. But that  quibble actually serves our purposes here today because this image has  as much to do with overcoming communism in the 20th century as the  Green New Deal has to do with overcoming climate change in the 21st  century.   The aspirations of the proposal have been called radical. They have  been called extreme, but, mostly, they are ridiculous. There isn't a  single serious idea here--not one. To illustrate, let me highlight two  of the most prominent goals produced by the plan's authors.   Goal No. 1, the Green New Deal calls essentially for the elimination  of airplanes. Now, this might seem merely ambitious for politicians who  represent the densely populated northeastern United States, but how is  it supposed to work for our fellow citizens who don't live somewhere  between Washington, DC, and Boston? In a future without air travel, how  are we supposed to get around the vast expanses of, say, Alaska during  the winter? Well, I will tell you how.   Tauntauns is that beloved species of reptile mammals native to the  ice planet of Hoth. Now, while perhaps not as efficient in some ways as  airplanes or as snowmobiles, these hairy bipedal species of space  lizards offer their own unique benefits. Not only are tauntauns carbon  neutral, but according to a report a long time ago and issued far, far  away, they may even be fully recyclable and useable for their warmth,  especially on a cold night.   What about Hawaii? Isolated, 2,000 miles out into the Pacific Ocean,  under the Green New Deal's effective airplane prohibition, how are  people there supposed to get to and from the mainland and how are they  supposed to maintain that significant portion of their economy that is  based on tourism?  [[Page S1959]]    At that distance, swimming would, of course, be out of the question,  and jet skis are notorious gas guzzlers. No, all residents of Hawaii  would be left with is this. This is a picture of Aquaman, a superhero  from the undersea kingdom of Atlantis but, notably here, a founding  member of the Super Friends.   I draw your attention to the 20-foot impressive seahorse he is  riding. Under the Green New Deal, this is probably Hawaii's best bet.  Now, I am the first to admit that a massive fleet of giant, highly  trained seahorses would be cool and it would be really, really awesome,  but we have to consider a few things. We have no idea about scalability  or domestic capacity in this sector. The last thing we want is to ban  all airplanes and only then find out that China or Russia may have  already established strategic hippocampus programs designed to cut the  United States out of the global market. We must not allow and cannot  tolerate a giant seahorse gap.   For goal No. 2, the Green New Deal anticipates the elimination of all  cows. Talking points released by the sponsors of the resolution the day  it was introduced cited the goal of ``fully get[ting] rid of''--and I  will paraphrase a little bit here--``[flatulating] cows.''   Now, I share their concern, but honestly, I think you have to  remember that if the cows smell bad, just wait until they get a whiff  of the seahorses.   Back to the cattle, I have a chart to illustrate this trend. As you  can see on the left, these little cows represent the bovine population  of America today. On the right is the future population under the Green  New Deal. We would go from about 94 million cows to zero cows--no more  milk, no more cheese, no more steak, and no more hamburgers.   Over the State work period last week, I visited some farms to find  out for myself what Utah's own bovine community might think about the  Green New Deal. Every cow I spoke to said the same thing: Boo.   The authors of this proposal would protest that these goals are not  actually part of the Green New Deal but were merely included in  supporting documents accidentally sent out by the office of the lead  sponsor in the House of Representatives. This only makes my point. The  supporters of the Green New Deal want Americans to trust them to  reorganize our entire society and our entire economy, to restructure  our very way of life, and they couldn't even figure out how to send out  the right press release.   The Green New Deal is not a serious policy document because it is not  a policy document at all; it is, in fact, an aesthetic one. The  resolution is not an agenda of solutions; it is a token of elite tribal  identity, and endorsing it, a public act of piety for the chic and  woke. And on those embarrassing terms, it is already a resounding  success. As Speaker Pelosi herself put it, ``The green dream or  whatever they call it, nobody knows what it is, but they're for it,  right?'' Right.   Critics will no doubt chastise me for not taking climate change  seriously, but, please, nothing could be further from the truth. No  Utahn needs to hear pious lectures about the gravity of climate change  from politicians from other States, for it was only in 2016, as viewers  of the Syfy network will well remember, when climate change hit home in  Utah, when our own State was struck not simply by a tornado but by a  tornado with sharks in it.   These images are from the indispensable documentary film ``Sharknado  4.'' They captured the precise moment when one of the tornado sharks  crashed through the window of Utah's Governor, Gary Herbert. A true  Utah hero and a fine American, Governor Herbert--who, by the way, is an  incredible athlete and expert tennis player--bravely fought off the  animal with the tennis racket that he keeps by his desk precisely for  occasions such as these.   So let's be real clear. Climate change is no joke, but the Green New  Deal is a joke. It is the legislative equivalent of Austin Powers' Dr.  Evil demanding sharks with ``frickin' lasers'' on their heads.   The Green New Deal is not the solution to climate change. It is not  even part of the solution. In fact, it is part of the problem. The  solution to climate change won't be found in political posturing or  virtue signaling like this. It won't be found in the Federal Government  at all. Do you know where the solution can be found? In churches, in  wedding chapels, and in maternity wards across the country and around  the world. This is the real solution to climate change: babies.   Climate change is an engineering problem--not social engineering but  the real kind. It is a challenge of creativity, ingenuity, and most of  all, technical innovation. Problems of human imagination are not solved  by more laws; they are solved by more humans, more people, meaning  bigger markets for innovation. More babies will mean more forward- looking adults, the sort we need to tackle long-term, large-scale  problems.   American babies in particular are likely going to be wealthier,  better educated, and more conservation-minded than children raised in  still industrializing countries. As economist Tyler Cowen recently  wrote on this very point, addressing this very topic, ``by having more  children, you are making your nation more populous--thus boosting its  capacity to solve [climate change].''   Finally, children are a mark of the kind of personal, communal, and  societal optimism that is the true prerequisite for meeting national  and global challenges together.   The courage needed to solve climate change is nothing compared with  the courage needed to start a family. The true heroes of this story  aren't politicians, and they aren't social media activists; they are  moms and dads and the little boys and girls whom they are at this very  moment putting down for naps or helping with their homework, building  tree houses, and teaching them how to tie their shoes.   The planet does not need for us to think globally and act locally so  much as it needs us to think family and act personally. The solution to  climate change is not this unserious resolution that we are considering  this week in the Senate but, rather, the serious business of human  flourishing. The solution to so many of our problems at all times and  in all places is to fall in love, get married, and have some kids.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   