 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  2740 to increase funding for the National Institutes of Health, located  in Bethesda, Maryland. It would provide a modest $5 million increase to  NIH's building and facilities account.   Mr. Chair, this amendment would increase funding for the NIH, which  is proudly housed in the Eighth Congressional District of Maryland, and  it would constitute a $5 million increase to the NIH building and  facilities account to begin to address an estimated $2 billion backlog  in maintenance and repairs.   I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro),  the distinguished chair of the Labor, Health and Human Services,  Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee of the Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Chair, the NIH, of course, is a national treasure,  which sets the standard for cutting-edge biomedical research in our  country. Its breakthroughs have saved the lives of countless Americans  and remains a source of hope for millions more across the country.   While the NIH does, indeed, under this bill, receive the necessary  funding increase for scientific research and medical treatments, NIH's  buildings, the places where the scientists conduct their research and  where medical professionals provide patients with their treatments,  have fallen into alarming and embarrassing disrepair and decay.   There have been significant issues with flooding, broken fire  sprinklers, deteriorating plumbing systems, and massive water pipe  ruptures. A steam pipe leak flooded a basement where expensive  equipment is stored.   Last year, a clinic was evacuated when antifreeze began leaking from  the ceiling. A corroded pipe had caused a flood of glycol--that is  antifreeze--in the mechanical room, which can be seen in chart one. And  in chart two, this is the flood that resulted from the gushing from the  ceiling into the clinic below. This presented a very dangerous  situation.   So when I say that the NIH desperately needs funding for maintenance  and repairs, we are not talking about minor aesthetic quibbles; we are  talking about very serious structural renovations that are needed. $5  million is just a drop in the bucket in terms of what NIH actually  needs, but we have to start somewhere.   Having spoken with Ms. DeLauro, I will actually withdraw the  amendment. I understand that we are able to receive consideration from  the subcommittee. I want to thank her very much for her willingness to  work with us.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw the  amendment.   