 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleagues today  to show our continued support for improvements to the VA Community Care  Programs. Last year, under the leadership of Senate VA Committee  Chairman Isakson and Ranking Member Tester, we passed the VA MISSION  Act so veterans would have access to healthcare and services in their  own communities.   I was proud to support this landmark legislation that improves how VA  delivers healthcare. Earlier this month, the VA rolled out the Veterans  Community Care Program. The VA MISSION Act offers veterans more options  to better support their needs no matter where they live. This allows a  veteran and his or her doctor to decide where it is best for the  veteran patient to receive care, taking into consideration the  veteran's healthcare needs and the availability and location of both VA  and community care.   For veterans who live in a rural State like Arkansas, this is  especially good news. Arkansas veterans can be proud of the VA  facilities in our State. The VA hospitals in Little Rock and  Fayetteville and those in neighboring States provide quality care and  service for our veteran population. The challenge is, these are located  in more urban areas.   The community-based outpatient clinics, known as CBOCs, make  healthcare more accessible to veterans in rural areas, but if a veteran  needs more advanced care than a CBOC can provide, it can mean a full- day trip to the nearest VA Hospital. The reforms to community care will  allow more veterans to avoid that extended travel time and enable them  to receive quality care within their own community.   This program expands access to more local doctors and urgent care  within the VA's contracted network. Our Nation's veterans were promised  access to healthcare for their service and sacrifice. The program  continues our work to uphold that pledge.   The VA MISSION Act improves the VA's ability to hire high-quality  healthcare professionals, expands VA caregiver benefits to veterans of  all generations, and creates a process to evaluate and reform VA  facilities so they can best serve veterans.   It is evident that under Secretary Wilkie's leadership, his team has  been focused on executing a complete plan to implement this program and  minimize any negative consequences our veterans might face as we  transition to the new and updated Community Care Program.   The VA has been proactive in educating veterans about the reforms and  eligibility requirements with a variety of sources of information about  criteria for the new community care.  [[Page S3826]]    The Department has provided training to VA employees across the  country on the updated criteria. Its initial outreach included talking  to healthcare providers also about the changes.   There are still parts of the VA MISSION Act that have not yet been  enacted, but so far, I am pleased with the rollout. My colleagues and I  on the Senate VA Committee take our oversight responsibility very  seriously. We will continue to closely follow the implementation and be  ready to fix issues that may arise along the way so we can be sure that  benefits are delivered as they were promised. The responsibility to  ensure funding for community care programs falls to the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs.   As the chairman, I will continue working to fully fund the expansion  of community care, and I look forward to support from my colleagues to  provide the necessary resources to ensure this program's success.   I yield the floor.   