 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, clearly, today is, unfortunately, more about the  politics of climate change than actually rolling up our sleeves and  getting to work on American solutions.   Climate change is real, but addressing climate change should not  involve binding ourselves to international agreements that put United  States workers and jobs at a disadvantage to our main competitors  around the world and with no regard to the cost for American consumers  and ratepayers.   We should have a serious, solutions-oriented discussion about how to  address climate change risks through  [[Page H3374]]  American innovation, American conservation, and preparation.   But we all know that long-term, sustainable policy is best developed  through a thoughtful, logical, and strong bipartisan process. That is  the approach we have taken over the last several Congresses as  Republicans and one I think we should continue in this Congress.   In fact, in the last Congress, Republicans worked with Democrats to  remove regulatory barriers to new technological advances in power  generation, from hydropower to small modular nuclear, from tax policies  that actually encourage carbon capture and storage to reforms of the  Nation's electric grid.   There are many bipartisan policies Congress could further pursue to  accelerate innovation and to create industrial, electrical, and  technological infrastructure that actually will enable cleaner energy  systems for the future; such as, furthering advanced nuclear reactor  technologies, easing the permitting of clean-energy infrastructure, and  modernizing our electric grid.   We need to do all of those, Mr. Chairman.   We can also look to better management of our Federal forests to  reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfires, which choke the communities,  like those in my home State of Oregon, with smoke and fill our  atmosphere with untold pollutants.   The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change found that sustainably  managing our Federal forests--in fact, all forests--will create the  longest sustained carbon mitigation benefit. Those are the findings of  the U.N. IPCC.    But H.R. 9, it just does not represent that kind of bipartisan policy  that we should be considering today. This bill is being considered,  frankly, without the benefit of regular order in any committee of  jurisdiction. It has no companion in the United States Senate.   H.R. 9 represents the Democrats' reflexive response to the  President's June 1, 2017, announcement that the U.S. would withdraw  from the Paris Agreement.   Now, the Obama administration's commitments in Paris were made  without a clear plan to even meet those provisions, without a full view  of the costs to American consumers, and certainly without a strategy  that had broad bipartisan support from Congress.   Further, H.R. 9's unquestioning focus on U.S. domestic action ignores  the evidence that the bulk of the future global emissions growth will  be in China, it will be in India and the rest of the developing world.   If implemented, it would lock in the United States to expensive  commitments that will harm consumers; our communities; and, frankly,  our economic security.   Republicans offered a number of amendments to debate these matters,  but, unfortunately, most of those amendments were rejected by  Democrats.   If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are serious about  reducing emissions and addressing other climate change risks, and doing  so quickly, they would acknowledge the reality of global energy needs.  They would acknowledge that the United States is reducing greenhouse  gas emissions through innovation and through technological development,  frankly, better than any country on the planet.   That is what we are doing as Americans. That is what we do. We  innovate. We lead. And we are doing that in emissions reduction; we are  doing that with new energy technologies; and that is where we should be  focused as a Congress to incentivize those going forward.   Now, instead of spending a week of precious legislative time talking  about a bill that, frankly, has little teeth, will never move in the  Senate, would get vetoed by the President if it ever got to his desk,  we could be legislating on how to ease the overly burdensome hydropower  licensing process.   The Northwest is a great place for hydroelectricity. We know a lot  about it, and it has zero carbon emissions.   Or we could be passing bills that support nuclear energy. You look at  the small modular nuclear technologies that are on the cusp of an  energy future for baseload power, and you understand just what that  could be, with no emissions.   We could either do that through licensing reform or through these  advanced technologies.   Let's focus on the new technology necessary for future energy  systems, for future transportation systems, for advances in  manufacturing and industry to emit fewer greenhouse gases. That is what  we should be doing.   Let's work together on the bills that are going to lead to ribbon- cutting ceremonies for new energy infrastructure or to an American  getting a new, well-paid job in the energy industry.   That infrastructure could be a wind farm. It could be a natural gas  pipeline. That new job could be as a solar installer, or it could be a  nuclear engineer.   I am not talking about picking winners and losers here when it comes  to energy, the environment, or the climate. I am talking about  unleashing American innovators to do what they do best, and that is  develop new and better technologies that benefit consumers, benefit the  environment, and benefit the good, old United States of America.   So we should reject H.R. 9 and focus on realistic solutions to  prepare for the future and on policies that work for the American  public.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Johnson), a very important member of our committee.     Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Schweikert) to speak on this matter.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Arrington).    I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I don't believe we have any other speakers on our side, so I will  conclude my comments and then be happy to hear from the chairman of the  committee.   I think we have had a good debate here, a thorough debate, and at the  end of the day, it is important to remember America is actually  leading, through new innovation and technology in the energy sector,  the reduction in emissions. Again, we are leading as a country.   You look at other countries, competitors of ours like China, wouldn't  have to begin making reductions until 2030, so they can keep adding  emissions-spewing power plants. They could do all kinds of things until  2030. Meanwhile, we are supposed to shut down our economy in a lot of  ways if you go down certain paths.   We don't think we should take that bargain. We don't think we have to  take that bargain. Instead, Republicans believe we should continue to  rely on our great innovators in America to develop even new  technologies to reduce emissions and produce power like we have done in  the energy sector, as my friend from Texas described.   And like my friend from Arizona described, there are companies around  [[Page H3377]]  the world that are figuring out how to remove carbon from the  atmosphere and use it for another purpose. Republicans led the effort  on tax credits to say let's incent you to put carbon into other use or  into the ground, and we will even give you a bigger incentive to put it  in the ground.   We should be doing more in the area of advanced battery research,  like is being done at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory across the  river from Oregon, and get to where we can harness the renewable  intermittent power sources to more firm power; and the same with  streamlining hydro, with pump storage.   There is a lot we can do working together to make sure we have a  safe, secure, reliable grid that is adequate to make all this  seamlessly work together because, at the end of the day, we want to  make sure we don't have riots in the streets because you have driven up  costs too high, like they are having in France today. We want to make  sure that we are creating the jobs and technology here, because if  somebody is going to lead this effort internationally, it should be us.   Mr. Chairman, this bill is going nowhere after this vote today, and I  would urge opposition.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   