 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota,  Senator Smith, for organizing this discussion on the Senate floor today  to bring attention to the plight of the Federal contract employees who  were locked out of their jobs for 35 days and, therefore, didn't get  paychecks for 35 days, even though the bills kept coming in. I hope  that we will avoid another government shutdown in the coming weeks.   We should also use this time to make sure that we repair some of the  damage that was caused by the unnecessary and really shameful record- long 35-day government shutdown. It should never have happened. It  caused disruption throughout the country. Small businesses, in many  cases, were unable to get loans. We know that we had 800,000 Federal  employees who didn't get paychecks and that Federal service contract  employees went without work in many of our Agencies.   I was pleased that this body, on a bipartisan basis, adopted a  measure to make sure that Federal employees receive backpay. I was  pleased to work with Senator Cardin, Senator Smith, and others on the  Republican side to get that done. That was really important. We  provided Federal employees with the certainty that, at the end of the  shutdown, they would all receive backpay, but we have not done anything  similar for Federal contract employees, and we need to do that. Senator  Smith and I and others have introduced legislation that we hope we can  incorporate into whatever agreement we reach to reopen the government  that addresses the plight of these Federal service contract employees.   I just want to bring to the attention of our colleagues one of those  individuals. Her name is Lila Johnson. Ms. Johnson was my guest last  night at the State of the Union Address. I invited her here to draw  attention to the plight that she and others find themselves in.   She is 71 years old. She lives in Hagerstown, MD. She commutes about  2 hours a day to the Department of Agriculture, where for 21 years she  has provided janitorial services to help keep the Department of  Agriculture up and running and clean. She is, right now, the primary  breadwinner for two of her grandchildren, who depend on her and the  support she receives from her job to make sure they can put food on the  table and pay for medical expenses and pay for housing. When the  government shut down for 35 days, Ms. Johnson didn't get a paycheck.   She is not a highly paid employee like most of these Federal service  contractors whom we are talking about. We are talking about people who  are living, really, paycheck to paycheck--people who provide janitorial  services and cafeteria services. We are talking about security guards  and some construction workers around the country. We are talking about  lower wage and middle-wage employees who work for companies that  contract with the Federal Government to provide services.   So Ms. Johnson is really scrambling now to pay the bills and to keep  her financial head above water. That is why I was pleased that she  could join us last evening. I had hoped that, maybe, the President  would have said something about service contract employees.   Many of us wrote a letter to the Office of Management and Budget,  asking the OMB to use its contract authority to try to make these  Federal service contract employees whole because we believed that it  had some power to make contract adjustments to fix some of this  problem. We don't know exactly what the extent of the OMB's authority  is, and we don't know if it will use it in the administration even if  it has it. That is why it is really important that we move forward and  act on this legislation.   I think we all agree that it is not fair to punish people who have  had nothing to do with the political dysfunction in this body and in  Washington. Ms. Johnson has had nothing to do with the dispute that we  have had in this body and the dispute with the President. For goodness'  sake, she works for the Department of Agriculture. The Department of  Agriculture has nothing to do with how we most effectively provide  border security. The Department of Agriculture is one of the eight or  nine Departments that was held hostage for a dispute that had nothing  to do with the Department of Agriculture's mission.   That is why people like Lila Johnson have been caught up in something  they had nothing to do with. It seems to me that the right thing for us  to do is to make sure the people who are sort of caught in the  political crossfire are not the ones who, at the end of the day, are  punished.  [[Page S906]]    I hope we will do the right thing on a bipartisan basis. We have  introduced a piece of legislation. It is a bipartisan piece of  legislation. It has Democratic and Republican Senators. The same is  true for a similar piece of legislation in the House. So I am very  hopeful that we will use the opportunity of the agreement to reopen the  government. Hopefully, we will get there, and we will keep it open. I  hope we will use that opportunity to address this injustice and to  right this wrong.   Again, I thank the Senator from Minnesota.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor today with  a sense of great disappointment, disappointment in what my colleague,  the senior Senator from Florida and the Republican leader have done  with the bill that was before us. Because they have taken a bill that  had broad--maybe unanimous--bipartisan support and tried to turn it  into a political weapon. As a result, they are doing a great disservice  to the American people and to all of us who value the tradition of  strong bipartisan support for our friend and ally, Israel. I also  opposed Senator McConnell's amendment to S.1 because it contains  language that could require the perpetual presence of American forces  in Afghanistan and Syria.   I am a cosponsor of the original bill S.2497 entitled the United  States-Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018. It is a  bill to codify the memorandum of understanding between the United  States and Israel, that was forged under President Obama and which  provides Israel with $38 billion in security assistance over the next  10 years. This includes $33 billion in foreign military financing funds  to Israel and $5 billion in missile defense assistance for the Iron  Dome, David's Sling, and the Arrow-3.   That is a lot of money when you consider the many priorities we have  here at home and abroad. In fact, more than one-half of our entire  global foreign military financing, the security assistance we provide  to all of our partners and allies around the world, goes to Israel.   In my view, it is an important investment, it is an important  investment to support our friend and democratic ally Israel from the  many threats it faces in a very dangerous neighborhood--threats from  Iran, Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas, and many others. We need to make sure  Israel maintains a strong military edge to defend itself, and that is  why you have strong bipartisan support for that original bill.   But then the Republican leader took a bill with broad bipartisan  support for Israel and added a provision designed to retaliate against  American citizens who express their disagreement with certain policies  of the government of Israel by participating in certain boycott  activities. Specifically, the Senator from Florida added a provision  that encourages States throughout the country to pass laws to punish  American citizens who choose to protest the settlement policies of the  government of Prime Minister Netanyahu by either boycotting products  made in Israeli settlements in the West Bank or by not otherwise  engaging in commerce with such settlements.   Now--and I want to make this clear--while I disagree with some of the  policies adopted by the Netanyahu government in Israel, I do not--I do  not in any way support a boycott as a method of expressing those  disagreements.   But--let me be equally clear on this point--I will fiercely defend  the constitutional right of any American citizen to express his or her  views in such a peaceful way if they so choose. Just as I would support  the right of every American to engage in other political boycotts to  peacefully express their political views without fear of being punished  by their government.   The Senator from Florida wants to use the power of the State to  punish American citizens who disagree with him on this issue. It is  right here in the bill. Let me read some of the relevant parts.   A state may adopt and enforce measures . . . to restrict contracting  by the state for goods and services with--any entity that . . .  knowingly engages in . . . boycott activity . . . intended to limit  commercial relations with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or  Israeli-controlled territories for purposes of imposing policy  positions on, the Government of Israel.   So how does this new provision encourage States to retaliate against  American citizens? It encourages States to pass laws to deny their  citizens the right to bid on any State contracts unless those citizens  sign an oath stating that they do not or will not engage in any boycott  of Israel, including any boycott relating the sale or purchase of goods  or services from Israeli settlements in the West Bank.   Think about that. Let's say you are an American citizen living in my  State of Maryland. Let's say you own a computer consulting business and  you happen to disagree with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's policy  of expanding  [[Page S915]]  settlements on the West Bank near the city of Bethlehem, and you want  to express your opposition to that policy, and let's say you choose to  protest that policy by deciding that you will not provide your services  to businesses located in those settlements on the West Bank.   If you did that, you would be prohibited by State law from bidding on  a contract to provide computer consulting services to a Maryland State  agency. Think about that. You may run the best computer consulting  business in the State of Maryland, but if you don't sign an oath  renouncing your right to engage in a boycott, you cannot win any  contract with the State. In other words, even if you are the best, most  qualified bidder, you would be disqualified from winning that State  contract because of your peaceful political activity having nothing to  do with your ability to fulfill the contract.   Does that sound unconstitutional? Of course, it is unconstitutional.  And, guess what? That is what two Federal courts have already concluded  about State laws that already do what Senator Rubio's bill is  proposing. I am going to review those decisions in a moment, but before  I do, let me respond to the really flimsy defense the senior Senator  from Florida and others have offered to try to justify this effort to  punish free expression. Here is what Senator Rubio tweeted out:  ``Opposition to our bill isn't about free speech. Companies are FREE to  boycott Israel. But state and local governments should be FREE to end  contracts with companies that do.''   This reflects a profound misunderstanding of the First Amendment. It  turns the First Amendment on its head. It is like saying to our fellow  Americans, you are free to peacefully express yourselves however you  want, but the government is then free to use the power of the State to  punish you for doing so. You are free to express your political  opinions, but, if we don't like what you say, the State is free to pass  laws to prevent you from doing any business with the State.   That is State-sponsored discrimination against disfavored political  expression. I would remind my colleagues that the First Amendment is  not designed to protect government from its citizens; it is designed to  protect citizens, who may engage in unpopular speech, from retaliation  by the government.   What if a State passed a law to penalize gun control advocates who  boycotted stores that sold semiautomatic weapons? What if a State  retaliated against anti-abortion activists who boycotted health clinics  that provide abortion services?   So SenatorRubio's proposal is a textbook example of why we need the  First Amendment.   I have heard others defend this measure by saying: ``It is simply a  law to boycott the boycotters.'' A cute slogan but, again, a stunning  ignorance of the First Amendment. Yes, any of us, as individuals, can  always decide to boycott those whose boycotts we disagree with. Each of  us is free to boycott those businesses who choose to boycott Israeli  settlements in the West Bank, but that is not what this bill does. This  bill calls upon States to use the power of the State, the power of the  government to punish peaceful political actions we don't like. Again,  that is patently unconstitutional.   That is the conclusion reached by two Federal courts that struck down  the kind of State laws that SenatorRubio seeks to promote.   In Kansas, a Federal judge blocked the enforcement of a State law  requiring any state contractor to submit a written certification that  they are ``not currently engaged in a boycott of Israel.'' In the  Kansas case, a woman who had served as a public school math teacher for  9 years was barred from participating in a Sate-sponsored teacher  training program because she refused to sign a certification that she  wasn't participating in a boycott of Israel.   The court found that the antiboycott certification requirement was  designed to suppress political speech and was ``plainly  unconstitutional.'' In his opinion, the judge wrote, ``[T]he Supreme  Court has held that the First Amendment protects the right to  participate in a boycott like the one punished by the Kansas law.''   In Arizona, a Federal court blocked a State law requiring contractors  to certify that they will not boycott Israel, finding again that the  law violates the right of free speech. In this case, an attorney  contracted with the government to provide legal services to  incarcerated individuals. Because of his political views, the attorney  refused to purchase goods from businesses supporting Israeli  settlements in the West Bank. Because he would not submit a written  certification that he wasn't boycotting Israel, he was barred from  contracting with the State to provide legal services.   In this case, the court held, ``A restriction of one's ability to  participate in collective calls to oppose Israel unquestionably burdens  the protected expression of companies wishing to engage in a boycott.  The type of collective action targeted by the [law] specifically  implicates the rights of assembly and association that Americans and  Arizonans use `to bring about political, social, and economic  change'.''   There are a number of other challenges to laws requiring government  contractors to certify they are not boycotting Israel or Israeli  settlements, on the grounds that they violate an American's fundamental  right to free speech.   In Texas, there are two pending First Amendment challenges to a law  requiring State contractors to certify they will not boycott Israel or  its settlements.   In the first Texas lawsuit, four individuals were required to choose  between signing a certification that they are not participating in a  peaceful boycott or losing income and other professional opportunities.  These individuals include a freelance writer who lost two service  contracts from the University of Houston; a reporter who was forced to  sign the certification against his conscience in order to keep his job;  a Ph.D. candidate at Rice University, who was forced to forfeit payment  for judging at a debate tournament; and a student at Texas State  University, who has had to forego opportunities to judge high school  debate tournaments.   In the second lawsuit, a Texas speech pathologist, who had worked  with developmentally disabled, autistic, and speech-impaired elementary  school students for 9 years, was fired because she refused to sign an  addendum to her contract renewal saying she would not boycott Israel or  Israeli settlements.   In my home State of Maryland, a software engineer is challenging an  executive order requiring contractors to certify in writing that they  are not boycotting Israel or its settlements. In that case, the  individual was barred from bidding on government software program  contracts because he would not sign such a certification.   These laws are patently unconstitutional.   Now, I will speak briefly to a recent court decision in Arkansas, in  which the judge ruled in favor of a law prohibiting the State from  contracting with or investing in individuals or firms that boycott  Israel or its settlements.   This decision is destined for dustbin of history. I am not sure any  Senator wants to be associated with its holding. It concludes that a  boycott ``is not speech, inherently expressive activity, or subject to  constitutional protection.''   The banner right here on page 9 on the opinion reads: ``A Boycott Is  Neither Speech Nor Inherently Expressive Conduct.''   In other words, States can pass laws banning or penalizing boycotts  that they don't like. Years ago, as a college student, I was active in  the movement to divest from companies that did business with the  apartheid regime of South Africa. Under the Arkansas court decision, a  State could pass a law that could ban that conduct or at least penalize  me if I did business as a sole proprietor and sought State contracts.   There is no doubt that the Arkansas decision will be overturned. That  is because the Supreme Court explicitly held in the case of NAACP v.  Claiborne Hardware that the First Amendment protects the right to  participate in a boycott for political purposes. The judge in the  Arkansas case attempts to narrow that NAACP holding in a way that is  clearly inconsistent with the First Amendment protections. I urge my  colleagues to read all three decisions from the Federal district courts  in Kansas, Arizona, and Arkansas.  [[Page S916]]    Now, as I said earlier, I do not support the boycott of Israel as a  means of pressing the Netanyahu government to change some of its  policies, but here is what I predict: I predict that the boycott  movement will continue to grow for a number of reasons. At the top of  that list is the fact that the Trump administration's actions and  inaction are adding oxygen to the boycott movement.   To start, the Trump administration has abandoned any pretense of  trying to prevent the expansion of Israeli settlements in new parts of  the West Bank. There has been a big jump in the number of tenders and  settlement plans since President Trump took office. In fact, our  Ambassador there, Ambassador Freidman, has been a vocal cheerleader for  additional settlements in new areas. In doing so, the Trump  administration has abandoned what had been a long-held bipartisan  position of the U.S. Government. Here are a few statements from  Presidents of both parties over the past 40 years.   President Ronald Reagan, in 1982, said, ``Settlement activity is in  no way necessary for the security of Israel and only diminishes the  confidence of the Arabs that a final outcome can be freely and fairly  negotiated.''   President George H.W. Bush, in 1990, said, ``The foreign policy of  the United States says we do not believe there should be new  settlements in the West Bank or in East Jerusalem.''   President Bill Clinton, in 2001, said, ``The settlement enterprise  and building bypass roads in the heart of what they already know will  one day be part of a Palestinian state is inconsistent with the Oslo  commitment that both sides negotiate a compromise.''   President George W. Bush spoke out against new settlements. In 2002,  he said, ``Israeli settlement activity in occupied territories must  stop, and the occupation must end through withdrawal to secure and  recognized boundaries.''   Finally, President Obama, in 2009, said, ``The United States does not  accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements. This  construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to  achieve peace. It is time for these settlements to stop.''   The provision before us today directly contradicts this long stated  U.S. policy by drawing no distinction between someone boycotting  businesses located in the State of Israel and someone boycotting  businesses located in settlements in the territories. In other words,  this provision and the State laws it promotes supports the same penalty  for those who boycott commerce with a business in Tel Aviv as it does  those who boycott commerce with businesses in the settlements,  including outposts that may be illegal even under Israeli law. This  provision that was before us erases an important distinction in  American policy that has been endorsed by Presidents of both parties.   One of the reasons for discouraging settlements and outposts in new  areas is to preserve the option for a two-state solution, an option  that has previously been supported by Presidents of both parties, as  well as pro-Israel groups, including AIPAC, J Street, and others. It is  a demographic reality that, in order to ensure a Jewish State that is  democratic and provides equal rights to all its citizens, there must be  a two-state solution.   Now, such a solution should come about through a negotiated  settlement between the parties, the Israelis and the Palestinians. We  all know that dysfunction and obstruction on the Palestinian side has  been one obstacle to reaching an agreement, but that does not justify  changing the status quo on the ground by adding settlements in new  areas that will make a two-state solution impossible.   Second, the Trump administration, under the guidance of the  President's designated Middle East senior adviser, his son-in-law,  Jared Kushner, has embarked on undisguised effort to crush the  Palestinians by revoking all U.S. humanitarian assistance.   Here we are, authorizing $38 billion for U.S. military support for  Israel, something I strongly support and am a cosponsor of, while at  the same time the Trump administration has eliminated--eliminated-- humanitarian and other assistance to help the Palestinian people, many  of whom are living in horrible conditions.   The Trump administration has eliminated assistance that helps provide  medical care, clean water and food to hundreds of thousands of  vulnerable Palestinian children and families. Much of this assistance  is provided by organizations like Catholic Relief Services and the  Lutheran World Federation.   President Trump has also eliminated $25 million in U.S. support to a  network of six hospitals in East Jerusalem, support the Congress  explicitly protected under the Taylor Force Act. In doing this, he  gutted funding for the main hospital providing cancer treatment for  patients in the West Bank and Gaza and kidney dialysis for children.  These hospitals include Lutheran Augusta Victoria Hospital, the  Anglican St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital, and the Catholic St.  Joseph Hospital, American-founded institutions that fall under our  American Schools and Hospitals Abroad program. The Trump administration  has eliminated support for those programs.   The effort to crush the Palestinians into submitting to a one-sided  agreement will never work. President Trump and Jared Kushner apparently  think this is just another real estate deal where you turn off the  water and electricity to force your tenants out. Instead, these actions  by the Trump administration will add fuel to the boycott movement  because many people will see no other vehicle for expressing their  views.   Finally, to the Senator from Florida and others, nothing, will  motivate Americans to exercise their rights more that efforts to  suppress them. Trying to suppress free speech, even unpopular speech,  even conduct that we don't support here and I don't support, that will  only add momentum.   I will end where I started. It is a really shameful and disappointing  day when the sponsors of this legislation took a bill demonstrating  strong bipartisan support for Israel, to our friends and allies that  share our commitment to democracy, and share other values we hold dear,  that Senators took that bill and used it to attack the constitutional  rights of American citizens who may want to peacefully demonstrate  their opposition to some of the Netanyahu government's policies--not in  the way you would choose, not in the way I would choose--but in a way  they have a right to do as American citizens.   So in making these changes to the bill, the sponsors are sabotaging  what was a bipartisan bill to support our friend and ally Israel and in  the process strengthening the very boycott movement that we seek to  oppose. That hurts Israel. That hurts the United States. This is a  really sad day in the U.S. Senate, when we took something that we all  agreed on and decided to use it to attack the constitutional rights of  American citizens to express opinions we may disagree with.   Furthermore, I oppose Senator McConnell's amendment to S. 1, which  calls for ``the Administration to certify that conditions have been met  for the enduring defeat of al Qaeda and ISIS before initiating any  significant withdrawal of United States forces from Syria and  Afghanistan.'' I strongly believe we have to finish the job and destroy  and al Qaeda and ISIS, but Senator McConnell leaves undefined what an  ``enduring defeat'' means in this context. Does he mean an enduring  defeat of the ideology of ISIS and al-Qaeda, which may never be  achieved? Does he mean the removal of every single fighter from the  battlefield, which the administration might also never be able to  certify? By leaving this standard so nebulous, Senator McConnell has  seemingly endorsed an indefinite presence of U.S. troops in both  countries, bolstering the positions of the most hawkish members of  President Trump's Cabinet, National Security Adviser John Bolton and  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.   Though I do not support an indefinite U.S. presence in Syria, I also  oppose President Trump's abrupt decision for an immediate withdrawal  from Syria. This rash decision puts at risk our mission to defeat ISIS  and endangers the future of our Syrian Kurdish allies, who have been  the tip of the spear in that fight. Ilham Ahmed, the cochair of the  Syrian Democratic Council, underscored this point in a meeting I  convened with a bipartisan group of Senators last week.  [[Page S917]]    That is why I introduced a bipartisan amendment with Senator Toomey,  which calls for a clear, publicly articulated strategy that will guide  the withdrawal of U.S. forces from Syria. Critically, our amendment  also makes clear that the United States must protect the Syrian  Democratic Forces from attacks by Turkey, which is more focused on  destroying the Syrian Kurds than defeating ISIS.   Finally, this legislation does not acknowledge the obvious: We have a  reckless President who undermines our security daily. We have a  President who conducts foreign policy by tweet and champions the views  of brutal dictators, like Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong Un, above that of  his own top intelligence officials. We have a President who has  compromised American credibility; allies and adversaries alike cannot  trust if his grand pronouncements will translate into action or if they  will just as quickly be reversed. More than any President before him,  President Trump has shirked America's founding principles and our  values as a nation. Until Republicans in the Congress acknowledge that  obvious point, our ability to preserve American leadership abroad will  be greatly compromised.   For all of these reasons, I voted against S. 1.   